===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-23 16:30:00) =====
Dave Pahl: Welcome to the Texas Instruments Incorporated first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. I'm Dave Pahl, and I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Haviv Ilan, and our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi. In addition, Mike Beckman has joined us. As you may know, I will be retiring, and Mike will replace me as Vice President of Investor Relations. Mike has worked at Texas Instruments Incorporated for nearly two decades and has worked directly with me in investor relations for five years. Mike will moderate today's call, and with that, let me turn it over to Mike. Thanks, Dave. I'm looking forward to the opportunity.
Mike Beckman: For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. In addition, today's call is being recorded and will be available via replay on our website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Texas Instruments Incorporated's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as Texas Instruments Incorporated's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Today, we'll provide the following updates. First, Haviv will start with a quick overview of the quarter, including insight into first-quarter revenue results, and some details of what we're seeing with respect to our end markets. Next, he'll share how we are approaching the overall market environment and provide guidance for the second quarter of 2025. Lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results and give an update on capital management. With that, let me turn it over to Haviv. Thanks, Mike. Let me start with a quick overview of the first quarter. Revenue came in at $4.1 billion, an increase of 2% sequentially and an increase of 11% year over year. In Analog, revenue grew 13% year over year, and embedded processing was about flat. Both segments grew sequentially. Our other segment grew 23% from the year-ago quarter. Now I'll provide some insight into our first-quarter revenue by end market. We continue to see recovery across our end markets, with industrial showing broad recovery across sectors and geographies. We believe customer inventories are at low levels across all end markets. Similar to last quarter, I'll focus on sequential performance as it is more informative at this time. First, the industrial market increased upper single digits after seven consecutive quarters of sequential decline. The automotive market increased low single digits. Personal electronics declined mid-teens in line with typical seasonal trends. Enterprise Systems grew mid-single digits, and communications equipment was up about 10%. Before I go to our second-quarter guidance, let me take a minute to frame how we are approaching the current environment. It is a time of high uncertainty in the world, as tariffs and geopolitics are disrupting global supply chains and creating unpredictable economic conditions. Adding to that, semiconductors are highly visible, and it is broadly understood that people and economies are increasingly dependent on chips. To navigate in this environment, we will continue to rely on our three key ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades, we will adapt and succeed in a world that is ever-changing, and we will be a company that we are proud to be part of and would be proud to have as our neighbor. These guiding ambitions are not new. They have served us well for decades, and they are enormously valuable in times like these. We look at the current environment in two important categories. One, where we are in the phase of the semiconductor cycle, and two, providing geopolitically dependable capacity and navigating in a world that is changing. To help understand where we are in the cycle, we spent some time looking at previous events, including Y2K, the global financial crisis, and the COVID-19 pandemic. While no two scenarios are identical, these recent examples help inform our decisions as we prepare for a range of market scenarios. What may be unique right now is that we are at the bottom of the semiconductor cycle, and customer inventories are at low levels across all end markets. So relative to where we are, history says it is important to have capacity and inventory in times like these. And we are well-positioned. In addition, geopolitically dependable capacity will matter more, and it is increasingly critical and valuable to our customers. We have flexibility and are prepared to navigate the evolving supply chain dynamics. Translating all these to second-quarter guidance, I would like to make three points. First, we remain cautious as there are many things still changing, and we are working with our customers to understand and support their needs. As such, potential impact on our customers, suppliers, and Texas Instruments Incorporated is unclear and will likely evolve. Second, at this time, we don't see near-term impact in the second quarter. We expect Texas Instruments Incorporated's revenue in the range of $4.17 billion to $4.53 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.21 to $1.47. Finally, we will have to see what happens in the second half of 2025 and going into 2026, and we are prepared for a range of scenarios. We are, and will remain, flexible to navigate, especially in the immediate term. With that, let me turn it over to Rafael to review profitability and capital management. Thanks, Haviv, and good afternoon, everyone. As Haviv mentioned, first-quarter revenue was $4.1 billion. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.3 billion or 57% of revenue. Sequentially, gross profit margin decreased 90 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $989 million, up 6% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing twelve-month basis, operating expenses were $3.8 billion or 24% of revenue. Operating profit was $1.3 billion in the quarter, or 33% of revenue, and was up 3% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the quarter was $1.2 billion or $1.28 per share. Earnings per share include a $0.05 benefit not in our original guidance. Let me now comment on our capital management results. Starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $849 million in the quarter and $6.2 billion on a trailing twelve-month basis. Capital expenditures were $1.1 billion in the quarter and $4.7 billion over the last twelve months. Free cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $1.7 billion. In the quarter, we paid $1.2 billion in dividends and repurchased $653 million of our stock. In total, we returned $6.4 billion to our owners in the past twelve months. Our balance sheet remains strong with $5 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the first quarter. In the quarter, we repaid $750 million of debt. Total debt outstanding is $12.95 billion with a weighted average coupon of 3.93%. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $4.7 billion, up $160 million from the prior quarter. And days were 240, down one day sequentially. For the second quarter, we now expect our effective tax rate to be about 12% to 13%. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, broad product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities. We believe this will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long term. With that, let me turn it back to Mike. Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the line for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator, thank you.
Operator: Again, we will now be conducting a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, please press star keys. One moment please while we poll for questions. Our first question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question. Thanks much. So the guidance up 7%, that's even better than normal. Seasonal. I know this is a hard, you know, question to answer, but is there any way for you to know how much of this is pull-ins ahead of the tariffs? I mean, is there any way your discussions with customers, any of the tonality that's changed, Thanks.
Haviv Ilan: Tim, thanks for the question. So first, before I talk about our approach into the second quarter, just as I said in my prepared remarks, we are looking at two different categories of change in front of us. One is related to the cycle. And the cycle we saw in Q1 a continued recovery I think we mentioned before, I think it was in the last in the previous call, we have three markets now growing year over year and recovering. It was the DE or personal electronics market, enterprise, and comms. It's very obvious to us now that industrial is really joining the pack and it's a large market for us. We've seen some evidence in Q4, but based on what we've seen in Q1, I think this is a real recovery rather than, you know, the way I see it right now. Related to tariffs, at least not for the first quarter. Right? And the cycle has hit a bottom because we are seeing more and more evidence from customers that they are really, really short on their inventory. They have sometimes a few days of inventory. We've seen that age in phenomena or orders within the quarter turns as we call it. Strengthening in Q4. It continued to do the same in 1Q. So more and more evidence and signals that across all channels, all geographies, a recovery of the industrial market is here. But the automotive market was always correcting a very shallow manner So you can kind of say that the markets are now were pointing pre the trade challenges all up into the right. Now when you look at the second quarter, I think we have to stay very cautious as we said about the forecast. So we are seeing that many things are still changing. It's a very, very dynamic environment. And I say sometimes by the day, And there is a potential impact on our customers and on suppliers and also on our on our revenues. So it could is unclear and it will evolve, but as I need to call and we said spend a lot of time on it, looking at past examples, understanding where the site is, and looking at the data we have in front of us we don't see an immediate near term impact course, the customers wouldn't tell us why we see the orders come again. But I would guess that you know, a time like this when there is a a little bit of anxiety the do you wanna have a little bit of more inventory on your shelf or less? So my guess is more and that's what maybe why we are seeing kind of I would call it a seasonal maybe a little bit typical seasonal second quarter forecast. And then, Mike, you've looked at some more data on the second quarter. Maybe you can add a little bit more information on what we're seeing specifically for the second quarter. Yeah. Yeah. So so quarter to date, you know, the revenue linearity we've seen has started out about as we'd expect. And it shouldn't be too surprising just given the low inventory levels across the customer base. And and it also you know, we see diversity across end markets and geographies. So consistent with what Haviv shared. You have a follow-up, Tim?
Timothy Arcuri: I do. Yeah. Is there a way to handicap sort of what your exposure is in China to these retaliatory tariffs? I know you report 19% as companies into China. But there's probably some added exposure from other companies that are that are, you know, domiciled beyond China that are building product in China. And I guess can you offset some of that by having product on consignment? Do you have a lot of inventory And to to sort of offset some of that? Thanks.
Haviv Ilan: Yeah. And again, Tim, as as said in my in my again, my prepared remarks, we are providing to dependable capacity to our customers and we are working every hour with them right now to navigating the changing goals. So as you said, we have a lot of capabilities. I think it is important to start and focus first on our China headquartered customers. As you said, it's a little bit maybe we was 19% of our revenue last year. I think it was 20% in Q1. Aligned with the GDP with our GDP shows. So nothing very special here. And I I think we said many times it's an important market. And our customers, we have long term relationship with them. Right? The value they value our product breadth, they value our quality, They also value our scale and service. To your point, sir, part of the service we provide is having inventory on hand, some of it consigned, of it very close to their manufacturing plant. So all of that is part of the way we serve our customers and have been serving them for years, especially in the last several years where we've taken more direct, in China and worldwide. Now you also remember saying that these guys, they wanna be they are and want to continue to be an even further grow their global play. You know, they are making end equipment that are sold into China, but they're all also making end equipments that are sold worldwide. And again, this is where our geopolitically dependable capacity is very, very important and valuable. This is where our immediate focus is right now. And this is where I'm sure we'll have some follow-up questions on that. I'll just say, at a high level, we do have flexibility. And it's a case by case, but we are working working with the customers. Everyone has different requirements of how we can support them on an immediate basis. And alleviate some of their concerns on what's gonna happen in the second half of 2025 or even into 2026.
Mike Beckman: Thanks, Tim. Let's move on to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed with your question. Thanks so much. First, just wanted to say thanks and best wishes to Dave and his next adventures, and and also good wishes to Mike. For my first question, maybe for Rafael. So inventory was up again, and I think on the last call you suggested that factory loading would go down. So it seemed like maybe they did not. So how much was the gross margin benefit? From that? And then how are you thinking about the direction of loadings and the pace of gross margins from there? Yeah. No. Sure. Let me give you a few piece of information on that. Gross margin did better than expected. Most of that was due to higher revenue. And the greater mix of industrial in the quarter. But also, our loadings that were down versus fourth quarter, but they were higher than originally expected, the base case that we originally had. And that was, of course, revenue did better than the midpoint. And what we're seeing as Saviv described the current environment with customers running pretty lean on inventory and demand being pretty strong and agents, etcetera. On a forward looking basis, our base case right now at the midpoint we expect factory loadings to increase slightly. Into second quarter and gross margin to be up. Versus first quarter. So first quarter to second quarter gross margin up. You have a follow-up?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thank you. So maybe, we for Q2, I think you mentioned that it is perhaps right in in the range of seasonality or perhaps at the upper end. I know it tends to be a stronger quarter for your your other know, calculator business. But when you look at your core segment, could you help us get a feel for what is going to be better or lower than the 7% or so sequential rate, whether it is by industrial or automotive or consumer markets or whether it's by Anadog or Embedded. Just so we get a better feel for what is driving Q2 to be at kind of the upper end of seasonality despite all these macro and and tariff related headwinds. Thank you.
Haviv Ilan: Sure, Vivek. And any first, I would say, Ben, when we are in a normal environment and we are in an up cycle, you know, just to go back to trend line, you need to have some of these quarters running a little bit above seasonality. Right? That's the only way to get back to trend line. So so I think we've started to switch some of it in terms of the of the demand signals we're seeing. And I think there is nothing I would call specifically versus Q1 other than the continued strength in industrial. I think the industrial signal is now, I would say, probably five months or so. We I mean, we've seen some above the industrial seasonality in Q4. Typically, it goes, like, mid single digits down in Q4. I think it went down low single, I think, by am I? And then, again, and above seasonality in that 1Q, close to that 10% mark. And I don't see right now at least any slowdown there. And that's also very I think it's also very intuitive. As I said, when when when there is a little bit of anxiety and unknown, I think customers want to have a little bit more inventory than less. So if I have to call the second quarter, I would like to Q1. Remember, the automotive cycle was the last one to join the pack just kind of a late cover of both on the way up, spring COVID and the down. Okay? So I do expect it to come in last, but it was always very, very shallow. Even in Q1, I think we've seen automotive growing sequentially, and I think it was even growing year over year. So the automotive cycle has been very, very shallow, kind of a mid to high single digit That was the what we've seen on a trailing twenty twelve month basis. So overall, that would be my my read into into the second quarter.
Mike Beckman: Thanks, Vivek. Let's move on to the next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your question. Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. You know, Haviv, you said at first that you didn't see any pull forward, but then you talked about customers wanting to hold more, which sort of seems like the definition of pull forward, and you seem concerned about the second half. I mean, I guess, my question is, if there was pull forward going on, would would you care Or would you just is would you just ship? Like, is your typical plan I I always thought it was if if you can it, you ship it, and it doesn't really matter more than that. Is that how we should be thinking about how you're living in this environment right now given of the upside that you are seeing or clearly seeing?
Haviv Ilan: Yes, Stacy. Thanks for the question. Let me first clarify the first one. That you've made. Maybe I was a little bit not clear enough. I would guess that what we've seen in the first quarter okay, the the only signal I've seen in the in the first quarter and we've seen it across China, across geography, it's very consistent. It's just a return of industrial. We've seen that in the broadway across the channels, on our online business. It's just been a very, very broad Nothing that looked anxious or nothing that looks like huge orders or whatever. Just, you know, an acceleration of the aging trend we saw in Q4. So very consistent with what we've seen in Q4, but accelerated. Right? So that's my comment on the first quarter. For the second quarter, we have data only for I mean, it's not even been it's a not even a month yet. Right? So you know, our our lead times are very short. And the the signals we see right now are nothing that that you know, signals anxiety or or something very, very weird, but kind of a continue continuation of the cycle. My guess is, again, that's when I think about industrial customers running low volumes, you know, exposed to all these, you know, news. I think it you would wanna have a little bit more than less, and that's also my anecdotal discussion with customers. Mhmm. They do have, you know, a wish to to maybe replenish some of their empty shelves. So I think we are seeing now maybe end demand in industrial, that's a little bit. Okay? And that's what I would say is a typical cycle behavior. Now when I say we have to prepare to any scenario, that thing can develop both ways. The second half could turn into, I don't know, slowdown and just no end demand and we will see that in our orders at a certain point of time. We haven't seen it yet. But you know, if anxiety builds and we've seen sometimes situations like that. Think about COVID, and COVID and we looked at that cycle very, very carefully. The the economy stopped. I mean, people have were not building end equipments because we're not showing up to factories. So everything stopped, but then this was that was the period after that that anxiety has built, and we've seen orders, you know, three years worth of orders on our books. And we are not right. Now there. But we do have to think about what happens if customers get into this action mode anxious mode? Then we need to support them. And to your question specific one, we are not going to just flood them with stuff that they we don't think they need. We have a playbook that we have written over the last several years of what happened in an up cycle. And we'll manage customers according to that demand in a very structured and organized way.
Operator: Stacy, do you have a follow-up?
Stacy Rasgon: I I do. Thank you. Maybe maybe the follow-up and then again, I know it's only been less than a month in the quarter. I know we're twenty three days in. I think we're we're, what, about two weeks or so since the liberation day. Just what have you seen on, I guess, any acceleration in in the order rate you know, during those, you know, kind of two weeks post tariff versus, say, what you saw exiting Q1? Like, have have orders, like, materially accelerated, the pace of orders accelerated over the last couple of weeks? Or is it consistent? I'll say a very high level comment, and, Mike, you can give some some more color. In general, safety of forecast represents what we're seeing right now. I mean, we, of course, want to give you the best data when we come to this call and that's our best estimate what the quarter will do according to what we see right now.
Mike Beckman: Yeah. I think it's difficult to roll out any specific reason you know, for a given order. But again, as we mentioned before, we've seen since the beginning of the quarter, you know, the linearity so far is about what you'd expect to see. From a versus second transition and also in an environment where you're having end markets that are in recovery. So not unusual what we've seen so far. Alright. Okay. With that, I'll move on to the next caller.
Stacy Rasgon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg with Stifel. Please proceed with your question. Yes. Thank you, and congratulations to Dave on his retirement. Tremendous career, and you'll be sorely missed. My question first question is on some of the activity that you've seen here the last few weeks, is there any regional disparity here? I mean, I'm asking the question because, obviously, you know, there's variances on the potential tariffs by region. So is is that also very consistent with what you typically would see?
Haviv Ilan: Yeah. I'll take that and maybe provide a little bit more color. I think Tim went there, and I I can provide a little bit more color what's what's happening. I As we said in the prepared remarks and also in my response to team, we we are working very closely with our customers because, of course, they are reading the situation. They are studying the supply chains, and they we are a a large supplier of them, very broad supplier. And, of course, they they wanna have flexibility. And by the way, the rules are changing every day and that they could continue to change, they are attacking and thinking about what can they do right now. And, of course, I if you think about I'm sorry about the way our our market works, the way cycle times are built for semis, nothing can be fixed immediately. Right? Everybody is kind of preparing for what the second half of the year could be and, you know, they wanna have a very robust and what we like to call a geopolitically dependable capacity supplier on their side. So if you go on the I'll go a little bit of more specificity why we've think and why we why we can say that our discussion are going well because we do have flexibility. If you think about the let's just take, for example, our main focus is our our China headquarters customers, For the majority of our portfolio, we have already an internal dual flow capability. Right? This was put together back in the actually, in the Japan earthquake, more than a decade ago. Have a disaster recovery framework when when when supply chain gets shutter you know, shut doing what customers can do, and that's also a very big requirement for customers who buy high volume from TI. So that is something that we now have to work immediately on some logistics because now to optimize potential cost for customers, we have to adapt our manufacturing flow and our logistics in order to get the right parts to the right customers. Okay? And we have inventory. Sometimes we have inventory from both flavors, on our on our shelves right now, but we just have to make sure that the the machine because we have more than a hundred thousand customers and they are buying, you know, sometimes hundreds of different parts per customer, have to make sure that they logistically, our machine has to adapt and optimize the right path. For the customer. We also have external partners. Right? So if you think about I can give you very easy example from our embedded business. Our embedded business is in the process of of shifting, you know, manufacturing from foundries, in this case, in Taiwan to to a fab in Lehi. So by definition, the parts are double you know, they have a dual flow, one internal, one external. And we just have to again the right wafer to the right customer. That is something that we are busy doing with the customers who need that. And just a reminder, you know, we are coming from a very deep cycle way below the trend line. And we have four fabs outside of the US. We have two inch Japan, one in China, one in in Germany. And we have most of the part that we have running on in the US also running there. Right? So maybe these fabs are not as cost efficient as our hundred millimeter wafer fabs, but they are competitive. And this is where the of our technology allows us to ship some of our supply into these faster needed. Obviously, these faster underutilized because of the down cycle, you optimize your capacity your lower cost rather than to your two hundred millimeter wafer fab. So the bottom line, it's a complex execution plan. The we have. The teams are engaged, working closely with customers. And we are prepared to navigate the evolving supply chain dynamics into the second quarter, but also into the second half 'twenty five into next year. Thanks, Tore. Let's move on to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Thomas O'Malley with Barclays. Please proceed with your question. Hey, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. And, again, I wanna pass along the thanks to Dave You will be missed. My first is just on the China for China strategy. So if you look into global footprint and versus your peers, clearly, you guys are are really well positioned from the ability to to serve different geographies. With different capacity. But maybe just one on your your China facility. If if you were to look at demand that is coming from China specifically, can you meet all of that demand with your China facility in country? Or could you help me just understand how much of that demand you can meet with that facility? Is that something that you could entirely support with your footprint there?
Haviv Ilan: Yeah. Let me you know, I think I said before that I think customers they don't ask for domestic manufacturing plan. They they ask us for, you know, dependable capacity footprint. And that's what we have, you know. Look. The the tariff could change three more times in the next two weeks. Okay? And that's something that we can't forecast and also know our customers. But I will say that when we look at our footprint, of manufacturing between the US and between Asia and Europe, and also look at the at the work we do with our external partners and foundries, I we are well positioned. The issue is not on the capacity size. The issue is how quickly you can get your logistics and also the cycle time of starting new wafers, landing at customers to optimize you know, the cost of the supply. I think TI is very, very well preferred for that. So when you have a part that is already running on the board and it's already qualified and all all you need to do is right now ship it, you know, instead of from Dallas from Japan, that's not a big deal. Okay? It it works in the system. It is dual qualified. It's just a matter of cycle time of starting wafers and and getting these supply in front of our customers. So that's the kind of of, you know, challenges we deal with. It is going well. Our team is working twenty four seven on it, and I'm very pleased with our reaction time and the urgency that the team is showing. I will say on the China supply in general, you know, we have a distant pub in it's a decent pub in China. We also have a large AT. Facility over there. And in general, I think the footprint that TI has is very, very it's a good answer. To what our customers in China is, but beyond that, you know, what our customers need worldwide. You know, follow-up time.
Thomas O'Malley: Yes. Super helpful. This may be a silly question, but I just wanna understand too because in your filings, you talk about front end and back end manufacturing at your different facilities. You're doing production, of a certain chip in a geography, is the back end always associated with that same foundry? Or are you shipping that to different places before it meets the end the end customer? Okay. Where is the back end done? Is it pretty much aligned with your foundry footprint just because they're listed similarly in the filing? Just want to understand a little better.
Haviv Ilan: The short answer is no, but I'll let Rafael we have full flexibility, but Rafael, maybe you can comment. Yeah. No. So there's almost unlimited amount of permutations of how this the fabs and the eight t's and in between bump and probe, if you will. That happens. So a fab can be a wafer can be fabbed in the United States and then be assembled and tested be assembled in in Malaysia and then tested in Taiwan, for example. So it's not all in one geography. And some of that, by the way, can be changed immediately. Some of that can take time, but but a lot of that is actually can be moved pretty quickly. Yeah. I think the most important point is there are things that all can happen immediately, and the things that have take a little bit of a longer time. So if if you think about them in order of of the the easiest thing to do is just to to route and that's the logistic comment I have. I had to route the right path to the right path That's an IT thing. Again, we are not we are a massive supplier. Okay? We we run well above ten billion units a year sorry, a quarter to our customers. So that's not something you could do manually in an Excel sheet. Right? So logistics and IT has to be put together and we are. The second thing that you are doing is just on the on the AT. You know, AT is a very easy permutation to Rafael's point, and it's very simple to take a wafer from a certain fab and run it in quickly. On a new assembly and test factory just because the cycle time is lower. And, of course, there is a when we go to the the base layer of the chip, the chip just has longer cycle time and this is where we are are gathering information from our customers we so we can solve their their problems as soon as possible. Next time. Let's move on to the next caller, please. Hey,
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question. Great. Thanks for taking my question. I wonder if you could talk to us about the breakup between in growth between pricing and volume, specifically as it relates to tariffs Was there anything that helped for example, this new tariff, you're passing the price along, and so you see some price benefit either in the Q1 results or in the Q2 guidance. Anything that we can quantify?
Haviv Ilan: No. I can I can that's an easy answer? It's it's based on just skipping more volume to customers. That's what we're seeing, the recovery of the cycle. Have a follow-up, Will.
William Stein: I I I wonder if you could give us an update on the competition in China. I think that you know, some people have observed greater competition there. One of your somewhat smaller competitors in analog and and embedded for similar product profile, perhaps a bit more narrow, but similar product profile. Talked about you know, no longer competing in standard products in China and instead through selling dice and having customers you know, assemble, test, support, etcetera, which seems like a strange approach, but they said that the Chinese are becoming more intense or more capable competitors now. And I wonder if you could update that update us relative to what you see. Thank you.
Haviv Ilan: Yeah. Thanks for the question. This is something that we've been watching, as you know, for years. This is not a 2025 phenomenon. And as I said before and we said many times, the competition in China is intensifying And by the way and I was in China just last quarter. Okay? No discussion on on on trade. It was all about supply and, you know, expanding positions on board and designing. So just a regular visit across more than twenty customers. And in general, the competition is intensifying across the board. It's in general purpose, but it's also in a more application specific will tell you our largest competitor on on a seventy seven gigahertz chip in China is a it's a Chinese you know, competitor. That's where we fight and that's where we and I won't call that a general purpose part. Okay? That's a very, very unique large die size for chains of transmit and receive running at very high frequency This is not a general purpose, but very application specific, very complex. And we are not surprised. We've seen there's those folks working for more than five years and just very, very good companies and very aggressive, very urgent, moving fast, And I like to call it our conditioning room because that's where you can strengthen your muscle. Your muscle of competitiveness, of urgency, China is the best landscape to do that. I think we can compete on both. Even now and especially now when we we we show the scale and power of TI, we have a lot of options for our customers, not only the breadth of the product, the high level quality, The number one discussion point I had in a quarter ago is about supply. And the fact that we had inventory and we we have capacity. Is super important for our customer. They are feeling they they are always the Chinese or the China market is always a little bit ahead ahead in the phase of of any cycle, any recovery. We saw it on the way up in COVID and the way down and now we see it on the way up. They always, like, almost the the the early indicator. And that was the discussion. It was all about how can we get more quicker and also a lot of thanks to the level of support of TI simply having inventory for them ready to go with very short lead time. So that would be my high level comment on on the competition. I think we need to assume that the competition will continue to intensify. I will say that our competitive advantages at especially on the breadth of the portfolio, expect that we can solve many problems on the board. You can solve it with one company rather than with twenty. And the fact that we have this diverse supply chain or diverse manufacturing plan, which is geopolitically dependable for their China business, but also for their export business is super important. I think it will continue to stay important. At this time.
Mike Beckman: Okay. We'll we'll move on to our last caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions. Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk about the the share repurchases in the quarter. They I saw that that the six hundred million plus number. You know, you've got a a billion seven of trailing free cash five billion dollar dividend. I know the free cash is getting better, but can you just talk about know, what drives the timing of your buybacks and, you know, how much know, are you willing to take on more debt to buy back more. Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. You know, our our objective when it comes to to buybacks and in general, just cash return is to return all free cash flow via dividends and and repurchases But you gotta recognize that there's times to to build and drain cash So if you look at our our cash balance, for example, we're at a very comfortable five billion dollars and their balance sheet is really strong with that. But a year ago, it was at ten billion dollars and that's because we had so much more of our CapEx ahead of us. Right now, we're at seventy percent we're seventy percent through the the elevated investment. So we're in the approaching the last innings of of the elevated CapEx period. So we felt more comfortable operating at lower levels of cash. But, you know, having five billion dollars of cash will still give you supply in the room. And and on your question on debt, we've taken that before We still have plenty of room on our balance sheet to take on more debt as it makes sense. When it makes sense. Jody, do you have a follow-up?
Joe Moore: Yeah. I do. And and thank you for that. I guess with regards to the Chinese tariffs, you know, I've talked to some of the customers and people don't seem to have clarity on what exactly the tariff rate is, and yet I think tariff is already being charged. Like, it have clarity on that? Are people immediately paying those tariffs? You know, is there is there just any way to sort of tell how much impact there is, or is that something where the actual tariff is kinda calculated later? Just just what are the mechanics of this being implemented so rapidly?
Mike Beckman: Yeah. Thanks for the question. And I'd first start with, you know, and reiterate that there's a lot changing, it's a dynamic environment. And our customers are looking at their supply chains and they're working and we're working with them to understand and and help support their needs. And as as you've mentioned, we have the flexibility to to navigate, you know, those evolving dynamics. And in terms of of how that who pays that or really the question is are you able to be competitive? And with our competitive advantages, the flexibility that we have, our geopolitically dependable footprint, we do have the ability to be competitive and to to support our customers where they are.
Haviv Ilan: Avi, do you have anything else? Just just a last point on this, Joe. And if you will, we need we just need to let the quarter play out and so many things can change in the next few weeks. And I actually expect an to change. Right? So it's very hard to to to answer the question. I will just say that the way we learn about what our customers need is through their through their orders, through their backlog, and of course, if we see a change, we we will be if we would see a change, we will let you know. But that's the only way for us to gauge demand is what our customers are asking us to do. And I our objective is to serve them, sell them well at high quality, and deliver the product want, not only right now in second quarter, but also towards the second half of the year and also next year. Okay. So with that, let me wrap up with what we've said previously at our call. We are engineers. And technology is the foundation of our company. But ultimately our objective and best metric to measure progress and generate value for our owners is the long term growth of free cash flow per share. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call. Congratulations to Dave, and have a great evening. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your line at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-23 16:30:00) =====
Dave Pahl: Welcome to the Texas Instruments Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Dave Pahl, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Haviv Ilan, and our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. In addition, today's call is being recorded and will be available via replay on our website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. I would like to provide some information that's important for your calendars. On Tuesday, February 4, at 10 a.m. Central Time, we will have our Capital Management call. Similar to what we've done in the past, Haviv, Rafael and I will share our approach to capital allocation and summarize our progress as we prepare for the opportunity ahead. Moving on, today, we'll provide the following updates. First, Haviv will start with a quick overview of the quarter. Next, he will provide insight into fourth quarter revenue results, with some details of what we are seeing with respect to our end markets. Haviv will then provide the annual summary of revenue breakout by end market. And lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results and our guidance for first quarter 2025. With that, let me turn it over to Haviv.
Haviv Ilan: Thanks, Dave. Let me start with a quick overview of the fourth quarter. Revenue was $4 billion, a decrease of 3% sequentially and 2% from the same quarter a year ago. Analog revenue grew 2% year-over-year after eight quarters of decline. Embedded Processing declined 18% and our Other segment grew from the year-ago quarter. Now, I'll provide some insight into our fourth quarter revenue by end market. Our overall results reflect the performance from our two largest markets, industrial and automotive, which saw modest sequential declines. Similar to last quarter, I'll focus on sequential performance, as it is more informative at this time. First, the industrial market was down low-single-digits. The automotive market was down mid-single-digits. Personal electronics grew mid-single-digits. Next, enterprise systems declined low-single-digits. And lastly, communications equipment grew upper-single-digits. In addition, as we do at the end of each calendar year, I'll describe our revenue by end market. As a percentage of revenue for 2024, industrial was 34%; automotive, 35%; personal electronics, 20%; enterprise systems, 5%; communications equipment, 4%; and other was 2%. In 2024, industrial and automotive combined made up about 70% of TI's revenue, up from 42% in 2013. We see good opportunities in all of our markets, but we place additional strategic emphasis on industrial and automotive. Our customers across all regions are increasingly turning to analog and embedded technology to make their end products more reliable, more affordable and lower in power. This drives growing chip content per application, or secular content growth, which will likely continue to drive faster growth in industrial and automotive. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Haviv, and good afternoon, everyone. As Haviv mentioned, fourth quarter revenue was $4 billion. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.3 billion, or 58% of revenue. Sequentially, gross profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue, higher depreciation and reduced factory loadings. Gross profit margin decreased 190 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $937 million, up 4% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were $3.8 billion, or 24% of revenue. Operating profit was $1.4 billion in the quarter, or 34% of revenue, and profit was down 10% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the fourth quarter was $1.2 billion, or $1.30 per share. Earnings per share included a $0.02 benefit for items that were not in our original guidance. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $2 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $1.2 billion in the quarter. In the quarter, we paid $1.2 billion in dividends and repurchased $537 million of our stock. We also increased our dividend per share by 5% in the fourth quarter, marking our 21st consecutive year of dividend increases. In total, we have returned $5.7 billion in the past 12 months to owners. Our balance sheet remains strong with $7.6 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the fourth quarter. Total debt outstanding was $13.7 billion, with a weighted average coupon of 3.79%. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $4.5 billion, up $231 million from the prior quarter, and days were 241, up 10 days sequentially. Now, let's look at some of these results for the year. In 2024, cash flow from operations was $6.3 billion, and capital expenditures were $4.8 billion, as expected. We are nearly 70% through a six-year elevated CapEx cycle that, once complete, will uniquely position TI to deliver dependable, low-cost 300-millimeter capacity at scale to meet customer demand. Free cash flow for 2024 was $1.5 billion, or 10% of revenue. Our free cash flow reflects the strength of our business model as well as our decisions to invest in 300-millimeter manufacturing assets and inventory to support our overall objective to maximize long-term free cash flow per share, which we believe is the primary driver of long-term value. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.74 billion to $4.06 billion, and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.94 to $1.16. Based on current tax law, we now expect our effective tax rate for 2025 to be about 12%. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, a broad product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you so much for taking the question. First one for Haviv. You're guiding Q1 revenue down, I think, 2% to 3% sequentially. I was hoping you could maybe provide some color by end market, what you're seeing on a sequential basis? You guys were quite helpful last quarter diving deep into automotive, what you're seeing in China, et cetera, et cetera. So, any color, any standouts to the upside or downside relative to what's typical seasonality would be very helpful. Thank you.
Haviv Ilan: Okay. Thanks, Toshiya. So, again, for Q1, as you said, about 3%, I think, sequential, which is I would describe it as a seasonal decline for Q1. I will say that typically in Q1, what we do see is the personal electronics market would usually show quite a significant decline, just seasonality. And we did have a pretty decent Q4 for PE. So, I think that's what we expect there. And typically also, if you look at the markets like automotive, industrial, the decline should be less pronounced there. So, that's kind of my expectation. Nothing specific that I would add on markets. I will provide a little bit more color on Q4, especially in our two main markets, industrial and automotive. I think, again, they behave similarly like the overall company in Q4 and also similar to what we've seen in Q3, but maybe with some little bit small changes. So, if I start with the industrial market, as I described, I think, during the last call, most of the sectors that are kind of hovering at the bottom, maybe found the bottom, and then there are a couple of sectors that are still showing larger declines, especially industrial automation and the energy infrastructure market that still not found, I believe, the bottom. We'll have to see what the first half of '25 has planned for that. And on the automotive market, similar to Q3, we did see kind of a pretty significant weakness, maybe outside of China. So, it declined about mid-single-digit, about 5% sequentially, but China did grow, but not enough to offset the declines in Europe, the US and Japan, which is very -- it was kind of similar to what we've seen in Q3, but maybe the growth in China was less pronounced and decline outside of China was more pronounced. That would be my high-level summary for Q4 and a little bit for Q1.
Dave Pahl: You have a follow-up, Toshiya?
Toshiya Hari: I do, Dave. Thanks so much. The earnings outlook for Q1, Haviv, there's a pretty significant drop off on a sequential basis for a 2% to 3% decline in revenue. I was hoping you could kind of provide some context there. Is it primarily gross margin and behind that is it continued under loadings, increase in depreciation, some of the same dynamics we saw over the past 12 months, or is it higher OpEx, anything below the line? Any sort of additional color on sort of the drop off in EPS for Q4 to Q1, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Haviv Ilan: Sure. I think I covered revenue. Rafael, maybe you cover the other part there.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, happy to. Okay. So, maybe let me start with GPM, and then I'll go to OpEx, and then I'll go to the other income line, which is relevant this time. So, on gross margins, keep in mind that depreciation is increasing, first of all. Second -- well, revenue is decreasing; that has an impact. Then, depreciation is increasing. And then, we are -- in order to manage inventory, we are reducing factory loadings. We've reduced some of that in fourth quarter, but we're going to reduce those further in first quarter. So, I do expect GPM percent to decrease probably a few hundred basis points fourth quarter to first quarter. Then, let me comment on OpEx. OpEx will increase 3% to 5% fourth to first, and that's kind of normal seasonal increases that happened in first quarter on OpEx in addition to the overall increases in investments that we're making. Beyond that, this time, it's relevant that interest income is decreasing by about $50 million. The reason that is happening is short-term interest rates are decreasing, and that's where we invest our cash. And our cash on the balance sheet, cash levels are also decreasing. So, a combination of lower interest rates and lower cash gives you a significant drop in other income. So that's -- in this case, about $50 million less fourth going to first.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you, Toshiya. Yeah, we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Caso: Yes. Thank you. I guess first question will be with regard to the Embedded business. And we're seeing a sharp divergence there between those two businesses, particularly on the margin side. Can you give some explanation of what's going on between the Analog and the Embedded businesses, and is the reason for the decline in the Embedded margins?
Haviv Ilan: So, Chris, let me just say a few words on the revenue side and I'll let Rafael talk about the margins over there. So, again, Embedded and Analog a little bit like many of the phenomena we see regarding market geographies, we are seeing asynchronous behavior between these two markets. As you remember, Embedded -- our Embedded business grew in 2023, while our Analog business in '23 declined double digits. So, we saw a later [peak] (ph), about a year later on Embedded. That's the reason we see a sharper decline in Embedded right now while Analog in Q4 actually grew. So, I think Analog is about a year maybe ahead on Embedded in terms of the cyclical behavior. Regarding profitability, Rafael, I'm sure it's related to LFAB, but you go.
Rafael Lizardi: That's absolutely right. Yeah. So, the profitability, Embedded, first, is revenue. As revenue drops, that clearly has an impact on profitability. But the second part that is different than Analog is that Embedded is taking a disproportionate impact due to LFAB, the Lehi factory in Utah, because that factory, while it's going to serve both Embedded -- and it's serving both Embedded and Analog, but it disproportionately serves Embedded. And since it's underutilized right now, it takes that hit from that underutilization. The factory loading affects Embedded disproportionately.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Chris Caso: Yes, got it. That's helpful. I guess, the follow-up question would be, some update on what's going on in China right now? You had spoken about, I guess, the auto business again is stronger there. Perhaps you could talk about the rest of the business that you're seeing in China, the industrial business for example. And we know that you've been taking some actions to kind of take back some of the share that you may have lost when your lead times were longer. Could you give us an update on that, and how that may be affecting some numbers in the near term?
Haviv Ilan: Sure. So, first, high level, our China business in Q4 did grow both sequentially, but also year-over-year. I think it was mid-teens or in that area for the entire China business. I think the automotive, in fact, we talked about it last quarter, we're seeing the same phenomena, meaning customers are continuing to do well. And there is a bigger share for the EV vehicle type in China, which has higher content. So, secular growth is helping us in China on the automotive side. But you also see and I think we mentioned it also in the previous calls that we had some supply limitations during the up cycle in China and the personal electronics market was one of the main markets that suffered when we were short. We are seeing this market growing in China. It grew sequentially again nicely in the Q3, but also year-over-year, that market grew significantly in China and also in the US. These are the main markets that we have our personal electronics businesses. So, overall -- again, overall, business in China right now is healthy. You asked about industrial. We haven't seen yet the start of the cyclical growth again in industrial across all of our geographies. So, China here is not an outlier. The strength is coming mainly from, I would say, automotive and from personal electronics.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Let me just add a little color. The US, China and the rest of Asia, it's really more flat, I'd describe it, sequentially. Europe and Japan were down low-double-digits. As Haviv mentioned, if you look year-on-year, you see the US and China up kind of 12%, 14% in that range, and that growth was offset overall by declines in the other regions.
Haviv Ilan: Yeah.
Dave Pahl: Great. Okay.
Chris Caso: Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Chris. And we'll go to the next caller, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I want to ask about the pricing environment in general. You didn't mention that Rafael or Haviv in any of your discussions about gross margin or the competitive environment or any of the sequential weakness. But just wondered if that has changed in any meaningful way, either Analog versus Embedded or in certain geographies. Just any update on that front will be helpful.
Haviv Ilan: Yeah. In high-level, the pricing environment does not -- we've not seen any change in Q4 versus what we've seen in 2024. I think we've expected, I think, we said in the beginning of 2024 that pricing would go back to previous behavior pre-COVID, where pricing would decline low-single-digits, like for like parts per year and that's what it did in 2024 as the year ended. Of course, I think I did provide some color on revenue by market, that mix has changed, right? So, the selling price, if you will, has changed, because industrial in 2023 was 40% of revenue, it declined to 34% in 24%, and the PE market grew from 15% in 2023 to 20% in 2024 and that is a big change of mix, if you will. That's what we have seen. But the like-for-like parts has behaved as expected and I'm not expecting that to be different in 2025 and that's a comment across all geographies.
Dave Pahl: You have a follow-on, Ross?
Ross Seymore: Yeah, I do. A little bit of a longer-term question maybe for Haviv. Historically, the company has talked about share gains and losses in your markets being measured in basis points, I think 15 basis points, 20 basis points, 25 basis points a year, given the fragmented nature of it was kind of what you would aspire to. It can of course go down or up, I guess, for kind of [idio-reasons] (ph), supply shocks, those sorts of things. But now that you have the supply, it seems like the world has plenty of supply, is there any reason that that historical share gain pace would be any different going forward?
Haviv Ilan: Again, when we talk about share down or up, I think the only way to really measure it is over the long-term. That's always been our approach. That's the way we run the company. That's the way we behave, right? So, TI, yes, there was a lot of, I would say, a shockwave almost during COVID. It was not only supply/demand mismatch, but behavior of customers and almost anxiety of needing parts. So, I think inventory was built and I think it's still playing out. I wouldn't say that this [asynchronous] (ph) behavior across markets is done. We see it still across sectors in industrial, we see it differently between geographies, we even see it internally between our Embedded business and Analog business. So, it's one of these things that, and I kind of hate to say it, but time will tell where we are. I am excited about the fact that now we have the right inventory level, the right supply to support growth. I'm encouraged about our progress in the analog market. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we did grow the Analog business from a year-over-year perspective in Q4. It was a couple of points of growth, but after about eight quarters of decline, and I think we -- I look forward to continue to grow that business, especially when you think about the longer-term. And most importantly, the secular growth in the market that we've mentioned, industrial and automotive, I'm convinced that it's there. I'm convinced that our product portfolio is improving and strengthening, and we will have the right level of capacity and inventory to support our customers. So obviously, expectation that I have for the team is that TI will continue to compete for market share and grow it.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you, Ross. We'll go to next caller, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks guys. Hey, Haviv, I guess just a little bit of a drill down on the end markets. How would you expect things to sort of play out this year? Maybe talk about where you would expect relative strength or not strength by the end markets? And have you seen would you say you've seen any change in business conditions over the last three months like better, worse or not really?
Haviv Ilan: Chris, as I think I told you last time we met, we call it when we see it, meaning I can tell you what happened. It's very hard for us to tell you exactly what will happen. Even for this quarter, I think I mentioned even during the last call, lead times are short, customers are coming real time for demand, and our turn business or what we call aging is running high right now simply because customers are always waiting for the last second before they make the order and we fulfill it because we do have the right level of inventory, and of course, capacity to support further growth. I will say that I think that some of the markets and we've seen it through 2024, they are already on the cyclical upturn. We saw it in PE, then enterprise, really driven by data center joint and we are seeing nice growth over there. And even communication business, I would say that I think it found the bottom. We saw it somewhere in, I think, in Q1 of '24 and grew sequentially since then and even returned to year-over-year growth in Q4. So, these three markets, I think they are on the upturn. And I don't think that I expect at least that if nothing major changes to continue into 2025. The big question for us is also 75% of our business or 70% of our business in 2024 is industrial and automotive. And here, we haven't seen the bottom yet. Let's be very clear about that. We're seeing points of strength. I've given China as an example, but we'll have to see how the year play out. I do believe that this on the industrial side that there is kind of -- as I said last time, kind of this hovering at a low level. It's a great position to grow from, but we'll just have to wait and see when it wants to do it, Chris. And of course, when we see it, we'll say it.
Dave Pahl: Any following, Chris?
Chris Danely: Sure. Just quickly on Embedded. So, it looks like you guys have the lowest margins there in, I think, over a decade or something like that. Does something need to be changed or restructured there to get Embedded back to an adequate level of margins? Or maybe talk about what needs to be done to get it to some sort of an appreciable level of margin?
Haviv Ilan: Yeah, let me take a quick high-level answer, Chris, and Rafael will give a little bit more what's going on there. I think you're seeing a business in transition, Chris. I am getting -- I'm growing more excited about Embedded every quarter. I think, our portfolio is strengthening and we are winning business. We are going through a transition, especially on the manufacturing side, and that puts pressure on the margins. But we are convinced that strategically Embedded is going to be a great contributor to free cash flow per share. And so, the short answer to your question about restructuring or anything, the answer is no. Rafael, maybe you can provide some more color what's going on there.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. No, I'll just add similar to what I said in a few calls -- a few questions ago. One is the revenue is the main factor. As Haviv talked about earlier in the call, Embedded has seen a sharp decline because it took longer to get into the downturn than Analog did, but if you look at [pick to drop] (ph), they're about the same place, Analog and Embedded. And then, the other reason is LFAB, right? So, Embedded is taking disproportionate amount of the impact from having LFAB underutilized. But let me stress, just like that takes away, it gives it to you on the other end. So, when we ramp -- as we ramp LFAB and as we move from external to internal, you're really going to like the fall-through both to GPM, but even better to free cash flow as we do that. So, Embedded is that -- Haviv said, it's in transition. And when we're on the other side, we're going to like the results.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Chris. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. One of the metrics we look at to gauge the health of the cycle is the number of customer pushouts, cancellations, rescheduling of the backlog relative to prior quarters or maybe big changes, right, on customer forecast inside of the quarter. Has this level activity remained at kind of normalized levels? And then, maybe on another metric we look at is turns orders. And I know, Haviv, you said it's at high levels, but is that coming in about as expected as well?
Haviv Ilan: Yeah, let me start with the second part of the question. I'll let Dave comment about the first part. So, look, we came in Q4 at the higher side of the range, close to the top of the range, that's all came -- that all came from, what we call the turns business. So, we didn't see that clog in the beginning of the quarter and it came in real time. So, we need to see that that continues into the beginning of next year -- of this year. Of course, there is Chinese New Year right now and we just have to see that it's not that -- it's a trend rather than anything that is a one-quarter phenomena. But the turns business looked very, very good in Q4.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. And Harlan, when you look at those other indicators like you brought up cancellations, we had seen those drop several quarters ago and they continue to be at very low levels. If you look at things like revenue linearity, revenue increase through the quarter, that's very typical for us to see that. And Haviv mentioned earlier, lead times remain short. We have availability of essentially all of our products that we sell via the web available for immediate shipment. So, customers can behave and have that confidence that they can get the product that we've got. Do you have a follow-on?
Harlan Sur: Yeah. Thank you. So, right before the capital management update back in August, I remember you had just received your preliminary CHIPS Act grant allocation, $1.6 billion. That number was solidified, I think, in December, and this was not contemplated in your free cash flow per share calculation. In the CHIPS Act press release, you guys articulated some of the milestones attached to those grant dollars. And it looks like actually many of those milestones are going to be executed in or before 2026. And that's $1.6 billion in grant dollars, that drives an incremental $1.75 of free cash flow per share versus sort of what you potentially laid out in your 2026 scenario analysis. So, have you mapped out that $1.6 billion in CHIPS Act grants over 2025, 2026? And maybe have an updated view on the potential better free cash flow per share profile for Texas Instruments?
Rafael Lizardi: So, let me try to answer that question. First, kind of bigger picture, as you alluded to, the Department of Commerce awarded us up to $1.6 billion in CHIPS Act funding. This will help support three of our new 300-millimeter wafer fabs under construction in Texas and Utah. This direct funding, coupled with the ITC, will help us provide a geopolitically dependable supply of Analog and Embedded Processing chips for years to come. Over the life of the -- maybe the most important point is over the life of the program between the ITC and the direct funding, we expect to receive $7.5 billion to $9.5 billion in total. We've received some of that already in 2024 and expect 2025 and beyond to continue. We don't have any specific details to share at this point on the cash payments related to the direct funding, but as those happens, we will share those.
Haviv Ilan: I would just add that the math is not incorrect, but the timing is the problem, right? So, I think, as you said, there is and we talked about free cash flow, so it also depends when we get the cash. We just don't have that visibility. The milestones are related, as we I think mentioned, to cleanroom construction and two installations in Sherman 1, which we are in the -- we started installing tools in the summer of '24 and that moved well. And the construction of SM2, the shell, which it's not done yet, but it's moving well. The other part is one in Utah, it's LFAB2. This is where we talk about cleanroom construction and tool installation for LFAB2. But we are now only now starting the groundwork over there, right? So, there is still quite a bit of execution in LFAB2 and we will see how that timing works as we continue to move forward on that execution.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me add one more thing. Just given that we have been officially awarded a $1.6 billion we already booked that on our balance sheet. So, we have $1.6 billion receivable. You can see that on the balance sheet. The other side of that, $1 billion of that decreased our net PP and E and because that's related to a factory that's already built. $0.6 billion of that is actually deferred liability because it's related to a factory that's not built. But the bottom line where I'm going is that this is already going to decrease our expected depreciation. So, with that, let me give you an update to depreciation. Depreciation for 2025, now you should expect $1.8 billion to $2 billion; that's slightly down from the previous expectation. And for 2026, we're keeping the range the same, $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion, but I'll tell you that we expect to be on the lower half of that range. That's the 2026 depreciation expectation, $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion to be at the lower end of that range.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you, Harlan. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of CJ Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed with your question.
CJ Muse: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I know you guys are loathe to talk beyond the quarter, but I was hoping you could give us a framework for thinking about gross margins beyond the March quarter. You just gave us the depreciation. That's very helpful. Would love to hear kind of your thoughts on what's optimal inventory and therefore planned utilization beyond March. And is March quarter kind of the low for gross margins and we should start tracking higher? Any thoughts there would be very helpful.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. No, happy to do that. It's going to be very similar to what I've said before, but it all starts with revenue. So, revenue is the number one driver of gross margin, both dollars and percent, going forward. You model your revenue, then you fold that through at 75% to 85%. And then, after you do that, then you have to adjust for depreciation increases. And I already gave you the depreciation numbers, so you can model that in the future. This works much better if you do full years and you do it over the long term rather than any given quarter. And on that, the other factor that you have is the factory loadings or underutilization. Right now, as I mentioned, we expect a hit from that in first quarter, but that just as it's a hit sometimes, it's a benefit when you go the other way. And -- but that depends on revenue expectations. So, if revenue materializes in the future and we expect that to continue, then we ramp up the factories and that helps with the loadings and that tends to take the 75% to 85% towards the high end of that range. If that doesn't happen, then you're looking at the lower end of that range.
Haviv Ilan: And the last note, and I think you touched it before, Rafael, is related to our execution. So, of course, revenue, we want to grow it and definitely, we want to do it faster than the market. That's always our objective. But on the other hand, it's that LFAB execution, right? We are executing our transition from our foundry business into Lehi. I expect that to have a step forward in 2025, especially as our automotive business, we have a bunch of products that are what we call -- they have a safety effect that usually the call is a little bit more complex, it just takes a little bit longer, but we are moving well on that execution. And again my expectation from the team is to meet our commitment to our customers and get these parts out of Lehi as they prefer that dependable capacity and for us, it's a way lower cost, and of course, helps as a byproduct on the margins as well.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, CJ?
CJ Muse: Yeah, just a quick one, Dave. Rafael, just to go back to kind of a loading question, if we do assume normal seasonal pattern for your top-line into Q2, Q3, should we assume that loadings would move higher in Q2?
Rafael Lizardi: We forecast one quarter at a time, so I'm going to stick with that. But I'll also say, maybe as you're alluding to, the more revenue we have, then -- let me put it this way. We're not planning -- $4.5 billion of inventory is a healthy level of inventory, and we would not want to be draining those levels at this point. So, maybe that gives you enough to think about.
CJ Muse: Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you, CJ. Yeah, we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Buchalter with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Buchalter: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question. I guess, I wanted to follow-up on the previous one. You mentioned not necessarily wanting to drain the inventory levels below the $4.5 billion levels. As we think about how you're thinking about 1Q though, like is this the level you're comfortable with and you're going to manage to the $4.5 billion? And, I guess, to ask more acutely, is there a near- to medium-term inventory target on a days basis that we should be thinking about? Because I know that's obviously evolved through the last several years. I'd be curious how you're thinking about it now as we sort of are [chipping] (ph) closer to end demand.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, first, let me give you the big picture, and then I'll give you some specifics. But big picture, inventory, the goal here, the objective is to maintain high levels of customer service while we minimize the obsolescence of inventory. We have target levels at the finished goods, at the chip level for the 80,000 parts that we sell in different end markets, and that is done in a very rigorous and disciplined way on a part by part basis. So that's how we look at it. And the risk of obsolescence on this part is very, very low. This part lasts for a long time. They sell to many, many customers for many, many years in very long life cycles. Now, to the specific that you have, given how we're running the factories right now, I would expect a further increase of inventory levels going into first quarter, but probably in the $100 million, $100 million-plus level, and then potentially stabilize at that point around that level.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, Josh?
Joshua Buchalter: Yeah, thank you for the color, Rafael. Yeah, to follow-up, I wanted to ask about, there were some earlier questions about competition, specifically in pricing. I guess, I wanted to ask bigger picture, not necessarily pricing related, but as some of your peers have sort of gotten through and lapped and are no longer shipping to [NCRS or LTSAs] (ph), have you noticed a change in the competitive backdrop on the number of sockets that are open for competition? I'd be curious to hear about if there's any change competitively over the last couple of quarters. Thank you.
Haviv Ilan: Yeah. I haven't seen a significant change. It feels the same to me, kind of stable. I mean, it's -- we are in a down cycle and I remember throughout my career, every time there is a down cycle, the market gets more competitive and it's still the same now. And that's again across all markets, all geographies, but I haven't seen any significant change in the last couple of quarters to your direct question.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Josh. And we've got time for one last caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Thomas O'Malley with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas O'Malley: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. This is for Haviv or Rafael. Just at the Capital Management Day, you guys highlighted different CapEx ranges depending on kind of different revenue CAGRs. And I know the intention there wasn't to guide revenue, but you just updated us on depreciation in response to just the ITC and some of the grants as well. Is the depreciation being at the lower end entirely a function or the updated guide that you're giving today entirely a function of those tax credits and grants, or is that a function of potentially lower CapEx as well?
Rafael Lizardi: It is not a function of lower CapEx. We continue to expect CapEx for 2025 to be $5 billion. And in 2026, as we said at the last call, between $2 billion to $5 billion depending on further expectations, and we'll have more clarity on that in the second half of the year.
Haviv Ilan: Yeah. And again, I will add, this is not -- I mean, as we said in August, our plan is still -- we like the plan. We're going to be very disciplined executing it. We always look at the environment and what's going on, but based on what I see right now, you shouldn't expect the plan to change in terms of our Phase 1, Phase 2 as I described. Phase 1 is serving us very well. This is how we move revenue from external foundries into our LFAB factory in Utah. And also, on the analog side, we want most of our parts running on 300 rather than, for example, 6-inches fab that we are shutting down, and that's going well. The Phase 2 is very important for our future. So, we are going to complete the qualification line in Sherman 1, we are going to set the shell or build the shell in Sherman 2, and also build the shell in Lehi, so it can give us this flexible capacity phase that we are so excited about and so are the customers. Once they engage with us, they fully understand that not only they will have enough cleanroom capacity to grow into, but also the qualification is going to be behind them. So, the parts are already running, for example, in Sherman or in Lehi and that gives them a very, very easy path to grow their business with us without having to go through a recall and new fabs or new suppliers. So, I think that then serves our customers well, and we will continue to execute to it. And as you said, the slides in August and I will probably see a very similar story in a couple of weeks is that we want to say that we have a plan, but we do always have flexibility into the plan, especially in 2026 and 2027.
Dave Pahl: Great. Tom, you got a follow-up?
Thomas O'Malley: I do. Thanks for all the detail there. Last one of the call, so broader, and hate to end it on this, but I just wanted to give you a chance to respond. So, article is out on a China statement talking about dumping product in that market. I think there's an ongoing debate just around the sustainability of China longer-term. I guess part of this question is, can you just address what you've seen in the public there? And then, kind of as a derivative of that, you're obviously growing year-over-year in China. You're seeing strength in China auto. You highlighted that. But outside of that, are you seeing any change in the dynamic there in terms of your ability to [ship] (ph) product competition, just addressing the whole debate? Thank you.
Haviv Ilan: Yeah. And again, I'll probably not settle the debate. I'll just tell you what we see and I'll start with the high level on China. It's an important market. China represents 20% more or less of world GDP and you want to play in that market. By the way, our business in 2024 in China was at about 20%. So, we are kind of not over or under penetrated in China, it's kind of just right at 20%. And our commitment is to our customers. Our customers in China, they rely on our parts, they want to have the best products, they want to have the highest quality, they want to get best service, and TI is a good supplier. And on top of it, their ambition is to be global players, right? So, maybe, they are part of the headquarters in China, but they want to sell their end equipment to any geography. And in that sense, TI is a great supplier because we are a global player. We have a diverse footprint of manufacturing and support structure, and that's a great fit for their needs. Now, as you know and I think this is not news, the China end market has always been competitive and is continuing to be. We know that they are very capable, motivated, fast moving competition, but I think the competitive advantages of TI allows us to compete whether it's our broad portfolio, the reach of the channel and also our position in industrial and automotive customers value that and want to continue to do business with TI and we want to compete and that's really the fact that we own our manufacturing, own our technology. I think we have the right cost structure to compete across our entire portfolio, whether it's low AUP general purpose parts or very integrated sophisticated ASSPs that are tailored for a specific application. We don't need to sub select. We want to compete across our portfolio and our customers there appreciate that and I continue to see that. Specifically to your question, at this time, we haven't been notified about an investigation and it's kind of business as usual between us and our customers in China.
Dave Pahl: That's great. Thank you. Thank you for asking that question, Tom. And thank you everyone else for joining us tonight. We look forward to sharing our Capital Management call on Tuesday, February 4 at 10 a.m. Central Time. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website. Good evening.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-22 16:30:00) =====
Dave Pahl: Welcome to the Texas Instruments Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Dave Paul, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Haviv Ilan; and our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. In addition, today's call is being recorded and will be available via replay on our website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Today, we'll provide the following updates. First, Haviv will start with a quick overview of the quarter. Next, he'll provide insight into third-quarter revenue results with some details of what we're seeing with respect to our end markets. And lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results and give an update on our capital management, as well as share the guidance for the fourth quarter of 2024. With that, let me turn it over to Haviv.
Haviv Ilan: Thanks, Dave. Let me start with a quick overview of the third quarter. Revenue in the quarter came in about as expected at $4.2 billion, an increase of 9% sequentially and a decrease of 8% year-over-year. Analog revenue declined 4% year-over-year and embedded processing declined 27%. Our other segment declined 5% from the year-ago quarter. Now, I'll provide some insight into our third quarter revenue by end-market. Our results continue to reflect the asynchronous market behavior that we've seen throughout this cycle. Similar to last quarter, I'll focus on sequential performance as it is more informative at this time. First, the industrial market was down low-single digits as customers continue to reduce their inventory levels. The automotive market increased upper single digit, primarily due to strength in China. Personal Electronics grew about 30%, Enterprise Systems was up about 20%, and Communication Equipment was up about 25% as the cyclical recovery continued in these three markets. With that, let me turn it over to Rafael to review profitability, capital management, and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Haviv, and good afternoon, everyone. As Haviv mentioned, third-quarter revenue was $4.2 billion. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.5 billion or 60% of revenue. Sequentially, gross profit margin increased 180 basis points, primarily due to higher revenue. Operating expenses in the quarter were $920 million, about flat from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were $3.7 billion or 24% of revenue. Operating profit was $1.6 billion in the quarter or 37% of revenue and was down 18% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the quarter was $1.4 billion or $1.47 per share. Earnings per share included a $0.03 benefit for items that were not in our original guidance. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.7 billion in the quarter and $6.2 billion on a trailing 12-month basis. Capital expenditures were $1.3 billion in the quarter and $4.8 billion over the last 12 months. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $1.5 billion. As a reminder, free cash flow includes benefits from the CHIPS Act investment tax credit, which was $220 million in third quarter and $532 million on a trailing 12 month basis. In the quarter, we paid $1.2 billion in dividends and repurchased $318 million of our stock. In September, we announced we would increase our dividend by 5%, marking our 21st consecutive year of dividend increases. This reflects our continued commitment to return free cash flow to our owners over time. In total, we returned $5.2 billion to our owners in the past 12 months. Our balance sheet remains strong with $8.8 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the third quarter. Total debt outstanding is $14 billion with a weighted average coupon of 3.8%. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $4.3 billion, up $190 million from the prior quarter and days were 231, up two days sequentially. For the fourth quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.7 billion to $4 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.07 to $1.29. We continue to expect our effective tax rate to be about 13% in the fourth quarter. As you're looking at 2025, based on current tax law, we would expect our effective tax rate to remain about the same. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, a broad product portfolio, reach of our channels and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for a follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I guess the first question is, autos grew, I think, that was a little bit of a surprise to a lot of us. Can you talk about what's going on there? You did cite China. But did orders weaken late in the quarter at all? I mean, we saw pretty much every automaker negative pre-announced. So can you talk about maybe what you're seeing in autos and maybe if you can provide a little commentary for December what the outlook is there? Is it sort of anything you'd call out in December in terms of end markets?
Haviv Ilan: Okay, Tim, let me start with that. This is Haviv. So regarding the automotive market, yes, it did grow. We said high-single digits, around between 7% and 8%. And that was really driven -- most of the growth came from our business in China. I think I've mentioned also in the second quarter, we saw strength in China and automotive drove that growth as well. It kind of recurred in the third quarter. Just to give you some high-level numbers, it grew 20% in Q2, and another 20% in Q3. I think it's not a surprise that there is momentum for EVs in China. Our content is growing there. And that's what really drove the growth in the third quarter. I expect that to, I mean that -- I think this is not the one-quarter thing. I think there is growing momentum there. Our automotive revenue in China is in an all-new-time high. So, I don't think that goes down in the near future. Now, the rest of the automotive market is different, okay? We are seeing a continued weakness over there. That revenue picked in the third quarter of 2023, and in general, trended down. If I put China aside, it had a quick correction in Q1 -- Q4 and Q1. The rest of the markets, I see a continued weakness. I think that's part of our, call it, seasonal forecast for Q4.
Dave Pahl: Do you have follow-on Tim?
Timothy Arcuri: I do, yes. Rafael, so if I look at the guidance, OpEx is usually, I think, down low- to mid-single-digits for December. So if you assume even down mid-singles, you get gross margin sort of in the mid-50s. It's down like 200 basis points stripping out depreciation. So that's a pretty big decline. So I guess, are you taking down loadings in December? I do see that finished goods was up a lot. So if you can talk about that. Thanks.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So a couple of things in your question. So let me try to address them. OpEx, nothing unusual, but we do probably expect to -- expect it to be flat to slightly up. So consider that. As far as the fourth quarter, with revenue at the midpoint decreasing, that takes a hit on margins, of course. So we would expect -- we do expect gross margins to be down and also depreciation will continue to increase. And in fact, in October, we began depreciating the building and the clean room for SM1. So that continues to put -- that's going to put even more upward pressure on depreciation in fourth quarter.
Dave Pahl: Thank you. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Haviv, you -- so first, thanks for providing the end-market commentary. I think you mentioned personnel electronic demand went up, I think 30% sequentially is what I recall, it was up mid-teens in Q2 also. How do we square your strength in personnel electronics with the more kind of sluggish demand that we see for PCs and phones? Is it something outside of those areas or are those areas doing better? Just what do you attribute this strength in personal electronics? Are you thinking the market just kind of bottomed from a cyclical perspective?
Haviv Ilan: Yes. I think that's a great question. Let me just walk through what we've seen over the last, even couple of years. So I mean that revenue in the personal electronics market, it peaked in the third quarter of 2021. By the way, the third quarter is typically our peak quarter every year. There is a seasonality strength in every third quarter for PE. And it roughed in the first quarter of 2023. Since then, we have seen continuous improvement. But I will say, Vivek, that when I look at our third quarter of 2024, it's still running at a lower level than the peak. It's running about 20% lower than the 2021 peak. So there is still room to grow. And in our case, as I think I've mentioned in some of the calls, when we were short in with the supply capacity back in 2021, 2022, where we had to take some calls where it was to bias our supply towards industrial and automotive. The personal electronics has a shorter design cycles. We said we'll go attack that once the capacity and inventory are back in place. That's the case right now. So I think we are coming off of a very low trough, plus again having the right part to go back and win sockets that we couldn't sell before. So that's what I'm seeing right now. In terms of specifically into the third quarter, I think growth was across all the sectors or most of the sectors, the main ones are phones and notebook PCs. But in general, the third quarter, as I've said, is a typical strong quarter for PE.
Dave Pahl: Do you have follow up, Vivek?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thank you, Dave. So bigger picture question, Haviv, is on in the last few calls, there has been a suggestion that perhaps by calendar 2026, TI will conceptually be closed, if not more than what you were in calendar 2022. And people have kind of rightly then pushed back and said, well, that requires mid-teens sales growth in the next two years, well above the trend line. At what point do you think you will start to see those above seasonal quarters to help us get to that above-trend growth for the next two years. So I understand you're not giving guidance, but what are you seeing in the broader end markets and do you think TI is at a point where those kind of above seasonal quarters are line-of-sight or is it too early to make that judgment? Thank you.
Haviv Ilan: Yes, first, just to recap on your question, Vivek. Thanks. I think you're referring to our capital management call we had in August. So I just would ask people to look at what exactly we presented there. I think you referred to a 2026 scenario -- a set of scenarios that we've presented there from flat to growth versus 2018. And we didn't say we are predicting what revenue would be, but it allows investors to kind of have a view on free cash flow per share according to the revenue scenario. And I think it allows you guys to modulate up or down revenue and know what free cash flow will do during that year. Now more specifically to your question, look, the -- we talked about three markets that are already in the midst of a cyclical recovery. I think they are not done yet, but they are pointing in the right directions. That's Personal Electronics, Enterprise Systems and Communication System for us coming from a very low trough, but showing momentum and I think that we are in the process of strengthening. Unfortunately, these markets were about 25% of our revenue in 2023 and in our case, we really need the broad industrial market and the automotive market to join, okay. So if I go to industrial first, revenue peaked in the third quarter of 2022. We've seen eight quarters of decline. We are more than 30% down versus the peak. So I don't think we -- I hope and I can't predict it. I don't think we have a lot left, okay? I think the inventory correction is still ongoing, but I do expect that to start to recover, I cannot predict the quarter because usually when we see it, we call it. I will just say we haven't seen it yet and it's been quite persistent, okay. That's on the industrial side and I can go even into the sectors, most of the sectors are showing either still searching for a bottom or hovering at a very low level, okay. So it's about time, but we haven't seen it yet. On the automotive market, I think it's more complex because this is where we see a different story between China and the rest of the market. Unfortunately, China is about 20% of our business, so it cannot move the overall automotive number for the company. But I think as I mentioned before, we are right now at a lower-single digit versus the peak kind of hovering it at minus -- sorry, not lower-single digit, I would say upper-single digit, but somewhere between 5% to 10% versus the peak on automotive. In China, we have new records being established. I think there is momentum over there. But the other markets or the other geographies, sorry, on automotive are still searching for that bottom. I do expect when it all adds up, automotive will establish a lower peak-to-trough cycle and not close to the industrial side, but I can't give you a precise time for that, Vivek.
Dave Pahl: All right. Thank you, Vivek. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Cantor. Please proceed with your question.
C.J. Muse: Yeas, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question, bigger picture, I guess given the cyclical uncertainty, how are you thinking about kind of running utilization rates into Q4 and first half of 2025? And as part of that with inventory at $4.3 billion, are you looking to continue to grow that and elevate utilization or keep it where it is until you really see signs of that cyclical recovery, would love to hear your thoughts there?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. No, happy to do that. So first, bigger picture and then I'll get into maybe some specifics, but the objective for inventories to support revenue growth as we prepare for the upturn, as Haviv described in our expectations going forward, particularly in 2025. We do expect to grow inventory in fourth quarter. So we grew a couple of hundred million in third quarter. We expect probably a few $100 million of inventory growth again in fourth quarter. But that is, we have moderated the factory loading. So factory loadings expect us to go slightly down going into the fourth quarter, but despite that, we'll still grow additional inventory. Just to comment a little more on the inventory, we have detailed plans by device at the finished goods level, at the chips level, and those plans are grounded on purchasing behavior and expected demand and this inventory is very low-risk. It sells to many, many customers and it has a long life cycle. So we feel really good, really good about that.
C.J. Muse: That's great, thanks.
Dave Pahl: C.J. do you have a follow-on?
C.J. Muse: I do -- I would hope to follow up on auto. You talked about that as a surprise in China. I'm curious if you could speak to Chinese OEMs taking share in Europe, that's something that we've kind of picked up and curious perhaps maybe the data points we're picking up in Europe related a little more to share loss there to some of the Chinese OEMs, are you seeing that?
Rafael Lizardi: First, I know it's a surprise -- I think not a surprise because we've seen that trend starting in Q2. So to me the automotive market in China for TI, it again peaks in that end of 2023, call it, second half of 2023. We saw a very sharp correction in Q1. I think it was mainly inventory correction and then a growth in Q2, growth in Q3, it's 20% on top of 20%. So think about it running at 45% of the opening and a new pick. I think that is mainly driven by the China market, right? If you think about -- I mean, I was just there a couple of months ago, most of the new -- I think now majority of new cars are EVs, right, or some sort of hybrid and these tend to have more content. And again, our position there is good. TI is very competitive. So I think that drives growth. Now our customer base in China is a set of OEMs, but also Tier 1s. And you guys know the OEM share in  you are the experts there, but the Tier 1s are also I think are -- they are -- they can build good systems. They are very efficient in cost. Performance is pretty good. So I think they also compete for market shares versus the worldwide Tier 1s and I think that's part of the dynamics we see in the China market. We see momentum on both.
C.J. Muse: Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, C.J. Next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys, thanks for let me ask a question. Haviv, you talked a couple of times about China going up 20% sequentially two quarters in a row. Is there any reason that the other 80% of the business shouldn't have that sort of a cyclical rebound at some point? Is there something that's unique about China that allows it to be more volatile or is the expectation that you would have that the other 80% of your business at some point in time should do the same thing?
Haviv Ilan: Yes. First, I think at some point of time, all the horses will point in the same direction and we all are waiting for that. It's been a while, but I think that happened. Again, it's a asynchronous behavior, it's so clear to us and you can see an opposite behavior between geographies, between markets. I will say that, again, as we talked about in the previous response or my previous answer, there is a stronger EV momentum in China. On top of it, I think the China call it culture, call it environment is the design cycles are quick, inventory corrections are quick. So there is a little bit of a everything is more accelerated, I would say over there and I think that's why we're seeing shorter cycles in terms of the way up, the way down, that would be my guess. But I think we'll all be able we'll be smarter only when that thing is done or played out completely. All I can say that I've not seen this played out completely on the automotive market outside of China. But I don't think -- again, I don't think the peak-to-trough on the automotive market is going to be as pronounced is industrial simply because the secular growth over there, I believe is strong to short-term.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, Ross?
Ross Seymore: Yes, I do. One for Rafael. On the OpEx side of things, just a conceptual question, as we look into 2025, kind of what would be the puts and takes on OpEx? And I guess the punchline is, you guys have kept OpEx in certain periods of time barely growing year-over-year. In other years, inflation has been something you guys have had to endure as well. So how do we think about OpEx kind of structurally in 2025?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. In fact, for 2025 and beyond, the way to think about it is, we continue to have a disciplined process, as you alluded to on our investments and our OpEx. But when it comes to R&D, we'll continue to invest there. So you'll see our investments grow overtime and continue to grow. Whereas in SG&A, the focus there is efficiency, so continue to drive efficiency. So there the -- it will probably grow, but at a much lower pace than R&D. And, of course, a revenue, the goal is for both of those to be under the revenue growth for the foreseeable future.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you, Raf. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your question.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to drill a little bit more into that China strength. So you're seeing it in auto. Are you seeing any signs of like China strength in analog or anywhere else in any other end market? Is it just completely focused on automotive at this point? And I guess what I'm getting at is, I'm trying to judge the propensity of some of the Chinese guys maybe to be buying more. We've got an election coming up. Nobody exactly knows what's going on with the general geopolitical environment. Just what do you see more broadly in China, both in and outside of auto?
Haviv Ilan: Yes, Stacy. I can tell you what we see and again, I -- it's helpful to speculate beyond what we see. But in general, just a reminder, as I said, during the upcycle, we had to bias our supply into the industrial and automotive markets, okay. So clearly, the -- and I think we said the company was at about 75% in industrial and automotive in 2023. China was similar, maybe even higher because we had to take some calls on the consumer PE side. So just to know where we're starting for from. So in automotive, I think as I said before, I can't tell you the reason for that, but I think part of it is the -- I think the China customers are fast-moving. I think they are gaining momentum worldwide, not only in China. The second thing is, I think it's acceptance of EVs in China and there may be some other reasons as you have mentioned, but we have not seen a clear evidence for that, okay, of a very large inventory buildup or anything like that. That's on your direct question of automotive. On the industrial side, we have not seen China recovering from the cycle yet. So we, again, we -- it has peaked somewhere in 2022, in China, included. And since then, it had a little bit of a sequential growth in Q2, but then it went down again in Q3. So kind of hovering at the bottom. That's the way I would describe it. So we are waiting for that to happen. We have seen a very strong recovery in automotive, actually with a new high, but the industrial numbers are still trending about 40% or so, maybe even higher in China versus the peak. So a lot of work for us to do in China. I don't think -- I think it's just -- I think customers, as we said in my -- as I said in my prepared remarks, are still working through some inventory over there on the industrial side.
Rafael Lizardi: And maybe just to add one thing. when you look at Stacy, the other three markets that are cyclically recovering, personal electronics, comm and entertainment, all of the regions are growing and contributing to that.
Haviv Ilan: Yes, in China included, right. But again, all those are very low number, if you will, in 2023.
Dave Pahl: I'm sorry. Do you have a follow-on, Stacy?
Stacy Rasgon: I do. Thank you. I know you guys don't guide two quarters ahead, but just mathematically we've been sort of looking at performance versus normal seasonality. How would you guys define typical seasonality for Q1? And maybe like, what is it over the last several years and how would you define it like versus -- like pre-COVID levels?
Haviv Ilan: Yes. So maybe I'll talk about Q4, Stacy. And some people -- it depends how you define seasonality. I like the way you do it. You kind of need to take the outliers away. And I think 2020 and 2021 were the outlier during the upcycle. And typically, in the fourth quarter, we see kind of a minus 7% to even sometimes close to minus 10%. Dave, the Q1 ones, can you add what
Dave Pahl: Yes. It's more -- it's usually more flat. It's more flattish, maybe down a little bit, but fourth quarter and first quarters definitely are seasonally weaker quarters. Second and third are obviously, the stronger quarters.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you guys.
Dave Pahl: Next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Thomas O'Malley with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas OMalley: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Haviv, I just wanted to clarify some comments you made in the preamble. You kind of talked about the three markets, enterprise, PE, and comm, still correcting, but showing momentum. So not finished, but showing some progress. Are those still sequentially declining or are one or two of those actually coming off of the bottom and improving?
Haviv Ilan: No, I think all three are sequentially growing in a fast pace. So I think, just to repeat the numbers, I think PE grew 30% sequentially and Enterprise grew 20% sequentially, and Comms grew 25% sequentially. My point is that they are still not at the previous peak, okay? So to me, when I think about the momentum, I think, I expect momentum to continue to build. I think we are still running below the previous peaks that were somewhere in mid-year 2022, and I expect that momentum to continue. I think also as I mentioned before, specifically for TI, these are the markets where we were, in some cases, short in the previous upcycle and it's our job to go back and address these sockets now when we have enough supply and inventory. Okay?
Thomas OMalley: Thank you for clarifying. Yes. And then just broadly, kind of during the pandemic, you saw a lot of growth and I think most of your peers and yourself started being more vocal about describing both auto and industrial as double-digit growers. So as this kind of correction continues, you're seeing the strength from China in your auto business and obviously that's a part of the broader business and contributes to that double-digit growth. But looking back now and as you see the recovery, would you think any differently about the growth profiles of those two businesses? You obviously have your competitors coming up in a couple of weeks kind of going to restate their long-term CAGRs as well. Do you still see that a double-digit growth profile is the right way to look at those two businesses?
Haviv Ilan: Yes. And again, the short answer is, yes, I see the same. I will say that even the current cycle on the automotive side is proving it and I think we will all see that in the short-term. And when I talk about short-term, it's five years to 10 years. I think the growth in industrial is multi-decades. I think we are on the -- in some of the, call it sectors in industrial. We're only in the very, very beginning or early innings. So I think the industrial -- and I don't know if we say double-digit, but I think TI grew 10% in the last decade 2013 to 2023. I think the market date may be a little bit lower than that, I would guess, but call it high single to maybe 10% would be a good guess. I think the automotive market for TI and also for the market grew faster. But I think it's going to be -- I don't think it's going to run multiple decades, okay? At a certain point of time, there is going to be a kind of some sort of saturation in terms of content per vehicle. I don't think we are close to that date now, specifically not in this decade. Hopefully, that helps.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Tom. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could help characterize industrial and I know you've talked about the various sub-segments underneath of that, but is that -- is there an inventory correction that's uniform other areas of strength and just any sense of inventory versus demand issues that are kind of dragging that business down.
Haviv Ilan: Yes, Joe. A great question. I mean, I think we have more than 10 sectors, about 12 sectors in industrial and the overall, they all add up to a continuous decline since the third quarter of 2022. So it's the eighth quarter of decline. We are seeing -- most of the sectors I would characterize are -- have found the bottom, but are kind of hovering at that bottom, okay? And think about areas for us like building automation, the energy infrastructure, medical, kind of hovering at that bottom. On Factory Automation, we are seeing steel and it's a large sector for us. You can think about Factory Automation and motor drive, it's all these process and Factory Automation type of plants. We are still seeing a decline. So they have not found a bottom. And then, you see a couple of strength areas. Appliances, some people don't have it in industrial as we do. Appliances declined very early and we've seen some recovery there. And I would also add, in our case, we have power delivery, power delivery, think about it, the main market is silver, right? So that sits at the bottom of a rack. So we see growth over there. But these are the only two out of 12. So overall, weakness in the industrial market, hopefully that provides more color.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, Joe?
Joseph Moore: Yes, I do. That's helpful. Thank you. In terms of analog versus embedded, I know there's a that's been happening for a while that embedded has underperformed and there's a focus on kind of turning that around a narrower focus area. I wonder if you could just characterize what's different about the embedded market on a sequential basis that it's weaker?
Haviv Ilan: Yes. So strategically we are very pleased with the progress we are seeing in embedded. Embedded is more think about these higher AUPs and more visibility, I would say, on design ins, it's less broad. So when we look at the progress, when we look at momentum with customers, I think it's -- we are excited about the future and they are going through a cyclical process exactly like the analog team has done, but they are kind of a year later. So again, embedded is almost 95% industrial and automotive. They've seen growth in 2023 versus the industrial business versus the analog business that declined double-digits. So they started almost a year-after analog think about kind of middle of 2023. We've seen four quarters. I think they are also looking at a seasonal quarter in Q4, but momentum there is strong and I'm excited about the future there.
Joseph Moore: Okay. Thank you.
Dave Pahl: We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I think earlier in the call, the question was asked that Haviv, you answered it for one or two end markets, but I'm hoping you can talk about how the pacing of orders progressed in the last couple of months? I wonder if you might have seen things accelerate to then only decelerate if there's been any sort of ups and downs that have surprised you? And then I have a follow-up, please.
Haviv Ilan: Yes. I think we -- what I said about the third quarter, I think you think about it, there's not a lot of change that I see right now going into the fourth, but there is -- it's Q4, right? So there is a seasonality effect. In that sense, I don't see any change versus what we've seen in Q3. If we have -- if we would see something, I would call it out, but I cannot call out anything. Dave, you want to add anything about the order or...
Dave Pahl: Yes. Order rates, I think we're behaving normally that they increased each month in the quarter, which is very typical. So we didn't see any large drop-offs or acceleration or deceleration on that front.
Haviv Ilan: And Bill, maybe just to add on that, just a reminder that we have built good service levels of inventory. As Rafael mentioned, our lead times are very low, so we get a lot of business kind of real time. As it comes, people who call it turn business or so we simply don't have a ton of visibility right now and customers also, they take part only when they need it. I don't think they are building inventory. So that's the reason that we cannot provide more color beyond what they've said.
William Stein: Yes, thats helpful. If I can have a follow-up. It actually dovetails with the follow-on, which is when you all have inventory your customers may not be all charged up about placing tons of backlog and when they have inventory, even more so, our checks recently have revealed that customers have more inventory than many suppliers thought, like they were not sort of really close to the end of the inventory digestion at end customers. And I wonder if you could either dispel that or provide any insight as TI sees it? Thank you.
Haviv Ilan: Yes, I'll just answer in a high level and Dave, maybe you can chime in. But look, in general, we don't have visibility into our customer inventory levels. I do think, as we all know, I mean interest rates are high at the end of the year. I don't think there is a lot of desire to build inventory at our customers' shelves, especially when our inventory position is strong and that's where we want to be. We want to take that burden away from our customers to us that means level of service and we want to do it through not only the down cycle, but also the upcycle. Hence the preparation of capacity and inventory, as Rafael said, that's the game we want to play in the next up-cycle and that's what drives our capital allocation decisions. Dave, anything specific about the customer...
Dave Pahl: Yes, I think the points that you made that we're essentially operating from a very healthy position on inventory. That means that customers don't have to place orders and that is keeping visibility low, but we want to be able to be ready for the upturn when it comes.
Haviv Ilan: Yes, many of our lead times are well below 10 weeks today. So I mean we provide -- I call it excellent customer service and when customers need the product, we have it for him.
Dave Pahl: All right. Thank you, Will. We'll go to our last caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Tore Svanberg: Yes, thank you for squeezing me in. I had a follow up question on the industrial market. Obviously, lead times are short and you have inventory. But I'm just wondering from an end-market or a sell-through perspective, is it fair to say that, that market is stabilizing? Is it getting worse, is it better? I know you called out those two segments that are perhaps starting to stabilize, but any further read on the end consumption there actually getting better or worse?
Haviv Ilan: Yes. Just to repeat, Tore, thanks for the question and just repeating what I said. I think most of the sectors are hovering because we've seen like three or four quarters hovering at the same level more or less, okay. So I would say, you call it is there an inventory correction there or not? I mean, seasonality would say that industrial would grow, for example, in Q2 or Q3 and it didn't. So you can argue that there is some inventory correction at customers and that's the reason for my prepared remarks. But at least, I do believe that they have stabilized from a revenue perspective. I will say that the only -- and these are large sectors for TI. I will say that this is not done on the factory automation and motor drive, which is kind of this automation sector for TI, that was my only other color that I've added, Tore. And I don't know, Dave, anything to add here.
Dave Pahl: I think that's good.
Haviv Ilan: That's good. Okay.
Dave Pahl: Do you have any follow-on, Tore?
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Just one last question. So going back to the whole topic about visibility orders and so on and so forth. When you talk to your customers, especially some of your non Chinese customers, is there a sense that everyone is just waiting for rates to come down, getting through the US election because it does feel like there's like some sort of a CapEx cycle coming, but everyone just waiting on the sidelines. When you talk to some of your biggest industrial customers, do you get a sense that they're waiting for that or is this is more just about, hey, once a spending comes back with better rates and so on and so forth, we're sort of back to the race.
Haviv Ilan: Short answer is no. I don't hear that at least. I don't think if they think that they would tell me anyhow. But what I think is important to remember and I think they value that because I hear it from the meetings I have that when they need it we have it, okay. And we are -- most of our portfolio is very diverse, long-lived and we let the customers know what -- where we have enough inventory to serve them as they needed and when they are more kind of, call it unique, and smaller part of our portfolio where the lead times are a little bit longer and we require more visibility. I think we are differentiated in that sense. Customers appreciate it. And hopefully, we can maintain that level of support through the next cycle and work on our market share and I think that is what customers expect and I think TI can outperform in that sense.
Tore Svanberg: Very helpful. Thank you.
Haviv Ilan: Okay. So let me wrap it up and with what we've said previously, at our core, we are engineers and technology is the foundation of our company, but ultimately, our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate value for owners is the long-term growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objectives, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners, we will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing and we will be a company that we are personally proud to be proud of and would want as our neighbor. When we are successful, our employees, customers, communities, and owners all benefit. Thank you, and have a good evening.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-23 16:30:00) =====
Dave Pahl: Welcome to the Texas Instruments Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Dave Pahl, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Haviv Ilan; and our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. In addition, today's call is being recorded and will be available via replay on our website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Today, we'll provide the following updates. First, Haviv will start with a quick overview of the quarter. Next, he'll provide insight into second quarter revenue results with some details of what we're seeing with respect to our end markets. Lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results, give an update on capital management as well as share the guidance for the third quarter of 2024. With that, let me turn it over to Haviv.
Haviv Ilan: Thanks, Dave. Let me also start by welcoming everyone to the call. I'm looking forward to joining our quarterly earnings calls moving forward and sharing more details about our business strategy with the investment community. It is an opportunity for me to directly share more information about our results and our strategic progress. With that, I'll start with a quick overview of the second quarter. Revenue in the quarter came in about as expected at $3.8 billion, an increase of 4% sequentially and a decrease of 16% year-over-year. Analog revenue declined 11% year-over-year, and Embedded Processing declined 31%. Our other segment declined 22% from the year ago quarter. Now, I'll provide some insight into our second quarter revenue by end-market. Our results continue to reflect the asynchronous behavior across our end-markets that we've seen throughout this cycle. Similar to last quarter, I'll focus on sequential performance as it is more informative at this time. First, the Industrial market was down low-single digits. The Automotive market was down mid-single digits. Personal Electronics grew mid-teens with broad-based growth while demonstrating continued improvement compared to its low point in the first quarter of 2023. Next, Communication Equipment was up mid-single digits. And finally, Enterprise Systems was up about 20%. Lastly, before I pass it on to Rafael, I'd like to share a few comments regarding our capacity investments. We and our customers remain pleased with our progress of the expansion of our 300-millimeter manufacturing capacity. These investments reflect our confidence in the opportunity ahead, which remains high for several reasons. First, we have a high level of confidence in the secular growth of semiconductor content, particularly in industrial and automotive, where we have greater exposure and strong product positions. Second, geopolitically dependable low-cost 300-millimeter capacity will be increasingly critical and valuable and our investments enable us to support customer demand at scale. To share more details on our progress, which we believe is helpful for all of our shareholders to understand, I plan to hold an off-cycle capital management call with Rafael and Dave on August 20th. During the call, I will provide more granularity on our capacity investments along with the framework of revenue and free cash flow per share scenarios. With that, let me turn it over to Rafael to review profitability, capital management, and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Haviv, and good afternoon, everyone. As Haviv mentioned, second-quarter revenue was $3.8 billion. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.2 billion or 58% of revenue. Sequentially, gross profit margin increased 60 basis points, primarily due to higher revenue as well as lower manufacturing unit costs due to increased factory loadings and more manufacturing internally with more wafers on 300-millimeter. Operating expenses in the quarter were $963 million, up 3% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were $3.7 billion, or 23% of revenue. Operating profit was $1.2 billion in the quarter, or 33% of revenue, and was down 37% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the second quarter was $1.1 billion, or $1.22 per share. Earnings per share included a $0.05 benefit for items that were not in our original guidance. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.6 billion in the quarter and $6.4 billion on a trailing 12-month basis. Capital expenditures were $1.1 billion in the quarter and $5 billion over the last 12 months. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $1.5 billion. As a reminder, free cash flow includes benefits from the CHIPS Act investment tax credit, which was $312 million for second quarter. In the quarter, we paid $1.2 billion in dividends and repurchased $71 million of our stock. In total, we returned $4.9 billion to our owners in the past 12 months. Our balance sheet remains strong with $9.7 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the second quarter. In the quarter, we repaid $300 million of debt. Total debt outstanding is now $14 billion with a weighted-average coupon of 3.8%. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $4.1 billion, up $23 million from the prior quarter and days were 229, down 6 days sequentially. For the third quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.94 billion to $4.26 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.24 to $1.48. We continue to expect our effective tax rate to be about 13%. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, a broad product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for a follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. There were some comments from a geopolitical perspective. One of the candidates is talking about the China-Taiwan relationship. And I'm just asking how the geopolitical environment is sort of impacting your customers' buying decisions. I think you said last call that even some of your Chinese customers who are exporting product want geopolitically dependable capacity. I think you talked about that being kind of an increasingly big factor in autos. Can you talk about that and is that beginning to drive some share gains for you?
Haviv Ilan: Thanks, Tim. I'll take that. It's Haviv. First, geopolitical dependable capacity is not a new thing for us. We've started to see these requests coming, I think two or three years ago when tensions started to rise, but as we reflect on it now three years in, it's obvious that there is more and more attention usually at the highest levels of our customers. I'm talking about leadership of CEOs or Chief Purchasing Officers, looking at their supply chain and making sure that they are going to be immune from you know whatever is thrown at them, part of it is geopolitical tensions. And this is where TI is a great answer. We are a very unique supplier in the sense of we can provide the capacity at scale, meaning the amount of wafers and the size of our -- the capacity that we are building is very high. It is a very affordable capacity as building our parts on 300-millimeter wafers allows for a lower cost per chip and then building them internally in our assembly and test houses also provides a very good low-cost structure. And last but not least is this geopolitically dependable capacity, meaning our fabs are being built in the US, mainly in Texas and in Lehi, Utah and we provide a capacity that is at scale, affordable, and dependable. And yes, every time there is some news out there, you know, we are seeing more interest. We've seen that grown over the last several years, and in that sense, our discussions with our customers are providing us more opportunity to win positions in future platforms. I do believe we are taking a bigger share and this is part of our confidence to continue with our investments to serve that opportunity moving forward. Last but not least, you have touched China. Yes, you're right. If I take an example and just on the automotive side, our customers in China do care a lot about their export business. In that sense, our capacity is highly welcomed by them because we can compete at the market price with a very competitive offering, yet have that dependability to serve their customers not only in China but also outside of China for their export business.
Dave Pahl: Follow-on, Tim?
Timothy Arcuri: I do. Yes. Rafael, can you give us an update on CHIPS Act? Do you know how much you're getting yet? And can you kind of talk about that?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, sure, Tim. So on the grant, frankly, we're still going through the process. So we submitted the application and we're just working through the details with the CHIPS program office. But given your question, let me comment also on the ITC the Investment Tax Credit. Today, to date, we have accrued about $1.8 billion in total, that's under 25% ITC. This benefit already started flowing through the income statement as lower depreciation. In addition, in second quarter, we received, as I said in the prepared remarks, $312 million of cash benefits and that is reflected in operating and free cash flow. And we expect to receive another $200 million in 3Q and for a total of $1 billion for 2024.
Timothy Arcuri: Great.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Tim. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your question.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. In Q2, it looked like the strength was primarily from personal electronics, given industrial and auto were down. And maybe calculators as well, I don't know other was pretty strong. I was wondering if you could give us some color on where your expectations for the growth in Q3 sequentially is coming from. Is it still primarily at personal electronics? And I guess maybe calculators or other stuff? How do I think about the end-market trends as we go forward into next quarter?
Haviv Ilan: Thanks for the question. Stacy, I'll start and I'll let Dave add some more color on Q2. So if I go back to the second quarter, yes, if you look at our results, industrial did decline at the low-single digits. Automotive continued to decline at mid-single digits. That was the third quarter in a row of that decline. Although from a year-over-year perspective, it's still doing well, meaning less than 10% of a decline. It declined about 9% in Q2. Yes, there is strength in personal electronics and I do see that market at -- you know it went down through the entire cycle. It troughed sometime in the first quarter of 2023 and we've seen that market strengthening. And again, it grew mid-teens sequentially, but close to 20% year-over-year. So there is definitely strength over there. And I would also say that on the enterprise market, yes, smaller revenue for us, but we are seeing a recovery over there, and I believe that inventory correction is behind us. Regarding the Other business, it grew thanks to our calculator business, as you mentioned, but also our DLP business, which mainly serves the personal electronics market. And Dave, maybe you can add some more color on the sectors as we talked about Q2.
Dave Pahl: Yes. I think as we have seen even inside of industrial, we've had sectors behave asynchronously. So when we first began to see weakness in industrial, which really began in the third quarter, that was -- that was the peak in third quarter of 2022. That was the peak in industrial and we talked about seeing about half of the sectors or so show weakness and those early, but I'll call them earlier-stage sectors, some of them have found bottoms and begun to grow and you can see some of that bottoming process taking place. The others, we're only three or so quarters in and we've got several of them that are continuing to decline at double-digit rates. So again, as we've seen all of our markets behave asynchronously inside of the sectors, we've seen that in industrial as well. Do you have a follow-on, Stace?
Stacy Rasgon: I do actually. Maybe to re-ask the same question. So you're guiding a revenue sequentially up close to $300 million. How do I think about that $300 million growth parsing out across the end markets into Q3?
Haviv Ilan: Yes, Stacy, I'm on the calls, but still we are not going to predict or to give a guidance by market for the third quarter. I mean, it's at the midpoint of the range. We expect revenue to grow about 7%. But as you know, it's not unusual for us to see sequential growth in the third quarter. I mean, typically this is a seasonal --
Stacy Rasgon: Is it TE, is what I'm asking, is it mostly --
Haviv Ilan: Yes, typically Q3 is a quarter where if you go back to pre-COVID days, this is the quarter where customers are preparing their end equipment or the end-product for the holiday season. So it's usually a strong quarter for the company and we are seeing that a very similar behavior right now at the midpoint of our -- of the range of our forecast. I don't know, Dave, if you want to add anything.
Dave Pahl: I think that's good.
Haviv Ilan: Okay.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Stacy. And we'll go to the next caller.
Stacy Rasgon: Thank you, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the China market and what you're seeing in terms of not just the demand side, but are you seeing any incremental supply coming on that can create a concern from a pricing perspective? Because every time this question is asked to industries or not just TI, the answer is always that, well, the IP is not there, they don't have product breadth and whatnot, but they're still buying a lot of trailing edge equipment. So at what point Haviv does that start to become a concern from just a global capacity and global pricing perspective for Texas Instruments?
Haviv Ilan: Thanks, Vivek. Let me start with the first part of your question on how the China market did because I think it was a good quarter for our China business. Our China headquarters business grew sequentially at about 20% versus the first quarter. And we've seen the momentum across all markets. I mean, all five markets grew sequentially, I think 15% or 20%. So they all did well. And this is after seven quarters of sequential decline. So if you think about the way I look at the China market and it was exposed to all -- to all market -- to all end-markets for TI, it took seven quarters for this asynchronous cycle to go through starting with PE, Personal Electronics, then spreading to Industrial and Enterprise and just slightly to Automotive. But all of these have now corrected and Q2 was a good quarter for our business. And I believe we are now shipping to end demand, meaning customers have stopped managing their inventories over there. Now in terms of the competition in China, I don't think that's -- I mean, we've been very vocal about it. This is first not new that the competition has intensified over the last -- the past several years and I think it's growing stronger. I think it's a mistake for us to think that these guys are only doing simple parts. These are very ambitious, highly educated competitors. And our job here in TI, and that's what I try to teach the team is to compete. And I will tell you that, yes, the market is more competitive in China, but we can compete and we can win business in very attractive margins. So we are going to continue to do that. Our goal -- objective is to continue and gain market share in China.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And if I just add one thing, Haviv, the growth in China that we saw was strong across all the markets, including automotive and industrial there. So --
Haviv Ilan: Correct.
Dave Pahl: So, I think that's an important point. So, Vivek, you have a follow-on?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thank you, Dave. So I know for Q3, you're not giving specific end-market commentary, but just from an industry perspective, how would you describe the supply-demand situation in industrial and automotive semis just because we see such a broad range of data points? Do you think we are past the worst in terms of inventory adjustment and supply issues for those two end markets? And if you could describe the situation in those two markets separately, that would be really, really helpful. Thank you.
Haviv Ilan: Dave, I'll let you take this one.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Yes, I think of what we can see, Vivek. Of course, we don't get any data feeds on customer inventory. We don't get any data feeds on customer shipments, but we can look into things like the order patterns, we can look at feeds that we get in consignment. We can see what's happening in with our inventories and our position. So as we've talked about, cancellations as an example, as a measure have continued to come down. Our lead times I described is very stable. We've got immediate availability of almost all of our products. So that does drive a lower visibility with backlog because customers can get product when they need it. And we do believe that some markets PE bottomed up back in first quarter of 2023 and has been more seasonal since then. We've seen some of the other markets that as we've shared earlier, are beginning to grow. So there's likely a bottom forming it with within some of those markets. We've got industrial and automotive that have continued to decline. Now I'd say with industrial, I mentioned earlier, some of the sectors are forming a bottom, others are continuing to decline. And automotive, where we've got three quarter behind us, right. So that's how as we look into where we are positioned today, but we don't have a strong signal that can tell us exactly to be able to answer the question that you asked.
Haviv Ilan: Yes, the only one comment I will add, Vivek, in terms of the difference. So automotive so far at least just year-to-date is down mid-single digits and that is off of a very good 2023 for us, right. We grew about 17% in 2023. And I think it's just helped by the strong secular content growth that we see in automotive. And this is across the -- both combustion engines of ICE and EVs. So that's maybe the difference -- the slight difference I see between these two markets.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Vivek. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Haviv, it's great to have you on the call. So I'll ask one for you and maybe Rafael would chime in as well. You guys have given at least Rafael in the past some mid-quarter updates or earnings call updates on capex and depreciation versus your pre-existing plan. So are you still planning to spend $5 billion a year? And is the depreciation ranges, Rafael, you gave before still apply or are we going to have some more flexibility on those metrics going forward?
Haviv Ilan: Yes. Okay, I'll start and Rafael maybe you can provide some more color. So first, again, our strategy has not changed and it continues to serve us well. As I said before, the secular growth in industrial and automotive and our position, our market position, and our product portfolio position gives us the confidence that there is a higher opportunity over there. On top of it, as we said earlier, customers do want and value geopolitically dependable capacity. So we are pleased with our progress. Our CapEx strategy provide us both with capacity for growth and flexibility. And at the end of the day, CapEx supports revenue growth and need to be prepared for different scenarios. Now we always continue to evaluate our plans and investments based on what we see on the demand environment, the dynamics, the growth opportunities in the market. And to talk more about it, we -- as I said in my prepared remarks, we see our -- we are going to have our off-cycle capital management call in a month, in four weeks, just an opportunity to share just additional insight. So we'll go through our investment plan with more granularity on what exactly we are doing per factory and then we'll provide a framework of revenue scenarios and what would free cash flow per share and CapEx do, you know, versus each and every scenario. And regarding depreciation, Rafael, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So I'll just comment on depreciation. Ross, I'm going to narrow that depreciation range a little bit both for 2024 and 2025. So for 2024, we now expect depreciation to be between $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion. And for 2025, we now expect depreciation to be about $2 billion to $2.3 billion.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, Ross?
Ross Seymore: I do, and thanks for all those details, Haviv, and Rafael. So one for you, Rafael. If I heard you right on the gross margin rising in the second quarter, you mentioned that loadings increased. I thought that they were going to decrease to burn some inventory now that you had that at kind of the $4 billion target. So did something change there? And what's the expectations for utilization going forward?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So the loadings came in about as expected, but let me just tell you more about it. Second quarter loadings were up versus first quarter. And as you saw, we were essentially flat on inventory. So essentially the ins and out where pretty much offsetting. When it comes to third quarter, we expect utilization or factory loadings to be flat to slightly up. And in our base-case for our -- the EPS guidance that we have, that's what we have in there. But of course, we have time during the quarter to adjust those loading depending on what we expect for fourth quarter. On GPM specifically for third quarter, I would -- in the base-case, at the midpoint of our guidance, I would expect GPM percent to be up versus the second quarter.
Ross Seymore: Thank you, Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Ross, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danley with Citibank. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Danley: Hey, thanks for letting me ask a question, guys. Just to follow up on Ross' question in terms of gross margin. So depreciation is going up like 100 million bucks roughly per quarter for next year. But if utilization rates keep going up i.e., if nothing gets any worse, do you think -- is it possible that your gross margins are bottoming now? Or is there anything else that could drive them lower or maybe provide a tailwind, just give us maybe the mechanics around it for the next several quarters.
Rafael Lizardi: Sure, sure. I'll be happy. And I'll keep it -- well, at the end of the day, yes, it is possible that is the case. It's all going to depend on revenue, of course. So the main driver is revenue. So as we -- and in addition to revenue, as we bring more executing our strategy to load more 300-millimeter wafers and bring in more external loadings internal, the fall-through excluding depreciation will likely trend more in the range of 75% to 85% on a year-on-year basis. Now, of course, any one quarter, even any one year, you may have puts and takes that you know utilization or factory loadings is one of those that sometimes it goes against you, sometimes it goes in favor. But in general, expect that fall-through in 75% to 85%, not counting depreciation. So you do the math, whatever revenue assumption you want to put over the next several quarters or years, do that fall-through and you can very easily model where -- and then I just gave you the depreciation, right. So you can then model what gross margins can do over the next several years.
Chris Danley: Great. Thanks for the additional breadcrumbs. They're very useful. My follow-up is just on bookings. I think last quarter, you said that bookings were increasing every month. Is that still true? And do you think that for the industrial automotive space, we're at least getting close to the bottom there, or do you feel any better about either of those end markets on a relative basis?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So again, as you look at those things, revenue did increase as well as orders throughout the quarter, which is very typical as that we would see in the second quarter. And certainly, as we've got growth at the midpoint, that would not be unexpected. Again, those other sides of lead times, really on all of our products, having immediate availability and stable lead times, cancellations continuing to decline. All those things, I think point to supply and demand becoming more in balance and that availability. So -- and there was a second part of your question, Chris, that I'm not addressing. I'm not sure what it was. Can you just repeat it for me?
Chris Danley: Yes, it was just our bookings still increasing month over month. And then between the auto or the industrial end market, do you feel any better or worse about either of those?
Dave Pahl: Well, yes, again, I think that we've got half of the sectors that again we can see forming a bottom inside of industrial overall that it's been elongated. But if you look at it sector by sector, it's probably a better view overall. And in auto, this is our third quarter of decline. We're down about 13% from where the revenue peaked. It's a pretty shallow decline compared to how the other markets had behaved so far. So that's what we see. So, thank you, Chris. [Multiple Speakers]
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you. Hi, good afternoon. Thank you so much for taking the question. Haviv, maybe one for you on CapEx and how you're thinking about your long-term revenue growth. You've always had this slide in your capital management call deck where you show revenue supported. I think you have for 2026, you have $30 billion for 2030 at $45 billion. I know you're constantly evaluating your plans and you talked about presenting various scenarios on the August call. But I'm curious, is the $30 billion for 2026 and $45 billion for 2030, are those still kind of the base case scenarios for you, or has there been any change post conversations with customers?
Haviv Ilan: So, Toshiya first, I do want to leave something for August. So I think it's going to be just a better environment to go provide this information. We'll also provide supporting materials and we'll or updated presentation where you'll see, as I said, the different scenarios and how we see them. And to me, it's step-by-step. Right now when I think about how we establish our CapEx plan, we need to think about what the next peak wants to do. We'll discuss that. We'll discuss different scenarios of revenue leading to the next peak and what will CapEx do accordingly. And as a result, what free cash flow per share will be. Again, I don't want to give the whole a pitch right now, but I think it's going to be important for investors to join and hear our latest update.
Toshiya Hari: Understood.
Dave Pahl: Follow-on [indiscernible]
Toshiya Hari: I do. Thanks, Dave. Just a question on Embedded Processing. Revenue was down sequentially and the year-over-year decline actually accelerated. Analog, we've seen some stabilization. So I'm just curious what you're seeing in the Embedded Processing side. Is this purely volume pressure, or is there a pricing or competitive component here as well? I think operating margins for that business came in a little bit as well sequentially. So just curious. Thank you.
Haviv Ilan: Yes, let me start first on the high-level embedded -- the embedded business. So when I look at the underneath beyond the numbers, it's getting stronger. Our product portfolio is improving. And when I look at the -- at this decade, the -- just the opportunity for that business to be a major contributor for TI's growth of free cash flow per share is very high. So I'm very encouraged by the progress of the business. Now regarding the cycle, cycle first, embedded as a little bit of a different structure compared to analog. It's mainly composed of industrial and automotive. So it has less exposure into a personal electronics enterprise or communication equipment. And these two markets kind of pick later, right. So if you look at the embedded business versus analog, it picked a year-after kind of middle of 2023 versus the middle of 2022 for the analog business. In addition to that, the embedded business today, although as Rafael mentioned, it's being changed, was mainly supported from foundry wafers during the upcycle and we felt more limitation over there compared to our internal supply capacity. And so, now when these supply issues are resolved, we are seeing customers just adjusting their inventory. That's what I believe is happening and therefore, embedded is seeing that sharper correction. But again, when I look at it from the from the top, embedded is strengthening and I think it will continue to serve us very well moving forward.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me just add on the operating profit question or angle that you had. Just as a reminder, as Haviv said, traditionally embedded has relied on external wafers, but we now have -- we're bringing them in and we have -- the Lehi factory is disproportionately will serve embedded, and therefore, embedded has taken a disproportionate amount of the fixed-cost charges there. But just like that is put right now, it will be a tailwind. It's a headwind now, it will be a tailwind in the future as we qualify more and more parts, embedded parts as well as analog at that Lehi factory.
Toshiya Hari: It's very clear. Thank you so much.
Dave Pahl: Have a great day. Next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Harlan Sur: Yes. Thank you for taking my question and great to have you on the call, Haviv. Maybe to follow up on the embedded question, right, because this business grew 3% last year versus your analog business, which was down 15%? Yes, year-to-date, it's down about as much as your peers or I would argue slightly better. You've articulated the positive strategy changes previously, right, more catalog, broad market focus. So bottom-line, again, over the past few years, it seems like you've made good improvements in this business. So as the team moves embedded more to internal manufacturing combined with the strategy shift, maybe, Haviv can you just comment on the design-win momentum? What areas are you particularly doing well in? And I'm not sure, Rafael, how should we think about the improvements in embedded margins as you move what was once mostly outsourced to internal manufacturing.
Haviv Ilan: Yes. Let me start and I'll let Rafael add some more color. But again, as you mentioned, the embedded business has gone through change in the last four, five years and Amichai has done a great job to position the business such that it benefits our competitive advantages, thinking about manufacturing and technologies of shifting really from almost like 80% external to when done, maybe the opposite, 80% internally building a higher breadth of products or not less concentration of revenue per socket and us expanding our product portfolio, utilizing the reach of our market channels. Think about the large sales team of TI, think about TI.com, and the more Catalog is the product, the better fit to our strategy. So in that sense, that is moving well. In terms of design in momentum, again, it's mainly an industrial and automotive business. So very high visibility on the automotive side. But as you also know, it takes time. So I'm encouraged with the design-in momentum. Our funnel increased tremendously when I compare it to the analog side because every funnel of every supplier grows, but we've seen a disproportional growth of our design-in momentum for embedded versus previous year and also versus analog just in terms of the rates. And I will give some examples. We see good momentum in real-time control, think about EVs, onboard chargers, think about traction inverters, a very good momentum in connectivity, automotive, and beyond. Think about car entries, tire pressure monitoring, and other and body-related opportunities in the automotive market. I can continue with a -- the kind of our more application-specific products like our radar systems. We have great position and growing position in radar winning a lot of new business, both with the Tier-1s and the OEMs. This is a -- from imaging radar for the front to the corner radar to even parking assist and also in-cabin sensing, that radar is taking a bigger and bigger part in the automotive market. And many other examples on the industrial side, here the number of end equipment is really vast hundreds of end equipment, but this is where our catalog MCUs that we are really reviving the presence of TI and building a new portfolio based on our MSP family is doing very well in winning new business and across-the-board, across the markets, utilizing our channel advantage. So I can go on and on here, but again, just evidence of my excitement of what this business can do for us in the second half of this decade. Rafael?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, I'll just add on your question on fall-throughs for embedded, of course, we don't give guidance separate for the segment. So the 75% to 85% gross margin fall-through ex-depreciation that I talked about earlier applies to both.
Haviv Ilan: Yes.
Rafael Lizardi: Outside of -- if we didn't have Lehi and I'll address that in a second, we didn't have that, I would say generally analog would be at the higher end of that range and better would be at the lower end. But for the next year, two or three because Lehi, all those costs are -- all those fixed costs are already there, including people, we are going to have some nice tailwind and all of the -- a good portion of that will go to embedded. But over the longer timeframe, 75% to 85% ex-depreciation is a good guide to use.
Dave Pahl: Yes, follow-on Harlon?
Harlan Sur: Yes. In terms of channel reach, right, we haven't heard you guys talk about ti.com in quite some time. I think the last data point we've got was it drove about $2 billion in sales in calendar 2022 and it sort of has this additional benefit from a business planning perspective of being a really good sort of leading indicator of demand inflections. As you've sort of potentially past the bottom of sort of the current cycle here, wondering if there's been any notable movement or trends in ti.com. And maybe from a longer-term perspective, like what initiatives has the team put in place to sort of further improve the customer pull to ti.com from a mid to longer-term perspective?
Haviv Ilan: Yes. Let me start more in the mid to longer term and then let Dave add some more color on how it looks versus the cycle. So in terms of the investment in tI.com, yes, they are continuing. These are very strategic and important investments for us. We believe there is a huge opportunity to digitize what we call the last mile or that interface between us and the customers. There are many, many customers, still a long tail of customers that we can't see today. But as they move to ti.com, we can supply with them with more information, we can even provide an opportunity to place backlog electronically, directly with TI. And in that sense, the importance for us is to just know our customers better, understand the end equipment, and provide the relevant product portfolio to serve their growth and win market share, right? So that data is to us very, very important that the direct connectivity with the customer is important. To do just that, we are investing in IT systems. We are investing in warehouses or if you will, logistics to serve these customers just in time as they needed and that is part of the way customers would opt to TI and just connect directly to us. Now in terms of the short-term, Dave, maybe you can talk a little bit about what we're seeing there through the cycle.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And as we would -- have expected, orders that are placed through ti.com are down significantly from its peak, just, I think just telling of where we are with availability of product. But the great thing with ti.com is customers connect through APIs and put their planning systems on that. When they do have a shortage, they can look into our inventory, they can see it, some have even automated that process and have products shipped in many cases the same day. So we think the long-term strategic value of ti.com is much higher than the transaction that will cross it here in the short-term. So, thank you, Harlan. We can go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder just as you kind of think about this longer-term strategy, you've got well over 200 days of inventory, you have relatively low factory utilization. Like do you think this means we won't have shortages down the road that people can look at the capacity that you have, the inventory that you have and they won't have the need to accumulate inventory? Is that part of the thinking? Or do you think it's just inevitable that we'll get back to that at some point?
Haviv Ilan: Again, the investment first in capacity ahead of the demand and then in inventory is done to really improve customer service, right. And we believe it's important to keep that not only now when it's kind of easy and the -- we have a market cycle at you can call it at a low-point. The test for our company would be at the next up-cycle, okay, not only in upcycle, it is -- you can model, Joe, any upcycle that you want, but we want to be supporting our customers at the highest level even if the cycle looks like a very steep one. And we model, for example, the COVID cycle as a similar one and that's what drives our investments. I think it's very, very important to sell your customers ahead of the competition at times like that because that's the opportunity to gain share and we are going to be prepared for that opportunity. Having said that, all that is done in a very thoughtful way. Inventory is being built at the right part where we have this diversity and longevity position such that we don't risk the scrap of the inventory. And I'm pleased with the progress we've made, but the test will come and I'm sure it will come one day at the next up-cycle. I don't know if you want to add anything, Dave.
Dave Pahl: That's good. Joe, do you have a follow-up?
Joseph Moore: Yes. I mean, just to follow up on that, to that, to the extent that your competition is doing things more the way they traditionally have and probably will see boom-bust cycles, what happens in that next upturn if they can't get parts from three of your competitors, is there a way you can keep them from accumulating inventory of TI components, even though they shouldn't need to. I mean, that seems like it's part of kind of the industry behavior in the past. Just how focused are you on trying to dampen that?
Haviv Ilan: Yes. Well, again, I think our capacity and the inventory level that we have built are such that we tend to provide good or very high customer service levels, right. So our intention is to maintain lead times through the cycle. We -- it depends what cycle you throw, you throw at us. There is always going to be that one cycle or that steep cycle that maybe we won't be able to do it. But we have modeled the company in such a way that in most a demand situation, we would be able to maintain a good customer or hike customer service levels through the cycle, which hopefully will keep the lead times short and which I'm pretty sure we will encourage customers not to hoard inventory. That has to be proven, but that's the way we want to prepare for the future.
Dave Pahl: Yes.
Joseph Moore: Very helpful. Thank you.
Dave Pahl: And if I added one thing, I'd just say that I spent eight years in sales, a joke I never once took a double order and so trying to control customer behavior when things get short, people want to build more inventory, right? And so that's just the behavior that I think that will be in our industry for the foreseeable future, but we can gain share in those periods of time and that's the advantage of having the capacity in place. So that said, we'll go to the next call -- or next and last caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Chris Caso with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Caso: Thank you. Yes, thanks. Good evening. The question is on your comment -- earlier comments on China. It sounds like that rebounded fairly robustly in the first quarter. Could you give some more color on what you're seeing within China? And then do you think -- do you feel that those Chinese customers are still burning their inventory? Are you still undershipping demand there?
Haviv Ilan: Yes, thanks for the question. So first, I would say that in China, it's a -- there is a very distinct signal that customers have walked down their inventories. And we've seen that you know spreading through a time with the market. If you think about the asynchronous behavior that we have described of the different markets, we saw the same in China. The personal electronics business picked in China somewhere in 2021, enterprise and industrial sometimes in 2022, and then automotive picked sometimes in 2023. So you saw that peak spread over three years, which I think is the reason we saw such an elongated decline of seven quarters in a row and we went backwards to our history and it's been one of the longest, if not the longest cycle we have seen. But I can see clearly that it's mainly played out. Of course, we will always find pockets and a few sectors on the industrial -- in the industrial market that are still going through that, but it's very clear that once you start to shift to end demand, you will see such behavior of, in our case 20% sequential growth and that momentum is being built across the markets. All markets did very well in China, growing between 15% to 20% something percent, okay. So very robust, coherent and that's like a recovery looks like. Now we haven't seen that across the other markets. I will even tell you that areas like you know Europe and Japan are in an early phase and hopefully, it doesn't take seven quarters per geography, but China was kind of the first into the upcycle, the beginning of COVID, the first one to correct on the down and now to me, the first one kind of raising a very strong sequential growth with momentum. So that's the way I would summarize it without trying to imply that we'll see the same behavior in each and every other market.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Chris Caso: I do. Thanks. And just a quick follow-up and I'm sure this is another thing you'll address on the August call, but you narrowed the range for depreciation next year down a little bit. Last quarter, you talked about CapEx kind of being around this $5 billion level per year. It was down sequentially in the second quarter. Is $5 billion still a reasonable way of looking CapEx this year?
Haviv Ilan: Yes. There is no news here strategically, but Rafael, maybe do you want to guide on CapEx?
Rafael Lizardi: No, absolutely no. This year, $5 billion, what you saw in second quarter is just little puts and takes on a quarterly basis, but for 2024, $5 billion of CapEx and the depreciation numbers I gave are reflective of that.
Dave Pahl: Okay.
Haviv Ilan: So let me wrap up with what we've said previously. At our core, we are engineers. Our technology is the foundation of our company, but ultimately, our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate value for owners is the long-term growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objective, we'll continue to pursue our three ambitions. First, we will act like owners. We will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever-changing and we will be a company that we are personally proud to be part of and we would want as our neighbor. When we are successful, our employees, customers, communities, and owners all benefit. Thank you, and have a good evening.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-23 16:30:00) =====
Dave Pahl: Welcome to the Texas Instruments First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Dave Pahl, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. In addition, today's call is being recorded and will be available via replay on our website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. Today, we'll provide the following updates: First, I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter. Next, I will provide insight into first quarter revenue results, with some details of what we are seeing with respect to our end-markets. Lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results, give an update on capital management, as well as share the guidance for the second quarter of 2024. Starting with a quick overview of the quarter: Revenue in the quarter came in about as expected at $3.7 billion, a decrease of 10% sequentially and 16% year-over-year. Analog revenue declined 14% year-over-year, and Embedded Processing declined 22%. Our Other segment declined 33% from the year-ago quarter. Now I'll provide some insight into our first quarter revenue by end-market. Revenue declined sequentially across all of our end-markets. Our results reflect the current environment, as customers continue to reduce their inventory levels. Similar to last quarter, I'll focus on sequential performance, as it is more informative at this time. First, the industrial market was down upper-single digits. The automotive market was down mid-single digits. Personal electronics was down mid-teens. Next, communications equipment was down about 25%. And lastly, enterprise systems was down mid-teens. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook. Rafael?
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave, and good afternoon everyone. As Dave mentioned, first quarter revenue was $3.7 billion. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.1 billion, or 57% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue and to a lesser extent, higher manufacturing costs associated with reduced factory loadings and our planned capacity expansions. Gross profit margin decreased 820 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $933 million, flat from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were $3.7 billion, or 22% of revenue. Operating profit was $1.3 billion in the quarter, or 35% of revenue, and was down 34% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the first quarter was $1.1 billion or $1.20 per share. Earnings per share included a $0.10 benefit that was not in our original guidance, primarily due to the sale of a property. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1 billion in the quarter and $6.3 billion on a trailing 12-month basis. Capital expenditures were $1.2 billion in the quarter and $5.3 billion over the last 12 months. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $940 million. In the quarter, we paid $1.2 billion in dividends, and in the past 12 months, we returned $4.8 billion to our owners. Our balance sheet remains strong with $10.4 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the first quarter. In first quarter, we issued $3 billion in debt. Total debt outstanding is now $14.3 billion with a weighted average coupon of 3.8%. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $4.1 billion, up $84 million from the prior quarter and days were 235, up 16 days sequentially. For the second quarter we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.65 billion to $3.95 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.05 to $1.25. We continue to expect our effective tax rate to be about 13%. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add-value in the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, a broad-product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator.
Operator: Thank you. Well now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Rafael, I'm wondering if you can give us an update on any CHIPS Act money that you may have gotten. I know, basically all the money for the advanced nodes has been allocated and has been announced, but there is still like $9 billion outstanding for mature nodes. So can you kind of talk about that for us?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. No, happy to do it. First let me address the grants, which I think is what you're referring to. On that, frankly we don't have an update to give. We're still going through that process. Submitted our application late last year, we are working through the details with the CHIPS Program Office. As we said before, we believe our investments in manufacturing in both Texas and Utah are well-positioned with the objectives of the CHIPS Program Office. Now let me give you an update on the ITC, the Investment Tax Credit. To-date, we have accrued about $1.5 billion on that credit, and based on the recently released regulations, we will be receiving the ITC cash benefit throughout the year in 2024 and beyond. And starting next quarter, so in second quarter, we expect to receive about $300 million and a total of $1 billion for all of 2024. Okay, do you have a follow-up?
Timothy Arcuri: I do, yeah. I wanted to ask about factory loadings and sort of where you think inventory goes for June. If I look at your guidance, the gross margins implied pretty flat ex-depreciation. So it seems like loadings have sort of leveled-off in June. Is that right? And kind of what do you expect for inventory in June? It seems like it should start to come down a tick maybe in June. Thanks.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Sure. Of course we give a guidance. We give a range on revenue, we give a range on EPS, and then 90 days from now, we'll discuss that more or less. But for now, I'll tell you that in first quarter, we adjusted factory loadings, as we neared our desired inventory levels. And as we said during the prepared remarks, we grew inventory about [$80-some million] (ph). And then for second quarter, we are going to adjust those loadings depending on future demand.
Dave Pahl: Thank you Tim. Well go to next caller please.
Operator: Our next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your question.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow up on that. If and when revenues begin to recover, how do we think about what that would imply for your factory utilization given your current inventory position, as well as additional capacity coming online, which I guess sort of just naturally gives a downward bias to utilization anyways? Like I guess, how long would you need to take utilizations up? Or how much revenue growth would you need to start taking utilizations up given your positioning on inventories and capacity additions?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So Stacy, it's a good question, but it's a complex question and is -- at the end of the day, it is going to depend. It's going to depend on a number of factors, what kind of revenue profile you  we are faced with and not just in one quarters or two quarters but really over a longer horizon. Maybe the best thing I can tell you is don't expect a significant or even any drain on inventory because just given our business model and how we want to run the company, keeping lead time short and also the upside potential that we have with having this inventory and the capacity in place, is so much higher than the downside risk. So hopefully, that gives you some -- some good insight into how we're thinking. Do you have a follow-up?
Stacy Rasgon: I do. Thanks. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about pricing. So I think last quarter, you'd suggested that pricing was sort of resuming historical trends, which -- I think, it suggests it was down -- I think, it was low to mid-single digits. Is there any update on what you are seeing in terms of the pricing environment? Is that still the environment that we are in? Are things better -- are things worse? Like where do you see that going as we go forward?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Stacy, I'll comment on that. And as I said last quarter, really we began seeing things change mid-last year -- in the back half of last year as we began discussions with customers for their demand in the following year and out in time, whatever those pricing windows would open up. And those are really just going back to what we've seen in the last 10 years, 20 years kind of pre-pandemic. So describe it roughly in the low to very low single-digit declines over time. And I would say, just generally that's what we are continuing to see.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me add one more thing, Stacy. I want to give you a bonus answer. You always ask about OpEx. So you are not asking, but I'm going to give you OpEx. Remember that second quarter has a full three months of raises whereas first quarter only had two months of raises. So it's something for your modeling.
Stacy Rasgon: Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Thank you Stacy. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. I think in the prepared remarks, you said customers continue to reduce inventory levels, but you are also guiding Q2 sales to be up 4% sequentially. So my question is, should we think of Q2 as kind of a normal seasonal quarter? Just any more color on what you are seeing real time. Are we past the industry inventory correction? Are we kind of getting back to some semblance of -- on normalcy from a demand perspective? Any other color you could give from an end-market or geo perspective. Just -- you are the largest, right most influential vendor in the market. So I think, your perspectives would be very useful to understand where we are in the inventory and the broader demand cycle.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Vivek, let me start with what we saw happen in the last quarter because I think, it's helpful. First, we saw personal electronics was the first market that went into the correction. It really is -- was the first to come out in the last few quarters, I'd describe it as behaving more seasonal. If you go to the other end of the spectrum, we have, had industrial, which has been declining sequentially from some time. And over the last few quarters, we've been talking about how there's some asynchronous behavior inside of the 12, 13 sectors that we have there. That continued inside of the quarter. So we have got some of the later-cycle sectors that are continuing to decline and declining at double-digit rates. But there are some that are beginning to -- begin to slow in the declines and even a couple that grew sequentially. So that I would just describe as being more mixed this quarter, which is certainly different than last quarter. So -- and if you look -- historically, second quarter is a seasonally strong quarter for us. So it's not unusual for us to see sequential growth sequentially. Do you have a follow-on?
Vivek Arya: Yeah, thank you Dave. Maybe if I press a little bit on that. For Q2, specifically industrial and automotive, do you think -- is your assumption that customers will continue to work down inventory? Or do you think that they have worked down most of the inventory and we are getting back to some semblance of what normal demand looks like for TI in Q2? Like what does your guidance actually imply that are we below seasonal? Are we seasonal? Or -- are we something different?
Dave Pahl: Well, again, we're not in the practice of giving guidance by end-market. And -- but even inside of last quarter, as we looked at it inside of industrial, there obviously were some customers that are nearing the end of that inventory depletion cycle. So as you know, we don't -- we try to be very cautious and not to try to predict tops or bottoms or those types of things and just report what we see and just stick to the facts. So thank you Vivek. Well go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question is from Thomas O'Malley with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas O'Malley: Hi good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Mine is in regards to China. 2023 data came out recently, and it looks like some of the larger North American players didn't really lose share despite some concerns on the trailing edge that you would have some increased China competition. Can you talk -- has there been any change in the way that customer behavior has kind of trended over the last couple of months? And can you talk about just that competitive environment? Are you seeing more players there? Are you seeing players that you didn't see before? Any color on China would be super useful. Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yes. Thanks, Tom for that question. And Id say, no change over the last couple of months. But I think, certainly over the last few years, there's many things that are changing in China. We've got very competent local competitors there as well as theres subsidized capacity going in place. And when you compare that to five years or 10 years ago, is it harder to compete there? It certainly is. But again, I would not describe that as a competitive landscape that's changing overnight. And we've talked about that for some years. So China is an important market for us that -- it continues to be a growing market. And we can and will compete there to support our customers. So our competitive advantages, whether that's our manufacturing and technology, the breadth of the portfolio, the reach of the markets all [serve] (ph) us very, very well in China. Do you have a follow-on?
Thomas O'Malley: Yes. Just on auto particularly. I know that you're not guiding the out quarter, but just conversations that you've had since you last updated us with those customers? I think you just mentioned that inventories are coming down. But through the pandemic, there was a kind of change of stated ordering patterns of just-in-time to just-in-case. Do you see that kind of persisting -- or do you think that we are moving back to a situation in which customers really want to have much lower inventory on their balance sheet. Obviously, you have a unique supply chain, but just any thoughts on just the auto environment, particularly through the last several months. Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yes. Thanks again, Tom. I would say that many customers and especially those in automotive, as they went through and dealt with the disruptions that they had in supply chains actually we are very thoughtful in looking at where their supply is coming from, what things that they can do differently well beyond just carrying extra days of inventory. And when they went through that analysis, I think many found that they have a pretty significant dependence on wafers coming out of both China and Taiwan. And what they described that to us is geopolitically dependable capacity is what they're seeking. And again, we have talked about that before in our capital management updates. We believe that -- that's going to be highly sought after it is -- we are seeing that today. And so I think, we are in a position to be able to support customers, and that growth that will come from that. So thank you Tom, we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question is from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys thanks. I'm going to ask a couple of questions. I guess for the first one, Dave, I know you don't want to guide by the segments but you gave the quarter-over-quarters. Could you give us what the year-over-years were by end-market in the first quarter, please?
Dave Pahl: I can do that, yes. So the industrial market was down about 25% from a year ago. Automotive was down lower single digits. Personal electronics was actually up single digits. Comms equipment was down about 50%, and enterprise system was down mid-teens. Do you have a follow-on, Ross?
Ross Seymore: I do. Rafael, you talked a little bit about the trajectory of the grant side of the CHIPS Act -- or excuse me, the ITC side and where you are getting the money in over time. Does any of that inflows of cash have a differing impact on the income statement? Or is it just the same, it's just a matter of timing and when you're getting that $1 billion as opposed to, I think you said $500 million before?
Rafael Lizardi: Right. No, no direct impact on the income statement. That's already played in as the lower depreciation and are already flowing through the P&L and in our expectations on depreciation. Of course, having more cash, does have an impact in terms of you have more cash, you're going to have more interest income. But put that aside, that's kind of below the profit the operating profit line. So speaking of depreciation, let me give you an update on that. We've been talking about depreciation for this year, $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion. That is -- we continue to expect that -- but we're more likely to come in at the bottom half of that range. And for 2025, we continue to expect $2 billion to $2.5 billion in depreciation.
Dave Pahl : Thank you Ross. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Danely with Citibank. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks guys. Rafael, just another question on the balance sheet and cash. So you guys have seen the share count kind of flatten out here for the last 4 quarters or 5 quarters and then you're building cash and increasing your debt. I guess what's changed? Traditionally, you've sort of taken the share count down slowly but steadily. Any sort of changes in the long-term thinking there on cash, usage of cash, et cetera?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. When it comes to capital management, it all depends, and it depends on circumstances. And at the moment our objective when it comes to -- you've known us for a while. We return all cash flow  [or cash] (ph) flow to the owners of the company, and we do that over time. But there are times to increase liquidity and to build up cash. So you have seen us over the last couple of years do that and steadily increase the cash on the balance sheet. We finished at $10.4 billion last quarter. And we've done that very consciously, right to protect the investments that we're making, particularly the $5 billion per year CapEx investments in manufacturing because that is the most important allocation of capital has been for the last few years and will continue to be for the next three years. So with that in mind, we've had that in mind as we have made overall capital allocation decisions, including the decisions on repurchases.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Chris Danely: Yes, thanks Dave. Just another question on China but more on the, I guess, the insourcing side. So some of your competitors have talked about this impacting them. Do you guys see an impact of this on TI? Would or will this alter your long-term, I guess growth expectations or thoughts on your China business? Just any color there would be very helpful. Thanks.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So I'll start and, Dave, if you want to chime in. But as Dave alluded to earlier on the call, China is a very important market. We need to compete there, we do compete there and we compete to win there. China, there -- it's pretty clear that there's an incentive to design local semiconductor suppliers. I think, that's what you're referring to as insourcing. And today, that share, my guess -- my sense is 10% to 15% of the local content is sourced by local semiconductor suppliers. I think, the exact number is 12%, the one I saw. So that means there's another 88% that -- that is shared now between U.S. and European suppliers. And our goal is to continue that fight and maintain and gain that share, competing with local suppliers but also competing with US and European semiconductor suppliers.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And maybe I'll just add in China -- in any market, we've just got to have the best parts. And when we have that -- that means we've got to be ahead of competitors, whether that's on performance, on support, availability and cost. So -- and we have customers in every region that are beginning to think about where they're sourcing products from. So customers that aren't in China are looking at our -- as they describe it, geopolitically dependable capacity. And that's about 80% of our revenue. The 20% that's in China, we have customers in China that have and support global markets. And they're coming and describing our geopolitical dependable capacity and wanting to have access to it because it is very unique. We're the only ones that are building at scale outside of China and Taiwan capacity. So customers understand that. They understand it both in China, as well as outside. So thank you for that Chris. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I've asked this question before, but it keeps coming up. Can you talk about how you think about pricing kind of more strategically as you contemplate having a decent amount of capacity, more 300 millimeter capacity, more subsidization? Does that change the pricing paradigm at all? Are there markets where you might be more price-aggressive than you wouldn't be, if any of that were different?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Joe, the answer will be amazingly consistent with how you've asked it before. But we haven't changed our strategy on pricing. You know that pricing doesn't move quickly in our industry, and it -- isn't the primary reason why customers choose our products overall. So we regularly monitor pricing for all of our products. That includes all end markets and all product categories and all regions. And we price to be competitive, and we can do that because we've got a great product portfolio and we've got great access to the markets through our channels. And we've got competitive products because we build it on 300 millimeter. So hopefully, that's amazingly consistent. Do you have a follow-on?
Joe Moore: Yeah. Thank you for that. Yes, in terms of the embedded business, I know you've had a number of kind of vertical markets that you de-emphasized and things like that with kind of a focus on more of a core kind of catalog strategy in that business. Where are you in that? Do you expect that you would -- that your embedded business would sort of track the broader microcontroller business? Or just how do you think about the transitions that are happening there?
Dave Pahl: Yes. I think that we continue to make progress overall in our embedded business. The goal there is to have that business growing and contributing to our free cash flow over a long time. We think it's a great business and continue to invest. So we are very happy with that strategic progress. So I think, in the near-term, of course, we're not going to be immune to cycle-related corrections. It is a little bit later because of the constraints that we have due to embedded relying on foundry supply. And as you know, we are investing to put capacity in place. And we'll have control of that in the future and really are in a good position to gain share there. So thank you for that Joe, we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question is from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Tore Svanberg: Yes, thank you. Dave, I had a question about the Q4 -- I mean the Q2 outlook. So I know, obviously, you can't guide by market and things like that. But from a bookings perspective, are we starting to see sort of a broad-based recovery in bookings? Or would you still say it's quite selective in all the different applications that you are targeting?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So let me speak to bookings at the top level. We saw bookings increase each month of the quarter. That is very typical that we would see in a first quarter. I don't have bookings by end market. If there's something very unusual going on, of course, that would jump out at us. So that's just not something I have here in front of me. But I would describe it as behaving as we would expect it to. And of course those bookings and other demand signals that we get from our customers are obviously [imbued] (ph) into our guidance. Do you have a follow-on, Tore?
Tore Svanberg: Yes. That's very helpful. As my follow-up, you mentioned there's a few segments within the industrial category that are starting to grow or perhaps have found the bottom from an inventory correction perspective. Can you talk about which segments those are?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Again, as we talked about over the last several quarters now that there was markets that were behaving -- or sectors that were behaving asynchronously. So there are shorter cycle investment sectors that began to roll earlier, longer-term investment cycles that were rolling later, really just the last couple of quarters into it. So it is really -- if you had to kind of divide them out, that's what they would look like. Thank for you that Tore, we will go to the next caller please. And this will be our last caller.
Operator: Our last question is from Chris Caso with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Caso: Yes. Thanks. Good evening. First question is related to the buybacks, and I think you addressed this in a prior question. But I guess the question is, what would be the trigger for being able to resume some degree of buybacks? We realize that the intention is to return 100% of excess free cash flow. But at what point does the cash in the balance sheet and kind of industry conditions allow you to kind of come back to what you've been doing previously?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Well a couple of things. For example, the data point I will give you is our free cash flow for the trailing 12 months was $940 million. And we returned in -- also in trailing 12 months, $4.8 billion. So one catalyst for a change there would be once we're past this investment phase that is consuming a good chunk of that free cash flow. Another catalyst is obviously revenue and how that behaves over a number of years. But -- so these are just some of the puts and takes that we think about when we are allocating capital.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Chris Caso: I do. Thanks. And I guess the question is about where TI is allocating the R&D investment going forward and how that may be changing. Over last year, it looks like auto industrial is about 70% of your revenue, and I know that's by design. But you've got some segments such as comm equipment that have been down a lot more. As we look out over the next two years or so, do you think that percentage of revenue on the segments kind of stays about where it is right now? Or based on the R&D investments you are making, do you think that changes substantially?
Dave Pahl: Yes. And it's a great question, Chris. So let me just use as a backdrop for those that hadn't looked at our capital management slide deck. And Slide 21, shows our percentage of our revenue by end-market. And the middle column there talks about what we're doing directionally from an R&D spend. So -- and we've talked about for some time that -- our belief that there is going to be secular trends and increasing semiconductors and industrial and automotive. And as a result of that, we have been taking investments up there. And the other markets though, if you look at personal electronics and communications equipment, our investments there have been and continue to be very steady because we can find great opportunities inside of those markets. And so we'll continue those investments. And then enterprise systems, we've taken up the investments there slightly. And there is just opportunities, and enterprise systems likely will be a good grower as well. It doesn't have quite the same dynamics, as industrial and automotive for us. But certainly, things that sit inside of enterprise we believe will make that an above-average grower over the next decade [plus] (ph). So with that, I'll turn it over to Rafael to wrap up.
Rafael Lizardi: Okay. Thanks, Dave. Let me wrap up by emphasizing what we have said previously. At our core, we are engineers and technology is the foundation of our company. But ultimately, our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate value for owners is the long-term growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objective, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing. And we will be a company that we're personally proud to be a part of and would [want] (ph) as our neighbor. When we're successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners all benefit. Thank you and have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-23 16:30:00) =====
Dave Pahl: Welcome to the Texas Instruments Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Dave Pahl, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by our Chief Financial Officer Rafael Lizardi. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. In addition, today's call is being recorded and will be available via replay on our website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. I'd like to provide some information that's important for your calendars. Next week, on Thursday, February 1, at 10 a.m. Central Time, we'll have our Capital Management Call. Similar to what we've done in the past, Rafael and I will summarize our progress and provide some insight into our business and our approach to capital allocation as we prepare for the opportunity ahead. Moving on, today we'll provide the following updates. First, I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter. Next I'll provide insight into fourth quarter revenue results with some details of what we're seeing with respect to our end markets. I'll then provide an annual summary of revenue breakout by end market. And lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results and our guidance for the first quarter of 2024. Starting with a quick overview of the quarter. Revenue is $4.1 billion, a decrease of 10% sequentially and 13% from the same quarter a year ago. Analog revenue declined 12% year-over-year and embedded processing declined 10%. Our other segment declined 25% from the year-go-quarter. Now I'll provide some insight into our fourth quarter revenue by end market. Our results reflect increasing weakness in industrial and a sequential decline in automotive as customers work to reduce their inventory levels. Similar to last quarter, I'll focus on sequential performance as it's more informative at this time. First, the industrial market was down mid-teens as we saw that increasing weakness. The automotive market was down mid-single-digits after 3.5 years of very strong growth. Personal electronics was about flat. And next, communications equipment was down low-single-digits. And lastly, enterprise systems grew low single digits. In addition, as we do at the end of each calendar year, I'll describe our revenue by end market. As a percentage of revenue for 2023, industrial was 40%; automotive was 34%; personal electronics 15%; communications equipment 5%; enterprise systems 4%; and other was 2%. In 2023, industrial and automotive combined made up 74% of TI's revenue, up about 9 percentage points from 2022, and up from 42% in 2013. We see good opportunities in all of our markets, but we place additional strategic emphasis on industrial and automotive. Our industrial and automotive customers are increasingly turning to analog and embedded technologies to make their end products more reliable, more affordable, and lower in power. These trends have resulted and will continue to result in growing chip content per application, which will drive faster growth, compared to our other markets. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management, and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave, and good afternoon everyone. As Dave mentioned fourth quarter revenue was $4.1 billion. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.4 billion or 60% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue, higher manufacturing costs associated with planned capacity expansions, and reduced factory loadings. Gross profit margin decreased 650 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $898 million, up 4% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis operating expenses were $3.7 billion or 21% of revenue. Operating profit was $1.5 billion in the quarter or 38% of revenue. Operating profit was down 30% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the fourth quarter was $1.4 billion or $1.49 per share. Earnings per share included a $0.03 benefit for items that were not in our original guidance. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.9 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $1.1 billion in the quarter. In the quarter, we paid $1.2 billion in dividends and repurchased $65 million of our stock. We also increased our dividend per share by 5% in the fourth quarter, marking our 20th consecutive year of dividend increases. In total, we have returned $4.9 billion in the past 12-months to owners. Our balance sheet remains strong with $8.6 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the fourth quarter. Total debt outstanding was $11.3 billion with a weighted average coupon of 3.5%. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $4 billion, up $91 million from the prior quarter and days were 219, up 14 days sequentially. Now let's look at some of these results for the year. In 2023 cash flow from operations was $6.4 billion. Capital expenditures were $5.1 billion. Free cash flow for 2023 was $1.3 billion or 8% of revenue. Our free cash flow reflects the strength of our business model, as well as our decisions to invest in 300 millimeter manufacturing assets and Inventory to support our overall objective to maximize long-term free cash flow per share, which we believe is the primary driver of long-term value. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.45 billion to $3.75 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.96 to $1.16. We now expect our 2024 effective tax rate to be about 13%. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages which are manufacturing and technology, a broad product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash per share growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you so much for taking the question. My first question is on your Q1 outlook, I think at the midpoint you're guiding revenue down 12% or so which is you know clearly well below what we consider to be typical seasonality. Any end markets or regions or device types that you can call out that's driving that view? Or is it broad-based weakness across all applications?
Dave Pahl: Yes, I'll take that, Toshiya. Thanks for the question. In fourth quarter, we did see weakness in industrial, increasing weakness there. We saw the sequential decline in automotive. And as the guide would suggest, we believe that we'll just continue to operate in a weak environment and one where customers are continuing to rebalance their inventories overall. So, but nothing specific to comment on. You have a follow-up?
Toshiya Hari: I do, thanks Dave. Just on gross margins, I think you guys did a good job in explaining what's driving it. Still, I'm a little bit surprised with the year-over-year, kind of, drop through, if you will? Gross margin dollars essentially dropping as much as your revenue. I understand the underutilization, the increase in depreciation. But what are you seeing from a pricing perspective? Is it more pricing than volume that's driving the revenue decline and the decline in gross margins? Or if you can kind of speak to your strategy from a pricing perspective, what you're seeing in the marketplace? That would be helpful. Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yes, Toshiya and I'll remind everyone else, I know you know the industry well, but you know pricing just doesn't move quickly in our markets overall and nor is it the primary reason why a customer chooses our products. So and as we've mentioned before our pricing strategy hasn't changed and of course, we're always regularly monitoring the market and pricing our products appropriately. And as we've talked about now for I think a couple of quarters, as we expected supply and demand to come more in balance, that we would expect pricing to revert back to how it's behaved over the last 10 or 20 years. And over the last six months or so, that's what we've seen. So somewhat of a low-single-digit decline is what we're expecting out in time and wouldn't describe that as unusual. Thanks for the question.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Well go to the next caller please. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I wanted to ask about factory loadings. Dave, gross margin was down maybe 250 basis points. It's kind of implied to be down 250 basis points. Even if I strip out depreciation, it's down about 100 basis points for March. So it seems like utilization is coming down a bit. And CapEx also came in a little bit lower too for December. So the first question on that is, can you talk about loadings? Is March going to be the bottom in loadings and we should see inventory begin to come down also in March? And then I had a follow-up on that too.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, so, no, thanks for the question. So step back in third quarter, at the end of third quarter, we talked about this. As we have near our inventory levels, then we have adjusted our factory loadings accordingly. So in third quarter, we did some of that and that had an impact on gross margins on underutilization. Fourth quarter adjustment was bigger than third quarter. And now going into first quarter, we're taking that adjustment further. So the first quarter adjustment on underutilization will be bigger. But we continue to have an upward bias on inventory as we continue to build the right buffers for the right parts to be ready on the other side of the cycle. So, follow-up?
Timothy Arcuri: I did, yes. So then on CapEx, can you talk about that? It was a little lower. It's running actually quite a bit below the $5 billion run right now. So are you actually cutting CapEx now since you're bringing down factory loading? Thanks.
Rafael Lizardi: No, we're not. In fact, CapEx came in as expected $5.1 billion, and we've been talking about $5 billion per year. So it was right on target. And you should expect, and we expect, to continue running at about $5 billion per year through 2026 as we complete the investment plans that we've been talking about.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thanks, Tim. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citibank. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks guys. Just a follow-up on the utilization rates. So is the target, I guess, inventory level. Has that not changed for you guys? And so do you expect utilization rates to bottom in Q1? Or do you think you might have some more inventory adjustments going into Q2 for TI?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, no, thanks, Chris. So broadly speaking, our inventory targets have not changed over the last six, nine months through this cycle. So we still have some ways to go, clearly less than we did six months ago. But we still have some ways to go on that front. At one point, I talked about $4 billion to $4.5 billion worth of inventory. So that's in the ballpark, and we just finished just shy of $4 billion. But as far as when, underutilization bottoms, that's going to depend on revenue expectations. And at this point, we're only, as always, we only give one quarter at a time. So we'll see where we are 90-days from now and we'll tell you about that.
Dave Pahl: Yes, maybe I'll just add that our target inventory is set really by device. It's -- we look at things like how many customers are buying the product, what the buying patterns look like, how long it takes us to manufacture the product. So it's really a bottoms up plan built on that very, very specifically. So that's what drives that target overall and we want to have inventory position to support growth over the long-term. This is a side comment. So, a follow-on, Chris?
Chris Danely: Yes, thanks guys. I guess just a little bit of color on the end market commentary, thanks for that. On the industrial side, it sounds like most of the downside is due to excess inventory, not demand. I was hoping you could confirm that? And then with automotive weakening, is there any reason why automotive wouldn't fall under the same issues that the industrial end market/inventory would as well?
Dave Pahl: Yes, so I'll start and Rafael if you want to add anything. I would say that the demand signals that we get from customers are orders that they place, whether that's either directly or through consignment feeds. So that's the data that we can see. We actually can't see their inventory levels. We can anecdotally, as we see a market like personal electronics is down 30%, 40%. We know handsets and PCs, that market hasn't gone down as much as that. So we know anecdotally that we're shipping below demand. So we believe that, that's what's going on in industrial. We have customers who have told us that they have built inventory and plan to correct that. So having a real clear picture of what their demand looks like and their channel inventories look like isn't something that we can see directly overall. So and the comment on automotive, we know that customers there did want to build inventory. And we believe that they're in a good position now, so it wasn't surprising that we saw a sequential decline there. So thanks Chris, well go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom O'Malley with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Tom O'Malley: Hey, and thanks for taking my question, guys. I just wanted to understand the linearity of the industrial and automotive declines? When you set out in the quarter, baked into your expectations, were you kind of looking at these two businesses, both a little bit better than they came in or was one a bit worse than the other versus your expectations? And then just in terms of the timing of the quarter, it looks like your finished goods inventory went up a bit more than your other buckets. And I just wanted to understand, is that just because later in the quarter customers were signaling some weaker trends or is there any reason behind the dynamic there? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me start with the second part of the question. And Dave, you want to take the first one? No, the second part, that's just a reflection of our ability to build those inventory buffers that we were talking about. And what you're seeing there is on the finished goods side. That's one, Dave alluded to earlier, that's one set of targets that we have. That's at the finished goods level. Remember, we have 100,000 different parts, and the vast majority of those are what we call catalog, which means they sell to many, many customers. So we want to build a certain finished good level for each one of those parts. But we're also building at the chip level. Think of you know a chip can go into two, three, 10 different finished goods so it works out well to have some chip level inventory operationally, but you also have want to have finished goods. So that's what you saw there.
Dave Pahl: Yes and by end markets, Tom, our guidance, as you saw, where our revenues came in, we were, I think, less than 1% from the midpoint of the guidance range. So the business came in about as we expected and nothing unusual versus our expectation in industrial or automotive overall. So do you have a follow-on for that?
Rafael Lizardi: No its two part question. Yes, that counts as good.
Tom O'Malley: Yes.
Rafael Lizardi: Okay.
Tom O'Malley: All right. Thank you. We appreciate it. Thanks.
Dave Pahl: Next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Just wanted to ask about the product side, the analog versus embedded. Embedded had a significantly better year, dropping 3% versus the analog down 15%. I know there's very different end market exposures for those, but were there other competitive dynamics, pricing dynamics, strategic focus dynamics, anything else to explain the difference between the performance of those two segments?
Dave Pahl: Yes, Ross, I think your instincts are spot on that the first lens to look at things is through the end markets and embedded has is heavied up in industrial and automotive, so revenues there were stronger for a longer period of time. The second consideration is that embedded relies on foundry wafer supply more heavily. Most of our analog businesses done internally. So there the constraints lasted longer and have now been resolved and are behind us, so that created some of the lag between there as well. So, and as you know, our CapEx plans and spend will have more of our wafers overall built internally, which is inclusive of embedded. You have a follow-on?
Ross Seymore: Yes, I do and it's kind of a cyclical question. You guys are astute students of cyclicality of this whole industry. I think this is going to be including your guide the sixth quarter of negative year-over-year comps. Do you see anything that's TI specific, that's different this cycle, you know, pricing just got so good before, now it's a bigger headwind, you kind of addressed the pricing dynamic a little bit before, but what's making this duration so much longer and is any of it TI specific?
Dave Pahl: Yes, Ross, you know, I think I'll make a comment and Rafael if you want to add anything. You know, what all cycles are the same and they're all different right as we've all studied them over time. What's clearly different this time is how the markets have behaved in the bifurcation. We saw personal electronics begin to weaken second quarter a year ago and automotive you know just we saw the sequential decline this last quarter. So in the other markets somewhere in between. So and then in addition I think that, you know, we've had lots of other noise that's inside of the system, whether that's been pricing, as you mentioned. We've had non-cancellable, non-rescheduled orders and other longer-term contracts that have required customers to take product that they don't need, whether companies are using distributors more heavily than others. So all of that adds noise into it. So I think we just need to let that noise wring itself out over the cycle. And what we're focused on, of course, is investing in our competitive advantages, getting stronger. We believe that we're in a great position to continue to gain share over the long-term.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, I just want to clarify for those who maybe new on the call, when Dave talked about non-cancellable, non-returnable, or that's not, we don't do that. Many of our competitors have done that. So that, in our view, distorts the market. That wasn't the case with us. And the second point, distributors, same thing. Our distributor footprint is much smaller than with many of our competitors. We're down to 25% or so for our revenue through distribution, so 75% direct, whereas many of our competitors are the opposite, so
Dave Pahl: Great clarification. Thank you, Ross. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Pleased to see you with your question.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you. I wonder if you could talk about the Chips Act, how that's kind of flowing through both the investment tax credit and then any thoughts you may have on timing of kind of grant issuances or things like that?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, I'm happy to talk about that. So first, let me address the ITC first and then I'll go to the grant. So the ITC investment tax credit 25% credit on CapEx or manufacturing in the United States. We have accrued to-date over the last year and a half or so $1.4 billion. We expect to get about $500 million of that later this year, probably in fourth quarter as far as the current law and regulations stipulate. And we'll get the rest further down the road, mostly the following year and then after that. And we'll continue to accrue that benefit, just again, 25% on anything we spend in the United States for manufacturing. That's the cash side and the balance sheet. On the P&L, we're already seeing the benefit as lower depreciation. That benefit tends to be small, has been small so far because for example, some of that is for buildings that haven't even started to depreciate, but it will build up over time on that front. So that's the ITC. The grants, we submitted our application for those in December. And at this point, we will wait to hear from the Department of Commerce and see what happens there.
Dave Pahl: Is there a follow-on Joe?
Joe Moore: Yes, I did. So I think, obviously that stuff will help the cash flow down the road, but your free cash flow is below the level of the dividend. Right now, I assume it's pretty important to keep paying the dividend. Where does that leave you in terms of share repurchases and other uses of cash?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, first, I would point you to our operating cash. Our business model is very strong and our operating cash flow is very strong and it supports our investment for growth through the cycle. So clearly with the levels of CapEx that we have right now, that hits the free cash flow. But big picture understand and look at the operating cash, even in a depressed environment with the revenue, depressed operating cash flow is very strong. We also have very strong balance sheet. And we just finished the year at $8.6 billion. You know, when it comes to repurchases, I would take you to our objectives on capital management for cash return, and our objective is to return all free cash flow via dividends and repurchases. Each one of those has different objectives on dividends and repurchases, but we have a really good track record over many years of doing both of those.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Joe. Go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Harlan Sur: Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Up through Q3 of last spring, the team had seen numerous consecutive quarters of increasing cancellations and push-offs, typical customer behavior in a weak demand environment. I assume, given your commentary, that the team continues to see cancellations, push-outs, activity expanding into the December quarter. You're almost a month into March. Are you still seeing cancellations and push-outs expanding or starting to maybe see some signs of stabilization?
Dave Pahl: Yes Harlan, you know, as you would expect we have seen cancellations in the quarter and fourth quarter had remained elevated. I wouldn't describe them as increasing, but just at higher levels. You know, and we're still early inside of the quarter. I would say all of, you know, what's going on with cancellations and the backlog that we see is all comprehended in our guidance and in our outlook.
Harlan Sur: Okay, Perfect. And then, yeah, from a geographical perspective, China headquarters shipment still about 20% of your sales through the October quarter of last year. This geography has experienced the most significant decline during this downturn. It's down about 33% year-to-date up through Q3 of last year, your total business was down 13%, right? Is this geography continuing to contribute to the weakness stepping into this year, or is the weakness more U.S. and European-based?
Dave Pahl: Yes, I would say when you look regionally this quarter from a -- just from a dollar standpoint you've got sequentially all the regions were down with the exception of the rest of Asia. So nothing unusual with China going on specifically there overall. So again, when we look at our business, I think most of that is explained by the end markets and certainly, we hadn't seen a recovery inside of China that I think most of us were expecting.
Harlan Sur: Okay. Thank you, Dave.
Dave Pahl: Go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Buchalter with TD Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Buchalter: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I want to ask you about how you're thinking about OpEx given the extended softness. Any thoughts on getting more defensive with OpEx? Does the weakness last longer than expected? Or you grew OpEx 8% in 2023. Is that sort of the right level that you think you need to be investing in the business for the long-term growth? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, you know, big picture. We have a disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D and SG&A to the best opportunities. And we've held a steady hand throughout a number of years, pre-pandemic, during the pandemic, post-pandemic, where we managed OpEx very well during that time and didn't get ahead of our skis. So we will continue with that discipline process. Remember, of course, these investments, particularly industrial automotive, which is what we're biased in, are investments. They're very long-term in nature. You're not going to -- what you save now is going to would hurt your long-term revenue growth so we're not going to do that so we're going to maintain those investments for the long-term.
Dave Pahl: A follow-on Josh.
Joshua Buchalter: Yes, thank you. I guess I wanted to ask about your fixed cost leverage. I mean, you've been in the past, you've talked about I think 75% gross margin fall through on incremental revenue. Is that still the right metric we should be using given revenues a good amount lower and depreciation is larger? I'd just be curious to hear if anything in the mechanics of that math has changed. And basically when can the incremental 300 millimeter capacity start flowing through the gross margins and be margin accretive? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, so the math is still the same. The fault-through issue used is 70% to 75% that is still a reasonable starting point. You then have to adjust for depreciation, as you alluded to, and our depreciation, I gave you an update on that 90-days ago, but I'll reinforce that in a second, but you have to adjust for that. And then there are always put some takes on any given quarter, like right now it's underutilization, but at some point that goes the other way. Throughout this time, as you pointed out, we will continue to benefit increasingly from 300 millimeter, more 300 millimeter wafers, which have a cost advantage. So, let me go back to the appreciation just to make sure everybody has the right number. It's the same as what I said 90 days ago. For 2024, expect $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion and for 2025, expect $2 billion to $2.5 billion.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Josh. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of CJ Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed with your question.
CJ Muse: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question, your revenue outlook for March basically gets us back to kind of pre-COVID first-half 2020 levels, yet at the same time your inventory is roughly double. And so curious, how are you thinking about kind of normalized inventory over time? And also, how are you thinking about coming out of the trough, what kind of a gross margin recovery will look like given where your inventory levels are today?
Rafael Lizardi: So that's a multi-part question in many angles to that. What I would tell you, high level, we're very comfortable with our inventory level. Right now we're just shy of $4 billion as I said earlier on the call. We have continued upward bias for at least one more quarter, probably a couple quarters at least, an upward bias on that. But that is good inventory for catalog parts that sell to many customers that last a long time. So I feel really good about that. But we'll see how things play out on the other side of the cycle and depending on demand and different things. But I would expect to continue holding relatively high levels of inventory. We just in a different position than we were even three or four years ago in terms of how much of our revenue and our parts are in industrial automotive, in catalog type of parts that last a long time. So our strategy is such that it makes sense to have that inventory. Our order fulfillment processes have also improved. We have ti.com and different tools that we can leverage to go direct to market. We have a much higher percent of our revenue now 35% is direct. So all those factors play into having more inventory as a real leverage point that we can use to serve our customers even better.
Dave Pahl: A follow-on CJ?
CJ Muse: Thanks, Dave. A quick follow-up to a prior question. I know you can't share too much, but your application clearly in for the Chips Act. I guess we should hear results between now and the summer. I guess is there anything you can share on that front and perhaps how it's kind of impacting your thoughts on the capacity you're bringing online?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, no, unfortunately, no, there's nothing we can share. It's really up to the Department of Commerce, we sent our application and we'll see where that goes. What I would say, just like I said before, is when we decided about a year ago to take our CapEx up from $3.5 billion per year to $5 billion per year, and this tremendous plan to build more fabs in the United States, we comprehended Chips grant in that decision. So that was part of our thinking there. But at this point, yes, that's all we can share on that front.
Dave Pahl: All right. Thank you, CJ. And I think we've got time for one more caller, please.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Chris Caso with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Guys, I just did, just trying to understand a little bit about why the customers may have reacted as they did. Because we know your lead times have normalized well in advance of the rest of the industry. Do you think this is just simply a function of end markets took another leg down here? Do you think perhaps some of your customers were delaying their inventory adjustments until they saw lead times for the rest of the industry come down? Because we know that's also some of your competitors lagged your lead time normalization. Perhaps that was a factor here?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Chris, as you know, you can't pin it on one thing, especially we've got well over 100,000 customers and 80,000 products that we're managing. As Rafael was talking about, building inventory, we've got essentially all of our catalog products, or almost all of our catalog products, now immediately available on ti.com. And our objective with inventory and the capacity we're putting on place is to have our customer service metrics remain high, which means keeping lead times stable. So you know I think in some markets we've seen customers that have told us that they were planning and have built their capacity and their inventories to grow at 25% in the coming year and they showed up and their plans changed and they're only going to grow 10%, right? So they told us they won't be ordering product for some time as they, you know, equalize those numbers. They're still going to have healthy growth, but it's hard to put that across all of those 100,000 customers into one short concise statement. Have a follow on?
Chris Caso: Yes, fair enough. And if you could help us with the impact of the underutilization right now, how much of a headwind is that providing right now on a cost to sales basis? And then on the other side of this, when we finally get to a recovery, what will be the right way to model this? Will there be a bigger snapback as some of the underutilization comes off or do we just kind of go back to sort of those mid-70s incremental margins and the way back up?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, so what I would tell you first, we don't quantify underutilization, but you can fairly reasonably back into it just looking at our numbers, our midpoint or range, our midpoint and then consider the depreciation, expected depreciation increase and it'd be relatively straightforward for you to back into something reasonable for first quarter on the underutilization impact there. Now after that, it's all going to depend on revenue and revenue expectations because of course, depending what those are in the second-half of the year, let's say 90-days from now, then that will be a big factor in determining how the factories will run. But the bigger picture is, you know, all this deployment of CapEx that we're doing is all on 300 millimeter, which has a 40% cost advantage versus 200 millimeter. Several questions people asked earlier, it has ITC benefits on that. So it's coming in at 25% discount on the ITC and we'll see how much we get on grants. So they fall through on those investments for many, many years will be very positive, I would say. So with that, Dave?
Dave Pahl: Yes, thank you, Rafael. Thank you all for joining us. We look forward to sharing our capital management update next Thursday, February 1 at 10 a.m. Central Time, as I mentioned earlier. And a replay of this call will be available shortly on our website. Good evening.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Dave Pahl: Welcome to the Texas Instruments Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Dave Pahl, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by our Chief Financial Officer Rafael Lizardi. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. In addition, today's call is being recorded and will be available via replay on our website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. Today, we'll provide the following updates: First, I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter. Next, I'll provide insight into third quarter revenue results, with some details of what we are seeing with respect to our end markets. Lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results, give an update on capital management, as well as share the guidance for our fourth quarter 2023. Starting with a quick overview of the third quarter: Revenue in the quarter came in about as expected at $4.5 billion, flat sequentially and a decrease of 14% year-over-year. Analog revenue declined 16%, Embedded Processing grew 8%, and our Other segment declined 32% from the year-ago quarter. Now I'll provide some insight into our third quarter revenue by market. During the quarter, automotive growth continued and industrial weakness broadened. Similar to last quarter, I'll focus on sequential performance, as it is more informative at this time. First, the industrial market was down mid-single digits, with weakness broadening across nearly all sectors. The automotive market continued to grow and was up mid-single digits. Personal electronics was up about 20% off of a low base. And next, communications equipment was down upper teens. And finally, enterprise systems grew upper-single digits. Given where the market is right now, it is a good time to remind everyone of our plan and areas of strategic investment. First, our confidence in the secular growth of semiconductor content per system, especially in industrial and automotive, remains high, and we are well positioned in these markets. Second, our long-term 300 millimeter manufacturing roadmap provides our customers with geopolitically dependable capacity. To support these buildouts and enable future growth, we continue to expect associated capital expenditures to be about $5 billion per year through 2026. In addition, we made good progress on our inventory replenishment, consistent with our long-term objectives to support growth and provide high levels of customer service. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook. Rafael?
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Third quarter revenue was $4.5 billion, down 14% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.8 billion, or 62% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue and, to a lesser extent, higher manufacturing costs associated with planned capacity expansion and reduced factory loadings. As a reminder, LFAB-related charges transitioned to cost of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022. Gross profit margin decreased 690 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $923 million, up 7% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were $3.7 billion, or 20% of revenue. Operating profit was $1.9 billion in the quarter, or 42% of revenue, and was down 29% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the third quarter was $1.7 billion, or $1.85 per share. Earnings per share included a $0.5 benefit for items that were not in our original guidance. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.9 billion in the quarter and $6.5 billion on a trailing 12-month basis. Capital expenditures were $1.5 billion in the quarter and $4.9 billion over the last 12 months. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $1.6 billion. In the quarter, we paid $1.1 billion in dividends and repurchased about $50 million of our stock. In September, we announced we would increase our dividend by 5%, marking our 20th consecutive year of dividend increases. This action reflects our continued commitment to return free cash flow to our owners over time. In total, we have returned $5.6 billion in the past 12 months. Our balance sheet remains strong with $8.9 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the third quarter. Total debt outstanding was $11.3 billion with a weighted average coupon of 3.5%. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $3.9 billion, and days were 205, down two days sequentially. Inventory was up $179 million in the third quarter, less than half the increase versus the prior quarter, as we near our desired inventory levels. Therefore, we began to lower factory starts in the third quarter, which results in additional charges to the income statement. This impact is comprehended in our outlook. For the fourth quarter we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.93 billion to $4.27 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.35 to $1.57 as we continue to operate in a weak environment. Lastly, we continue to expect our 2023 effective tax rate to be about 13% to 14%. As you are looking at your models for 2024, based on current tax law, we would expect our effective tax rate to remain about what it is in 2023. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, a broad product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your question.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys, thanks for taking my questions. My first one, I did want to ask about gross margins. So I mean depending on what I assume for OpEx next quarter, I'm getting something like 250 basis points of compression maybe more. I know you talked a little bit about how some of that is the impact of utilization. Can you give us some feeling for, I guess, like the magnitude of the different drivers' utilization, lower revenue depreciation, pricing, and how we ought to be thinking about that trajectory as we get into the next year? Is there more to go, I guess, is what I'm asking.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Thanks, Stacy. Let me try to help you with that. Of course, for the forecast, we give a range of revenue and a range of NPS, not the pieces. But let me go through some of what I said for third quarter, which applies for fourth quarter and beyond. So for third quarter, like I said in the preferred remarks, in third quarter gross profit decreased primarily due to revenue, so thats the first driver, then to a lesser extent higher manufacturing costs associated with planned capacity expansion, namely depreciation is the main one there, and reduce the factory loadings and that's the underutilization component. Then as I also said in the prepared remarks, inventory, which is the other side of the coin, as we near desired levels of inventory we will begin lowering factory starts in the third quarter. So there was an impact in third quarter due to that on the income statement. There will be a bigger impact in fourth quarter due to that. Beyond that, we're not forecasting, but of course that will depend on revenue expectations well into next year. Do you have a follow-up?
Stacy Rasgon: I do. Thanks. So you gave us a little color on the end market behavior in Q3. Can you give us some thoughts on, at least even qualitatively, what to expect by end market into Q4? And particularly for auto, it sounds like auto in Q3 was so strong. Do you still see that strength continuing in the Q4 in the year end?
Dave Pahl: Yes, Stacy, I'll take that. When you look at the guidance, it would suggest and we believe that we continue to operate in a weak environment in general. And if there was something significant that was changing from one quarter to the next as our typical practice, we highlight that and we just don't have anything to specifically call out for -- into fourth quarter. So thanks and we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Dave, I also had a question on autos. It sounds like it's holding in there despite this broadening strike. And I guess the question is, are more of your customers on consignment in that business or is the split in autos about the same as that, two-third, one-third versus the rest of the company? And I ask because I'm wondering sort of what you're seeing on the Disti side that you would sell into autos. Do you see bookings at least, weakening that would be more consistent with what we're seeing in terms of this strike and some of the weak macro numbers that we see?
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yes. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, it was up, auto was up mid-single digits sequentially and it was up 20% when you look year-on-year. So obviously that growth had continued. In general, I would say that a market like automotive and personal electronics will have larger customers. Those larger customers tend to be biased to more consignment. So we would have that probably more in automotive than if I contrast it to a market perhaps like industrial. But overall, as you know, we've moved to having closer direct relationships with customers, which would include the customers that we have in automotive. And I think we service pretty close to 1,000 or so different automotive OEMs, so there is quite a bit of broadness in who we serve there. You have a follow on, Tim?
Timothy Arcuri: I do, Dave. Yes. So what would it take to -- for you to think about cutting CapEx? And I ask because the plan was put into place when revenue was quite a bit higher than where it is today. Is there kind of a line in the sand for revenue where you would reconsider the plan? I know you've actually increased the plan. Well, revenues continue to weaken, but is there some like tree around, is there some -- if it weakens to this point, you would consider cutting CapEx. Just wondering any comments there. Thanks.
Dave Pahl: Yes, let me comment on that. We're very pleased with the progress on our manufacturing expansion. They will provide geopolitically dependable capacity to support customer growth for the coming decade. And as you know, semiconductor content continues to increase. And to provide us the ability to grow at that 10% growth rate that we talked about at the last capital management call, if the market requires that, we'll continue to make those investments. So we continue to expect $5 billion of CapEx per year in 2023, 2024, 2025, and 2026. So you should count on that. Let me also give everyone, as a reminder, these CapEx numbers are gross, meaning they do not include benefits from the ITC or grants from the CHIPs Act. So we're actively working through the grant application process with the CHIPS program office, which we believe will be meaningful to our manufacturing operations in Texas and Utah and will help support semiconductor growth for decades to come. And funding from the CHIPS Act grants was comprehended in our decision making for these investments.
Timothy Arcuri: Great.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Tim. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for asking a question. In the third quarter I think it was the first time in a few years that you guys just came in at the midpoint of your guidance. Usually you beat it by 2%, 3%, 4%, something like that. So I guess my question is, anything strange in the linearity in the quarter, either by end market, just aggregate bookings, any color on that you could provide?
Dave Pahl: Nothing strange. Ross, I'd say that the revenue built as we went through the quarter. And I'd say just in general, it's reflective of a weak environment that we're operating in, which is obvious from the guidance that we're giving. Do you have a follow on?
Ross Seymore: I do. On the end market side of things, you said automotive was up about 20% year-over-year. I know oftentimes you go between giving sequentials or year-over-years, but could you give us year-over-years by the end markets, please?
Dave Pahl: Certainly, certainly, yes. So industrial market was down mid-teens. I mentioned automotive was up about 20%. Personal electronics was down about 30%. Comms equipment was down about 50%. And enterprise system was down about 40%. So I think consistent with that weaker environment that we talked about. So thank you, Ross. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I was hoping you guys could elaborate a little bit on the pricing environment. I think many of us have been picking up evidence of the pricing environment, particularly in Asia, intensifying over the past couple of months or a couple of quarters. You don't really give pricing as a reason for gross margins to be down sequentially and year-over-year, but what kind of role is pricing playing? Has your strategy changed at all, whether it be on the analog side or MCU side?
Dave Pahl: Yes, so thanks for that question. Always helpful to be able to clarify that. First, I'll just start with pricing doesn't move quickly in our markets, nor is it a primary reason that customers choose our products. So we're typically agreeing to pricing that's out six months or on an annual basis for the following year. And so, we're continuing to move through that. Our pricing strategy, as we mentioned before, hasn't changed. So we're regularly monitoring what's going on with pricing. We always have a goal to remain competitive. And certainly a supply and demand has come into balance, or more closer to balance. We've said for some time that we would expect that pricing to behave like it has over the last couple of decades, meaning, low single digit decline. So as we move out in time, that's what we're beginning to see. So really no changes other than going back to what we've seen over the last couple of decades. You have a follow on?
Dave Pahl: Yes, I do. Thanks, Dave. So I guess over the past 12 months, OpEx is up about 10%. Revenue is down about 10%. So as we think about calendar 2024, I was hoping you could give us a hint as to how to think about OpEx. And Dave, I think you used to give, or you had given multi-year guidance on depreciation. How should we -- to the extent there are any updates, how should we think about 2024 and 2025 depreciation? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. No, thanks for the question. I'll address both OpEx and depreciation. So on OpEx, we've held a steady hand on OpEx for many years and we'll continue to do so. So as an example, to illustrate the point, from 2017 to 2021 we ran at about $3.2 billion of OpEx. And then in 2022, it ticked off to $3.4 billion. And now we're running at about $3.7 billion on a trailing 12-month basis. So you can see the steady hand and just a bit of an increase over the last few years. And that's, as we have has a steady hand with our hires, new college hires, and as we make investments to continue to strengthen the company in the case of R&D, the broad portfolio in the case with sales and TI.com on the reach of our channels. Then on depreciation, so our CapEx expansions are unchanged. We talked about that, addressed it with previous callers. So $5 billion of CapEx per year for the next 2023 and three years beyond that, as we have been talking about. Now when it comes to depreciation, as time has passed, we have more clarity on what to expect on depreciation. So for fourth quarter, let me start fourth quarter of 2023, we expect depreciation to increase on a quarterly basis at about the same rate as what we have been seeing throughout 2023. So essentially, we're going to end the year just shy of $1.2 billion, maybe [11.90, 11.80, 11.70] (ph), somewhat in that range for the year. As an update for 2024, we expect depreciation to be between $1.5 and $1.8 billion, and for 2025 to be between $2 billion and $2.5 billion.
Toshiya Hari: Very helpful. Thank you so much.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Toshiya. Now we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you. I had a question on factory loadings and inventory. So correct me if I'm wrong. I thought that thinking up until now has been we've got to be ready for the upturn and so, we're building inventory for that. And you have highlighted that over several quarters. Look, we're not -- we don't have a target, but you did raise the target in terms of how much inventory you want to carry. So this change, which I want to make sure I'm reading it right, that you're taking underutilization charge because you've reached a desired level of inventory. Is that a reflection that your expectation for the recovery is changing, i.e. you're expecting a slower ramp in revenues than what you perhaps were thinking a couple of quarters ago?
Rafael Lizardi: Let me start and Dave if you want to chime in. But we have targets for where we want inventory levels to be and that goes by product and by state of finish of those products. So for example, of the 80,000 different products that we have, more than -- the vast majority of those are catalog, meaning, they sell to many, many customers. They last for a long, long time. So we can have so many years of inventory at the chip level or finished goods level, in many cases, at both levels, and that's based on our internal process to set those. So those are the -- and in aggregate, that's added up to $4 billion to $4.5 billion, and that's what we've been kind of guiding to and we've been talking about. But what really matters is what happens at the very specific level on a part-by-part number. So as we have near those levels, and you see our inventory level, our inventory levels have increased about $500 million per quarter for two quarters, and then this last quarter, $179 million. So clearly, there is a deceleration of that growth, and that's on purpose because as we near those levels, then we have slowed down the factory starts, that goes primarily with the fab, but also with the assembly test operations. And then we -- that slowdown will continue into fourth quarter. So they reversed the other side of slowing your factory loading is the underutilization charges. So as we near those levels, we are ready to be on the other side of this cycle for the upturn. And of course, it's not just inventory. Capacity is really the bigger driver, but you know what we've been doing on that now for a number of years and we're investing, but inventory really bridges that gap as an upturn happens until you get your factories really cranking at a higher level.
Dave Pahl: Yes, and I'll just add and bring back to our capital management that we've been saying for, I think, over a decade now, our objective with inventory is to maintain high levels of customer service, keep our lead time stable, keep product availability really high. So as we talked about earlier, ti.com, really, essentially all of our catalog products are available for immediate shipment. Lead times are stable. And so, we are prepared for that next upturn when it does come. You have a follow on, Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes, quick one Dave. Just looking at the year-over-year in the fourth quarter, double-digit year-over-year decline, and I looked back many years. There have been other cycles where we've had multiple quarters of negative, but not that many times we have seen a double-digit kind of four, five quarters. I just wanted your perspective on what you folks are seeing this cycle versus and I know no cycle is the same, but just kind of give -- just help investors think about how to think about that double-digit four quarters and could be potentially longer year-over-year decline? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yes. And I think we all know as being students of studying the cycles over the years. They're all the same and they're all different at the same time and they're unique. The one thing that is unique, of course, with the cycle is how the markets have behaved differently. We've seen bifurcation and really lined up very well with when markets recovered. So PE was the first to recover and was very strong early on. The other markets followed very shortly after that and Automotive was last. As you remember, many automotive manufacturers struggle to restart their factories and people weren't going to showrooms when we are in the midst of the pandemic. So really, as we've seen things begin to roll over, Personal Electronics was first. It was then followed by the other markets, and yet we still have automotive that's hanging in there. So I think that's the one thing that's unique. And I think as we've learned and studied the cycles, our product portfolio has changed as well over time. But the best time to be preparing for the upturn is before it shows up. So that's what we've been busy doing and we think we're in a great position to support the next upturn and to continue to gain share. So, thank you, Ambrish. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of the Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to go back to automotive just to make sure that I understood what you said. Do your comments imply that you're seeing a largely seasonal environment in Q4 with no changes in terms of orders to traditional or EV customers? And if that is the case, if I understood it correctly, isn't that surprising given the macro headwinds that sector is facing?
Dave Pahl: Vivek, your question was on third quarter or on fourth quarter?
Vivek Arya: So what is being -- I think when you were asked before, you said that if there was anything abnormal, you would have mentioned it. So I assume that because you didn't mention it, that it is normal.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So yes, what I said is that, if there was something that we needed to explain the outlook or unusual or however you want to describe it, we would do that. So I'm stopping at that point intentionally. And we'll finish up the quarter and report out what happens in the fourth quarter. Do you have a follow-up?
Vivek Arya: Yes. On depreciation, what is driving the revision? Because your CapEx doesn't seem to be changing. And then kind of part B of that is, if I take that year-on-year delta, Rafael, I think it's about $400 million, $500 million or so incremental in 2024. So at the current revenue run rate, that's a 2 point to 3 point headwind to gross margin. I just wanted to make sure that I got those two points right.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So the -- for 2024, I said $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion, and that is down from what you probably had before $2 billion. And for 2025, I said $2 billion to $2.5 billion, so that is down from $2.5 which we had said before. And the reason, as you pointed out, CapEx is not changing, so that's not the reason. It's just as time has said, we have more clarity on what to expect. So for example, depreciation on tools that doesn't start until the tool. It's not only received but installed and then qualified and thats when depreciation starts. So that doesn't happen immediately. So as we have learned more as to how that process works with all the number of tools that we're receiving for the various factories, then we're providing an update on depreciation. Thank you.
Vivek Arya: And the gross margin headwind, is that -- did I have the calculation right? It's a 2 point to 3 point headwind on gross margins.
Rafael Lizardi: Well, so we've given you the tools to calculate gross margin. So let me remind everybody what that is. First is revenue. So you pick the revenue that you believe is going to happen for the next several years. And it's working on a quarterly basis, but of course in any quarter there are a lot of puts and takes, but better to do it over longer horizons. So you start with revenue, then you fold that through at 70% to 75%, which by the way, that is reflective of the great, not only geopolitically dependable capacity that we're putting in place, but it is all that new fab capacity is 300 millimeters. So it has a structural cost advantage, not to mention that we're getting ITC and grants benefits that is installed in the United States. But -- so then you fold that through at 70% to 75%. Then you need to account for the added depreciation. So this year it's probably going to be close to $1.2 billion, and then next year it just gave you $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion. So if you want to pick a point between that, then you get your added depreciation for 2024. And then at a high level, that's it. But of course, in any given quarter, even in any given year, but especially in any given quarter, you have to put some takes. And one of them that we're seeing right now is the underutilization. But that right now is headwind, but that can also be a tailwind when we're on the other side and we're increasing loadings and that -- what does that is that, then it comes back the other way, right? So -- but that's more of a tactical comment that happens in some quarters. Hopefully that answers your question.
Vivek Arya: Yeah. Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Vivek. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Moore: Yes, thank you. I wonder if you could walk us through the calculation on the underutilization charge. I mean, I think it seems like with over [indiscernible] of inventory, you would see the cost impact of that in six months, but you're pulling it forward. Can you just talk about how you determine how much to pull forward?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Well, so it's an accounting process and it's essentially when you're below what's considered normal utilization, that percent that you're below that -- and that is generally determined by wafer and the fab is wafer starts and out in the assembly test operation as your -- the number of units that you're producing and you divide that by the capacity that you can get, the maximum capacity. You establish a normal, which is where you normally expect to be. That could be 85%, 90%, 95%, depending on the situation. And whenever you're below that, then you take that percent that you're below and then you take those fixed costs and go straight to the P&L instead of going into inventory. So some of those costs that will come in fixed costs, some of them are depreciation, but it's not only depreciation. You have electricity, for example, is largely fixed. You use [indiscernible] whether that tool is running production or not as long as it's plugged in. So you take that into account. And then at the end of the day, you're not creating money when you do that, you just essentially put it on the balance sheet or the P&L. And in this case, it's going directly into the P&L as a linked quarter charge because that portion of the capacity is not producing. Now one more comment, that gives us tremendous operating leverage on the other side of that, right? Because think about fixed costs on the way down, they heard of it. But on the way up, they're fixed, right? So from a cash standpoint, on the way up, you don't spend any more and then you get just tremendous cash fall-throughs on the revenue, particularly when it's 300-millimeter capacity at very low cost.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, Joe?
Joe Moore : Great. Thank you. Separately, on the comm infrastructure business seemed quite soft, both quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year. I know that business isn't a focus for you guys, but can you talk about what's driving that weakness?
Dave Pahl: Yes. And it -- last year was about 7% of our revenue, Joe. So we can find great opportunities in Comms Equipment. We continue to invest, we just don't think it has the secular growth that other markets like industrial, automotive fab. So we continue to make investments there. And as we've talked about that market over the years, it's one that just tends to be choppy. We believe that they're continuing to adjust their inventory levels as we work our way through this quarter. And as I mentioned earlier, it's down 50%. So that's a pretty significant drop. So yes -- so again, long term, we think it's a great market and we're positioned well there, but it will have these types of moves overall. Okay. thanks Joe. We will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you, Dave. Thank you, Rafael. So you talked about operating in a weak environment. Could you also give us some color on bookings trends, maybe even the current run rate versus where you think consumption is? Just trying to understand, and this goes back to Ambrish's question about four consecutive quarters of double-digit declines. So yes, any color on bookings trends would be really helpful.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So as I mentioned, I think as part of another question on revenue order linearity, there was nothing unusual inside of that. Secondly, we obviously, we're describing the environment as being weak. And we don't have a system that tells us, are we shipping above or below demand. The strongest signal that we get is orders from customers. Now as we talked about earlier comms, or a market like Personal Electronics was the first market to go into the downturn. We've had a couple of quarters of growth inside of that market. Now it's up off of a very weak base. But we are seeing that as a trend. If you compare that to the industrial market, we had seen that, let's say, let's call it, about half of the sectors begin to weaken a couple of quarters ago, it was really this quarter that we saw that, that weakness is broadening. So customers, we believe, inside of markets like that inside of markets like Comms equipment that we said they're adjusting their inventories as such. So again, that provides us the opportunity both strategically with building the capacity and more tactically, building, putting in place the inventory to be able to support the next upturn because it will certainly come. Do you have a follow-on?
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you, Dave. Very helpful. Follow-on for Rafael. Rafael, thank you for the depreciation numbers for the next few years. Do you also have an update us on the timing of the offsets to the depreciation, especially in relation to ITC and the CHIPS Act and anything new there?
Rafael Lizardi: So nothing new, frankly. The ITC is the expectation is similar, which is about a 20% to 25% credit on everything that is spent on CapEx in the U.S. for fabs. So what we said back in February is that that's going to be roughly $4 billion of the $20 billion or so that for CapEx, the $5 billion more. So roughly about $4 billion of that we're going to get back on ITC about one year offset. Of that, we have already accrued $1.2 billion on the balance sheet. So you'll see that on our balance sheet on the long-term assets. A portion of that, we will get some time next year, probably by fourth quarter next year is when we expect to get that cash, so that's when the cash will start flowing in. As I mentioned in an earlier call, on an earlier question, we are actively applying for the grant. So that's going to be in addition to the ITC. We're not counting on that. We don't have any numbers on that because you have to apply, you have to wait until the Department of Commerce makes that decision. But we are -- we're planning on receiving the funding from the CHIPS Act grant was comprehended in our decision, and we firmly believe we are very well positioned to receive those funds, and we're a great candidate for that, and we believe there will be meaningful to manufacturing operations in Texas and Utah to support semiconductor growth and the objectives of the CHIPS program office.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you, Tore. Let's go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Thank you. Good afternoon. China headquartered shipments or about 20% of to the first half of this year. Does this geography has experienced the most significant decline. I think it was down like 33%, 35% year-over-year in the first half of this year. Much of your China business is focused on industrial. Is this geography continuing to contribute to the weakness here in Q4? And what other geographies are you seeing that is contributing to this broadening out of sort of the weak industrial trends?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So let me -- I'll speak to what we saw in the third quarter. And just in general, including industrial in China continue to remain weak. So, I think if we're having this call a year ago or so, as China came out of COVID, I think most of us would have expected there to be a more significant rebound, which just hasn't materialized. So yes, I think when you look at on a regional basis compared with the year ago, the only region that was up was Japan. So the other regions were down. And so, again, just described that weakness as being very broad in nature. Do you have a follow-on, Harlan?
Harlan Sur: Yes. Thank you. So your embedded business continues to hold up relatively well, right? Trailing 12 months, it's up 8% year-over-year. You've talked about the positive strategy changes in embedded. Last quarter, you also cited some constraints. I assume that those constraints have fully normalized. So do you anticipate embedded continuing to hold up? Or do you anticipate this segment starting to weaken from here with some of the capacity constraints potentially easing?
Dave Pahl: Yes. As we talked about before, we had focused on changing the product strategy that we had inside of embedded. I'd say we're very pleased with the results that we have so far. Our first objective was to stabilize that business. And we continue to invest in it because we believe it has long-term growth potential and contribution to free cash flow. So we're very pleased with where we're going. I think more tactically, as we talked about last quarter, we saw that business does rely more heavily on foundry suppliers. We began to see those -- that capacity begin to free up for us. And I think that it was different because we had capacity in place to service analog, our own capacity there overall. So, yes. So again, we think that business long term is going to be a great driver for us in the future. So thank you. And I think we've got time for one more caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Dave, can you remind us what's in the other segment besides calculators and perhaps why that end market was down so much more than the others? I know it's very seasonal from calculators, but there was a big drop year-over-year.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So besides calculators, we have our DLP or Digital Processor Products that are in there. So those products are continuing to make their way through inventory correction overall. And calculators had a weaker back-to-school this season. Do you have a follow-on?
William Stein: Yes, perhaps something that hasn't come up in a while, but lead times. We were dealing with this golden screw issue for a while where there were quite a number of parts or quite a big part of the, let's say, all the available SKUs that had very extended lead times with revenue down as much as it is. I'm guessing that, that's mostly resolved and lead times are like sort of stock to four weeks for most things at this point. But if you could level set me on that, the degree to which there are still extended lead times, that would be really helpful. Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yes. So and I may have mentioned this earlier, but almost all of our catalog products are available on ti.com for immediate shipment. And so, as we approach our desired level of inventory, we've got a product that is positioned both in finished goods as well as in wafer form to be able to restock that. Of course, lead times, therefore, are what I described normal levels and continue to be consistent. And there's probably no time that we don't -- with so many different products and so many different customers. We'll have hotspots, but they are very few and far between and our ability to close those is very -- we've got flexible manufacturing as most of our production is fungible. So with that, I'll ask Rafael to wrap up the call for us.
Rafael Lizardi: All right. Let me wrap up by reiterating what we have said previously. At our core were engineers and technologies, the foundation of our company but ultimately, our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate value for owners is a long-term growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objective, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing and we will be a company that we are personally proud to be part of and would want as our neighbor. When we are successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners all benefit. Thank you, and have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Dave Pahl: Welcome to the Texas Instruments' Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Dave Pahl, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. In addition, today's call is being recorded and will be available via replay on our website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Today, we'll provide the following updates. First, I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter. Next, I'll provide insight into second quarter revenue results with some details of what we're seeing with respect to our end markets. And lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results and our guidance for the third quarter of 2023. Starting with a quick overview of the quarter. Revenue in the quarter came in about as expected at $4.5 billion, an increase of 3% sequentially and a decrease of 13% year-over-year. Analog revenue declined 18%, Embedded Processing grew 9%, and our other segment declined 10% from the year ago quarter. Now, I'll provide some insight into our second quarter revenue by market. During the quarter, we experienced continued weakness across all markets except Automotive. Similar to last quarter, I'll focus on sequential performance as it is more informative at this time. First, the Industrial market was about flat. Next, the automotive market was up low-single digits. Personal Electronics was up low-single digits after several quarters of sequential declines. And next, communications equipment was down mid-teens, and finally, Enterprise Systems was down mid-single digits. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management, and our outlook. Rafael?
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave mentioned, second quarter revenue was $4.5 billion, down 13% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.9 billion or 64% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue, increased capital expenditures, and the transition of LFAB-related charges to cost of revenue. Gross profit margin decreased 540 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $938 million, up 12% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12 months basis, operating expenses were $3.6 billion or 19% of revenue. Operating profit was $2 billion in the quarter or 44% of revenue and was down 28% from the year ago quarter. Net income in the second quarter was $1.7 billion or $1.87 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion in the quarter and $7.4 billion on a trailing 12-month basis. Capital expenditures were $1.4 billion in the quarter and $4.2 billion over the last 12 months. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $3.2 billion. In the quarter, we paid $1.1 billion in dividends and repurchased about $80 million of our own stock. In total, we have returned $6.5 billion in the past 12 months. Our balance sheet remains strong with $9.6 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the second quarter. In the quarter, we repaid $500 million of debt and issued $1.6 billion of debt. Total debt outstanding was $11.3 billion with a weighted average coupon of 3.5%. Inventory dollars were up $441 million from the prior quarter to $3.7 billion and days were 207, up 12 days sequentially. For the third quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $4.36 billion to $4.74 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.68 to $1.92. Lastly, we continue to expect our 2023 effective tax rate to be about 13% to 14%. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are Manufacturing and Technology, a broad product portfolio reach of our channels, and diverse and long-live positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocations and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible the opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I had a high level question which is when I compare TI's sales growth right down almost 13%, 14% in the near-term down double-digit versus peers, it's significantly below, and when I look at your trailing 12-month free cash flow of sub-17%, if my model is right that is the lowest since 2010. But what point will TI say that something needs to change in the strategy to help close the gap on the growth side and to help free cash flow margins get back to the trend line? So I understand that obviously you're not optimizing the model for just one year, but now we have seen just consistent decline in free cash flow per share, which is your preferred metric. So at what point should we start to see free cash flow get back to historical trends?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. So, thanks, Vivek. Let me start, and Dave, if you want to chime in. But big picture step back to what we told you during capital management and the investments that we're making are long-term in nature as you alluded to in your question. And we are going to enable revenue growth for the company for the next 10 to 15 years. Okay. So that's how we're thinking about it. And that's why we're making this investment on CapEx, in particular, about $5 billion per year for the next four years, and we are committed to those investments. We're excited to making those investments regardless of the short-term fluctuations of revenue and of course lower revenue means lower operating cash, which now with the CapEx, that's why you're seeing on the free cash flow is not unexpected.
Dave Pahl: Yeah, and maybe I'll just add that Vivek, as you know, and had followed us for some time. One of our competitive advantages is manufacturing and technology. So these CapEx investments really are strengthening that advantage over time. It's fairly obvious that those investments will allow us to produce products at significantly lower cost when -- to service demand and controlling those assets in today's world is increasingly important. So customers can see the investments that we're making. Not only with that, the other systems that we've got to make it easier to do business with us. Combined with the inventory we're putting in place to support their growth. And customer reactions is extremely positive to that. So, we believe these will be great investments for all of us long-term. You've a follow on?
Vivek Arya: Yeah, thank you. I guess maybe to say, ask the same question, but in a different way, right? And with respect, I mean, TI had the same strategy two or three years ago also, but we saw sales grow worse than peers last year and sales are again growing worse than peers this year, so it's not one quarter or two quarter phenomena, sales have been undergrowing your peer growth for almost two years now and CapEx is growing while sales are declining. So that's why I'm questioning whether the strategy is still right whether the results are actually justifying the strategy.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. I'll start, Rafael, if you want to add. Again, we've talked about is share doesn't move quickly inside of our markets. I think that depending on the peer you're comparing to, oftentimes the market exposure can explain a good portion of it. There's other factors like how much distribution is someone using. As you know, we've transitioned from mostly using distribution to mostly having revenue come direct. So there is inventory that needed to be burned out of the channel as we made that transition. So there's multiple factors. I think going forward, our confidence in being able to continue to gain share is extremely high. Customer reaction to the capacity that they know they need to have wanting to know that they've got capacity runway not from someone's manufacturing supplier, but directly from someone that makes their products is really resonates with customers. Okay, thank you. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking the question. My first one is on your Q3 guidance. You're guiding revenue up 1% sequentially. Dave, you called out automotive as the one end-market that continues to be healthy. But anything to point out or any stand-outs as you think about the sequential trajectory from Q2 to Q3 or is it a continuation of what you saw in Q2?
Dave Pahl: Yeah, I'll just point out that this last quarter we saw weakness across the board in our markets with the exception of automotive like you've called out. And just to point out that continued asynchronous behavior. We had PE weakened back in second quarter a year ago and the other markets followed, but obviously, the exception of that with automotive continued to be strong and it's up over 20% year-on-year. So definitely very strong growth there. And as we look into the third quarter, we're not expecting to see any significant change in our end-markets compared to this last quarter. You have a follow on?
Toshiya Hari: I do. Thanks. So inventory on your balance sheet was up I think 13% sequentially, days grew to 207. I know on your capital management call you revised up the upper range of your target to more than 200. I also appreciate, Dave, the transition from Disti to Direct. But at what point do you think you need to cut production or cut utilization rates and start to manage down the inventory? Are you still comfortable with where things are today?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. No, thanks for the question, Toshiya. Yes, we are comfortable where we are. As a reminder, our objective for inventories to maintain high levels of customer service and minimize obsolescence. I would point you to slide 13 at our capital management call. That shows the semiconductor cycle over many years of about 30 some years and what that informs us on what could happen in the future and we're planning for the long-term growth through those cycles, not in any one quarter or even any one year. And of course inventory levels always depend on demand expectations and for the time being in the near term, they will likely have an upward bias.
Toshiya Hari: Okay. So just to clarify, you're still running your fabs full at this point?
Rafael Lizardi: Utilization this last quarter was lower than the previous quarter. That was largely a function of adding capacity.
Toshiya Hari: Okay, thank you.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Toshiya. The next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your question.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So my first one is just to follow up on that. You said the inventories have an upward bias. So that means inventory like dollars and days, do you expect to increase again in Q3?
Rafael Lizardi: Well, the days depends on revenue, of course, but on the dollars -- has an upward bias. So there's very likely that the dollars will go up in Q3. Of course -- and you know this is right, but inventory is on the balance sheet at one point in time, but it's meant to support the future growth and 200 days is about couple of quarters' worth of inventory in various stages of finish.
Stacy Rasgon: How many quarters are they going to keep going up for though?
Rafael Lizardi: That's going to depend on revenue expectations, beyond now and then, the decisions that we make on the factory, and we forecast one quarter at a time. Just know that our thinking, it's long term in nature, as I talked -- as I mentioned to Toshiya in the previous call. And we're managing through the cycles, right? So not what's going to happen in one quarter or even two quarters, what we think is going to happen over longer than that on inventory. On capacity, we're adding capacity that's going to support us for many years, right? So it's going to give us plenty of headroom. One more comment on inventory, just for those who maybe have not listened to us very often, but you know there's -- our inventory has very low obsolescence. The bulk of it is for counterparties that -- the inventory itself last year is, in fact, up to 10 years on the shelf, but the product life cycles are very long with our customers, and we have, in many cases, tens or dozens of customers that buy the product. So the risk of obsolescence is very low in the inventory.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Stacy. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Stacy Rasgon: Oh. Was that my --
Dave Pahl: What was your second, yes, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Danely: Hey, thanks, guys. And by the way, thanks for having a nice, concise conference call. It's unique and semis, much appreciated. My first question is just on lead times and shortages. Given all the capacity you're adding in the inventory, can we pretty much say that TI lead times are the lowest, at least among peers and the shortages are all gone? Are we pretty much, I guess , back to normal. And I mean, are there any metrics that you could share with us sort of now versus three or six months ago on the improvement there?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Chris, what I would -- how I would frame it today is we've got -- the vast majority of our products are available on ti.com for immediate shipment. And as Rafael talked about, whenever the upgerm does come, we'll have product available as well as capacity behind that to be able to support that demand. Now if a customer wants to give us an order at lead time, those lead times over the cycle haven't changed that much. So they can place that order or if they need inside of that, they can -- for the vast majority of the products, have it available. Now we do have hotspots. We'll probably always have a place where we have a demand and supply imbalance. But those hotspots are closing and closing pretty quickly. As Rafael talked about, we're bringing on capacity every quarter. So that just gives us more flexibility to be able to meet the customer demand. But it does vary beyond what we've got on hand. You have a follow-on?
Christopher Danely: Yes, earlier in the call, and in a bunch of the calls, you keep talking about your advantages in manufacturing and given you have more internal manufacturing and more 300-millimeter than the competitors, are you, I guess, are you guys getting a little more aggressive on price? Are you able to price below the competition? Is this something that has happened recently? Some of your competitors have, I guess, complained about TI getting more aggressive in price recently. I just wanted your response to that.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. Our pricing strategy hasn't changed. And of course, we regularly monitor with the pricing of all of our products, and we may maintain the goal to continue to gain share over time. But there's nothing unusual going on with pricing today. And I'll point out the fact that when we opened up our Fab 1, we had 75% of the tools needed inside of that factory, and there was handwringing back then if you remember that we were going to do something unnatural. And what we talked about was putting in place that capacity to support growth, and that's what it did. So thank you, Chris, we'll go to the next caller.
Christopher Danely: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Harlan Sur: Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon. Up into the March quarter, the team had seen three consecutive quarters of increasing cancellations and push-outs, right sort of the typical sort of customer behavior in a weak demand environment. Did the team continue to see cancellations and pushout activity expanding in the June quarter? Or have you guys -- or have you or are you seeing signs of stabilization?
Dave Pahl: Yes. The way I describe that is the cancellations remain at elevated levels. And we believe that customers are continuing to work down inventories to get that more in line with their demand. You have a follow-on?
Harlan Sur: Yes. Thanks for that. So your embedded business continues to hold up very well, right? I think trailing 12 months, it's up 9% year-over-year versus your analog business, which is down 7%. I know part of it is due to the strategy, the refocusing of the MCU businesses over the past few years. More general purpose, catalog-focused, right? But it also seems to be reflecting this broader trend in the industry, if I look at the SIA data. If I look at you and your other MCU competitors, where -- industry MCU trends year-over-year are holding up much, much better versus the analog. I just wanted to get the team's perspective on why the large delta in performance analog versus embedded?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Yes, thanks for that question, Harlan, and how you framed it. I would say at a top level, the changes that we have made to our product portfolio, the design in that and the customer response to those products as we've put them out in the marketplace continues to be very strong. Our confidence that that business will grow and gain market share over the long term is extremely high, based on that. And as we've talked about before, we're putting in place to be able to support that growth for embedded internally, and that is a position that we haven't been in quite some time. Near term, I would say, besides things stabilizing, we've experienced greater supply constraints over the last two years is embedded, has previously had to rely on foundries to supply that demand. And so those constraints are alleviating. And I think that that's just something that you see across the industry. So thank you, Harlan. And we'll go to the next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to go back to the decision. I mean, I understand the inventory is not going to be obsolete, but it's eventually going to kind of steal from your future ability to scale gross margins. So I mean, at the current run rate, you're kind of building at like a $23 billion run rate, and it's going to only increase next year. So what's the harm in pulling it back a bit? I'm just trying to understand an interim here, just pulling back utilizations and not building so much inventory.
Rafael Lizardi: In the big scheme of things, our goal here is to support revenue growth. It's not, frankly, to optimize short-term fluctuations in gross margins. Those are not irrelevant, of course, but it's just the focus is on supporting revenue growth in the short-term, midterm and long-term. And inventory supports short-term to midterm fluctuations, right, that we can mitigate -- we're having plenty of inventory. And the incremental cost of inventory is really low. As we talked about, on the obsolescence side, also on the variable cost nature of what goes into inventory. So it's just sort of just things that we keep in mind when -- in trying to make those decisions.
Blayne Curtis: Yes. I just wanted to ask on gross margins. I mean, I know you don't give perfect color, but it seems like it's down at least 150 basis points sequentially. Maybe consumers are mixed. But I'm just kind of curious, is it just depreciation layering in? Or is there any other puts and takes on gross margin?
Rafael Lizardi: So I assume you're talking about third quarter? So yes, our guidance, and as you pointed out, we only give top line and EPS. But our guidance is the best estimate that we have in our gross margins -- or I'm sorry, that guidance embeds -- the revenue is flat in that particular case, and it embeds the result in depreciation and other related costs from added capacity over time. On a year-on-year basis, I know you asked sequentially, but just a reminder, on a year-on-year basis -- keep in mind that last year, we had the Lehi acquisition fab cost in restructuring, and now it is in COR, in cost of revenue as of December of last year when you move.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So yes, so year-on-year, the change in revenue, the increase in -- or moving of the cost from the restructuring into -- most of that into cost of revenue and as well as depreciation. So thank you, Blayne. We'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Buchalter with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Buchalter: Thanks for taking my question. I guess I wanted to follow up on the previous and ask about -- we understand that the depreciation flow through, that it is what it is. But can you maybe talk through some of the near to medium-term milestones when the 300-millimeter increased output, could start to benefit gross margin and sort of help offset the depreciation headwinds? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Just -- what I would tell you is depreciation, the way we depreciate equipment is over five years. Buildings is much longer, usually they average about 30 years or so. But consider that that equipment lasts a lot longer than five years, right? We have factories today that are running on 50 years-plus. And some of that has upgraded equipment. But -- but broadly speaking, that equipment lasts for decades, not the five years where we depreciate it. So it's probably an unfair comparison to try to put the 300 benefit next to the depreciation and expect an offset in the short-term. I would suggest you think of it from a cash standpoint. We're investing that CapEx. It's cash, forget about the depreciation, is -- CapEx is what we're investing. That's going to enable growth by adding that internal capacity, which, as Dave alluded to earlier, that is geopolitically dependable capacity. We're putting as many as four Fabs in Sherman, two in Richardson, two in Lehi in Utah. And then assembly test facilities in Asia, primarily Malaysia and Philippines, for example. So -- so that's going to put us in a really great position to grow the top line for a long time. And then what happens there is that yields a lot of operating cash for a company that then we can either redeploy or return to the owners of the company after those investments.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, Josh?
Joshua Buchalter: Yes, sure. Thank you. I recognize the language is similar last quarter regarding the end market commentary. But did anything change get any better or worse intra-quarter? And in particular, personal electronics grew, you've talked in the past about it sort of being a four-quarter cycle. Is it safe to say that that's sort of bottom now? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Again, I think that overall, we had continued to see that asynchronous behavior as we started back a year ago. And so that has continued. PE, again, it started -- we started to see weakness in Q2, so we've completed now -- it actually grew first to second. So we've got several quarters of decline. It was up slightly sequentially. And again, we're not expecting much change in our end markets as we look forward. So, okay, thank you. And let's go to our last caller, please.
Operator: Our last caller comes from the line of Chris Caso with Wolfe Research.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Good evening. I guess just following up on the last few questions. Perhaps you could differentiate a little bit about where you think your customers are still burning through inventory as compared to end demand. And as you noted, the PE segment started to see weakness earlier. We heard from some others that it's no longer an inventory issue. It's more of a demand issue. Perhaps you could talk to that for some of your other end markets? And where we could see incremental weakness of customers still need to bring down our inventory further.
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yes, Chris, I think if you look across the end markets broadly, you could say that all of them showed weakness and reflective of customers reducing inventories, with the exception of automotive. And even inside of that, of course, if you look at industrial, it's not -- all the sectors aren't identical, meaning you've had strength in aerospace, grid infrastructure, in other sectors like that. So -- and PE is the same way, not all of the sectors were as weak or as strong as others. So -- but broadly, you could say it was across each of those markets. Do you have a follow-on?
Chris Caso: I do. Thanks. And maybe as a follow-on I'll hit on the segment that has remained strong, auto. And when this downturn began, I believe your commentary was that auto was -- had remained stable then. You thought that eventually it would come to auto just because it always has in the past. So far, it hasn't. I think it surprised a lot of us, the resilience on that. Has your view changed about the resilience of the auto market? Do you still expect that that has to correct at some point? And if not, why do you think it's different?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So it wouldn't surprise us if it corrected. I don't think anyone can declare certainty on those types of things in the future. But I think that customers will build inventory. I've got 37 years of experience in the industry now, and that's the way the markets have behaved in the past. So that's generally a good guide in the future, but I think you can't pound the table and make absolutes, but certainly wouldn't be surprised if that were the case. So with that, we'll hand it over to Rafael to wrap this up.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave. Let me wrap up by emphasizing what we have said previously. At our core, we're engineers, and technology is the foundation of our company. But ultimately, our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate value for owners is the long-term growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objectives, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing. And we will be a company that we are personally proud to be a part of and would want as our neighbor. When we are successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners all benefit. Thank you and have a good evening.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Dave Pahl: Welcome to the Texas Instruments' First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Dave Pahl, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. In addition, today's call is being recorded and will be available via replay on our website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Today, we'll provide the following updates. First, I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter. Next, I'll provide some insight into first quarter's revenue results with some details of what we're seeing with respect to our end markets. Lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results and our guidance for the second quarter of 2023. Starting with a quick overview of the first quarter. Revenue in the quarter came in about as expected at $4.4 billion, a decrease of 6% sequentially and 11% year-over-year. Analog revenue declined, 14%, embedded processing grew 6% and our other segment declined 16% from the year ago quarter. As expected, our results reflect weaker demand in all end markets with the exception of automotive. As mentioned last quarter, a component of the weaker demand was inventory reductions by our customers, which we expect to continue in the second quarter. Now, I'll provide some insight into our first quarter revenue by market. Similar to last quarter, I'll focus on sequential performance as it's more informative at this time. First, the industrial market was about flat. The automotive market was up mid-single digits. Personal electronics declined about 30% as we continued to see broad based weakness. Next, communications equipment was down mid-teens and finally enterprise systems was down about 30%. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook. Rafael?
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave mentioned, first quarter revenue was $4.4 billion, down 11% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.9 billion, or 65% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit margin decreased 480 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $929 million, up 14% from a year ago, and about as expected. On a trailing 12 month basis, operating expenses were $3.5 billion or 18% of revenue. Operating profit was $1.9 billion in the quarter, or 44% of revenue and was down 25% from a year ago quarter. Net income in the first quarter was $1.7 billion or $1.85 per share. Earnings per share included a $0.03 benefit for items that were not in our original guide. Let me now comment on our capital management results. Starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.2 billion in the quarter and $7.7 billion on a trailing 12 month basis. Capital expenditures were $982 million in the quarter and $3.3 billion over the last 12 months. Free cash flow on a trailing 12 month basis was $4.4 billion. In the quarter, we paid $1.1 billion in dividends and repurchased about $100 million of our stock. In total, we have returned $7.5 billion in the past 12 months. Our balance sheet remains strong with $9.5 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the first quarter. In the quarter, we issued $1.4 billion of debt. Total debt outstanding was $10.2 billion with a weighted average coupon of 3.2%. Inventory dollars were up $531 million from the prior to $3.3 billion and days were 195, up 38 days sequentially. For the second quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $4.17 billion to $4.53 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.62 to $1.88. Lastly, we continue to expect our 2023 effective tax rate to be about 13% to 14%. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, a broad product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open up the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible the opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. For my first one, I just wanted to dig into CapEx and depreciation. So you did CapEx of $982 million in the quarter. I just, first, can you just clarify that's the gross number without any of the tax credits? And I guess assuming that's true, both the CapEx and the depreciation number in the quarter are running well below the run rate there or the annualized number that you would give at the capital management CapEx should have been about $5 billion for the year. Depreciation maybe $1.5 million. So am I right in assuming that implies a fairly substantial ramp into the back half and end of the year for both those metrics, CapEx and depreciation?
Rafael Lizardi: So thanks for the questions, Stacy. Good questions there. So it gives us a chance to clarify though. So first on CapEx, we're pleased with the progress that we've made both in 2022 but also year-to-date, first quarter of this year. Everything's in line with expectations as we shared at the call a couple of months ago, we expect CapEx to average $5 billion per year for the next four years. That's just an average. So some years will be lower, especially at the beginning and other years will be higher. But our expectation continues to be $5 billion per year. Those numbers, that $5 billion is gross. And the $982 million, the one close to $1 billion that you just quoted for the quarter, that's also gross. We are continuing to accrue for the CHIPS Act benefit. I can tell you about that in a follow-up question if you like. But the CapEx numbers have been and will continue to be gross numbers. On the second part of your question on depreciation. So we told you that at the capital management call that depreciation will increase to about $2.5 billion on or around 2025. We expect this year to be below that linear trend. Okay. And that's just the CapEx is coming in as expected, but it's a function of other things. Essentially when you place the equipment in service and when it starts depreciation, the assumptions that we had on that versus how exactly how it's playing out. You have a follow-up?
Stacy Rasgon: I do. Thanks. I'm going to let somebody else ask about the CHIPS Act accrual. I want to ask about inventories. So you're at almost 200 days of inventory. And I think the top end of your target was 190 and you said you'd be comfortable above that. And so we're kind of there. Are you done building inventory now, I guess, and if that's the case, what happens to fab loadings, I guess, as we go into the end of the year? I'm assuming you're running pretty full right now. Do those fab loadings need to come down, especially given the revenue trajectory and given inventories are sitting pretty close to 200 days?
Rafael Lizardi: So let me start with reminding everybody our objective for inventory. And you can go back to our capital management call. I believe slide seven. You look at the objective there is to maintain high levels of customer service, minimize obsolescence. We have a range there. It's just meant to be informative and it's 132 greater than 200. I just wanted to clarify that versus the number that you mentioned. Now, the more important thing is, you know, I refer you to slide 13 in that deck. And anybody who hasn't seen that, you can download it from our website, go to slide 13. That shows you how we think about planning for the long-term. So through semiconductor, the ups and downs of the semiconductor cycle and that informs how we manage inventory, also informs how we are investing in CapEx. So we're thinking through the cycles over the long-term, but certainly inventory is one of those things that we take that trend into account. In the near term, we expect to have an upward bias on inventory as we prepare for long-term growth.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Stacy. And we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for the question. The first one is specific to industrial and automotive. If I heard you, Dave, I think you said industrial was flattish in Q1. I think it was down 10% in the last quarter. So seems like it's starting to flatten out. But I just wanted to check if that's the right conclusion. I think autos was up mid-single in both Q4 and I said and I thought you said in Q1 as well. So that also seems to be in the right direction. So the specific question is, as we look into Q2, how should we think about industrial and auto? Can they stay at least kind of flattish or do you think that they are also exposed to the macro weakness?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. So first confirm that you heard correctly. Industrial market was about flat in the first quarter and automotive was up mid-single digits. And as you know our practice when we think about guidance by end market, we only provide color if there's something that we need to highlight to explain what's going on. You've seen us do that multiple times, whether it's end markets or it's regions or something specific that's going on. So as you said, at the midpoint of our guidance, revenue is flat. And so when we look strategically at both of those markets, we're very confident that they will continue to add semiconductor content per unit and be great growers for us. So you have a follow-on for that?
Vivek Arya: Yeah. Dave, I actually wanted to stay on the same question because there is a perception that industrial and auto demand is kind of this last shoe to drop in semiconductors. And when I look at what your competitors, right, peers are seeing in analog and microcontroller markets. They are noticing a level of stability and strength. And that's what I want to confirm with TI that are you seeing the same thing as you go into Q2? Because, yes, consumer is weak, right? Enterprise is weak. That is well known. But specifically auto and industrial. Do you think they are now trending in the right direction in Q2 or do you think that you are in front of some weakness and inventory adjustment in those markets also?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. And again we're not trying to provide guidance by specific markets. The overall outlook is roughly flat into second quarter. If we had something specific to call out, we would. And I think our approach to building closer relationships with customers, what we're doing in our channels, our product portfolio continues to strengthen. The capacity that we add are all things that continue to put us in a great position to service customers and service them well over time. But yeah so we're just not going to go into specifics of each market in the second quarter. So thanks for those questions. And we'll go on to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Dave, I guess I wanted to ask sort of where you think you are in the cycle because you have less exposure than many of your peers. So in theory, you should be farther along the inventory correction and you're more connected and real time to demand. So when you sort of look at your customer inventory levels, where do you think we are? Do you think that we're sort of in the late innings of the correction for you because you are a bit more connected to demand in real time?
Dave Pahl: Yeah, I think, Tim, as you know, this is the first time that our markets, not only for us, but the industry have behaved differently as we've gone into this cycle. So if you look at personal electronics, we began seeing weakness in personal electronics back second quarter a year ago, right? So we're now into our fourth quarter of weaker demand. The other markets with the exception of automotive began weakening the quarter before last. So we're a couple of quarters in on that. So and of course automotive has remained strong through last quarter. So you put all that together. I think it depends on which market you're looking at. If you're in PE, you're obviously closer to the bottom than you are to the top. So I think our practice, we don't try to predict where the bottom or the top is, really draws -- draw your attention back to slide 13 that we talked about. That longer term trend is what we're planning on and what we believe we can look at to inform our decisions. Do you have follow-on?
Timothy Arcuri: I do, Dave, yeah. So I know the SI data can be noisy and you always say to look at things on kind of a TTM basis and if you sort of roll it back, it looks like your share has gone down in analog roughly 200 basis points versus where it peaked in the early parts of COVID. So as you sort of forensically go back and try to figure out what's happened, do you think that's entirely based on supply? So in other words, if you didn't have the shortages that you did, you think that you wouldn't have lost that share? I'm just kind of wondering, as you look back at the numbers, how you forensically try to explain that share loss relative to the industry data? Thanks.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. And as we've talked about that's something we think you have to look at over time. If you go back to the prior year as with the pandemic started, you remember we made some decisions to continue to run our factories and build long-lived inventory. And those decisions served us very well. So as we went through each quarter, as customers really expedited across the board. We could respond to that and ship them product. And in the short term, that probably helped us with the numbers when you compare it against what the industry was doing. So as we go into the following year, of course, those are our tougher compares. But we have a lot of practices that I think are different than many of our peers. As an example, through that period, we've moved to more closer direct relationships with customers. We believe that's giving us much better insight. We can see their demand more clearly. We can see what they need both short term and long term much better. Also I'd say that as we were moving through a period where most of our customers are reducing their inventory to align with their needs, we have an employee things like long-term sales agreements or non-cancelable, non-reschedule contracts. So customers aren't taking product that they don't need. So that isn't share gains, it's just -- I think for us, we want to be as easy to do business with as we can. And those -- I think all those practices are setting us up well to continue to gain share. So thank you, Tim. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you very much. Rafael, I just want to make sure I got the depreciation answer right. Obviously, it has implications for gross margin. And the run rate -- should we assume the first quarter run rate because that is a very positive implication. And you said it would be lower than the linear, but how much lower, I think we were all modeling $1.5 billion is kind of the number that we had. What's the right way to think about that, please?
Rafael Lizardi: We're not breaking down specifics on that. But if you were going to do it linearly, you would get to the $1.4 billion unchanged and then $500 million plus on top of that every year until you get to about $2.5 billion in 2025. So it's going to run lower than that, yes, this year, and we'll give you an update the next capital management on subsequent years.
Ambrish Srivastava: Got it. Got it. Just a clarification and not a follow-up. So if you look at gross margin last year versus this year, the three factors at least. I just want to make sure I'm doing it right is the flow-through and the fall-through that you talk about. And then the offsets would be LFAB is now going from restructuring into COGS and then apples-to-apples add a higher depreciation. Is that the right way? Am I thinking about the right three parts?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Those are the right three parts. And of course, this is over the long-term. Any one quarter, things -- there are many moving pieces, for example, mix always a place a factor, you have more auto and industrial that's different than personal electronics, right? But at a high level, over a long enough period, yes, those are the trends that the factors you should take into account when modeling this.
Ambrish Srivastava: Got it. Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Thank you, Ambrish. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I want to follow up Ambrish's and talk about gross margin, but on a sequential basis, the gross margin held in better than I expected. It did go down sequentially, but not even as much as it would have if you just took the LFAB expense out of OpEx and put it into COGS. So were there any unique offsets to that? And probably more importantly, any unique offsets we need to consider as we think going forward? And I know, Rafael, you don't guide to gross margin specifically.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. No. I would tell you, it was similar to Ambrish's question, high level, think of the model we've given you is 70% to 75% fall-through. But that in any one quarter, even if it's on a year-on-year basis, but especially sequentially on relatively small changes in revenue, that's not going to work very precisely, right? So but over a long enough time, that works well. As we just talked about, you had the depreciation. And then in this particular quarter, you have to adjust for the cost that were in restructuring that were for Lehi that now go to primarily to cost of revenue. Now there are other factors that are going to play, for example, and I mentioned it to Ambrish a second ago, but mix is a factor. So you get a quarter with a lot more industrial automotive and less personal electronics, that plays into it. And the final one, depreciation doesn't necessarily immediately flow through the P&L because it needs to be matched to inventory. So that generally flows through inventory first and then so that sometimes delays the impact of -- the true impact of depreciation to the gross margin. But clearly, depreciation, as I mentioned earlier, it is increasing, so it's coming. So over a long enough time, multiple quarters, certain years, you need to factor it as we have talked about, right, the fall-through and the increase in depreciation.
Dave Pahl: Do you have follow-up, Ross?
Ross Seymore: Yeah, I do. I'll just pivot to round up that CHIPS Act question from earlier. Rafael, could you give us an update on what the cumulative accruals are for that? And probably equally importantly, when does that likely flow through the income statement?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So stepping back, CHIPS Act has an investment tax credit, ITC, and a grant. There's two components that have the potential to benefit us. If you go to our capital management document, we talked about those, and we said we are planning on the benefits from the ITC, and we're accruing those benefits. On the grant, we're not because the grants are highly discretionary. It's up to the Department of Commerce. So on those -- we're not counting on those, but we're applying to those grants, and we're in the process of submitting those applications and we're asking for everything we can get there. But right now counting on nothing. Now let me just focus on the ITC, which is the one that we are booking on the balance sheet. This last quarter, we accrued another $200 million benefit. So that's on top of the roughly $400 million last year. So now we have a total benefit that we have accrued of $600 million. That number will continue increasing for the rest of the year, and that's a 25% of qualifying assets in the United States. So we'll continue to increase that number over the year. And then what happens is we benefit in a couple of ways. One, the P&L that accrual comes out of the PP&E, property plant equipment basis. So now you have a lower basis to depreciate. So their depreciation is going to be lower going forward. We're already getting a small benefit of that this year, but it's in a couple of million dollars, but that will grow over time as those -- that equipment goes into -- is placed in service and now they appreciate at a lower rate. More importantly, the cash benefit associated with that will get the following year. So anything that we accrue this year and -- in '22 and is placed in service in 2023, we will get that cash at the end of 2024, okay? And we're -- that's what we're planning on. I think that answers your question fairly well. Okay.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Ross. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Danely: Hey, thanks, guys. Just some color on the inventory correction you're seeing out there. So do you think that we're through the worst of it? Maybe talk about where it's, I guess, lower or where it's higher? Do you think that it's getting better at this point or getting worse? Or can we not tell?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I think Chris is one of the previous questions, somewhat similar, right? I think you have to look at it by market. Certainly, in personal electronics, being in the fourth quarter of the weakness would indicate you're probably closer to the bottom. There's no guarantee of that, but you're probably closer than in other markets, right? So that just isn't something that we try to predict. And what we do use to kind of guide how we think about things and where we make investments is that grey line on the chart that we've talked about. That's really what's important is being ready for the longer-term growth. And that's where our focus is. Do you have a follow-on?
Christopher Danely: Yes. Can you just talk about the linearity of bookings during the quarter and how your backlog looks now versus, I guess, three months ago? And what does that imply for the second half of the year?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So our linearity was stronger in the last month of the quarter. And in backlog, I would say, as you know, we've got sales flowing through ti.com. We've got sales that are on consignment where we get direct feeds and we don't actually carry a backlog. So we just don't put a lot of emphasis on the backlog. Overall, I think compared to many of our peers. But we've got really good visibility because of our close relationships with customers. The fact that we're carrying, we're owning and controlling that inventory more directly. And so actually we've got -- we believe that gives us really great visibility on demand. So thank you, Chris. We'll go to next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you, guys. I know you were pretty early to signal some of the headwinds that came in China from the COVID lockdowns. What are you seeing now as the economies re-emerge? Are you starting to see that as potential strength going into the rest of the year?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, Joe, I would say that we continue to believe the best way to look at our revenue and the changes in revenue is more easily understood by looking at end markets, but there wasn't any significant change that we saw inside of China this last quarter. Do you have a follow-on?
Joseph Moore: Sure. And then the down 30% in personal electronics and in enterprise both. Does that reflect any kind of share shift as -- I know that you do have people multi-sourcing more in areas like that in phones and PCs and servers and whatnot. Are you seeing that as any kind of a headwind? Or do you think that's just what the market was down in the first quarter?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I think that as we've talked about before, sure, doesn't move quickly. We're in a position as we're building inventory to support higher demand if it was to materialize. So again we think that's mostly reflective of what's going on in the market. I think that's consistent with what you see from customers and other data that you can see that's out there. Thank you, Joe. And I believe we've got time for one more caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
C.J. Muse: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I just wanted to clarify and confirm some of the statements from earlier. So your gross margins came a little better than what we thought for March. And so just curious, are you still on track for that $1.5 billion depreciation for the year? And were there any changes in kind of the timing of installation of equipment? Are you still seeing kind of a tight supply there?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So let me address that. First, CapEx. We're very pleased with our CapEx has come in. We did about $1 billion in the quarter. We talked a couple of months ago that we expect about $5 billion per year for the next four years, that's an average. So some years will be less, some years will be more. So $1 billion per quarter. That's obviously a $4 billion run rate for the year. So somewhere between $4 billion and $5 billion for this year would be about right on the CapEx. And that's coming in just as expected. Depreciation, we -- what we talked about a couple of months ago at the call was we expect it to increase to $2.5 billion at some point in the future in 2025 on or about 2025. We -- but this year, we expect that trend to be below linear. So instead of $500 million increase per year from the starting point of '22, it will be less than that in 2023. I think I'm bridge at the specific number on that. We're not disclosing that at this point, but I would just tell you look at -- we just did $265 million for the quarter. So you can do your own math of -- that was $249 million in the previous quarter. So you can -- you can think of that and come up with a decent approximation of where that may end up, and we'll give you more details, obviously, in subsequent quarters. Do you have a follow-up?
C.J. Muse: Yes, please, a longer-term question. One of the overriding themes for the last couple of quarters on the semi-equipment side is the vast spending by lagging edge domestic China with an obvious focus kind of on the 90-nanometer plus. But actually I shouldn't discount the 28-nanometer plus part of the world. So as you think about regionalization and as you think about perhaps a rising kind of competitor in the China landscape looking out over the next five-plus years, how are you thinking about the pros and cons and how you'll compete kind of in that environment? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yes, C.J., thanks for that question. I'd say that when you look at our products and markets, we've got 4 competitive advantages that we continue to invest in, I think that make us stronger and different than our competitors. And we've talked about them before, right? The first is the manufacturing and technology owning and controlling those assets we think will be growing important to where they are in the world. Also, we believe, will be a benefit to us as well. Second is the broad -- our broad product portfolio. So competitors that we have around the world, especially in China, usually only compete with us in a very, very narrow slice of our product portfolio. That said, we've competed with those companies, in some cases, for a couple of decades now. So competition there isn't new. And so they're good competitors. We can learn from them. We're not dismissive of them, and we close -- we very closely track and I believe the number somewhere around 75 different competitors around the world that we'll compete with. The third competitive advantage is the reach of our market channels. And especially when you look at some of the smaller competitors in China, they just don't have the reach. They don't have the breadth of portfolio that attracts customers for engagement and that just gives us better insight. And then the last is diversity and longevity. So there's not one market or technology that we're dependent on to provide market share lift. Now we'll be dependent on all of them. And sometimes in the short-term, that may favor one competitor versus another. But longer term, as we compete broadly in all the markets, we think that will translate into long-term and sticky share gains. So overall, we're pleased and excited about where we are from a position standpoint, whether we're looking at our traditional competitors here in the U.S. for Europe and as well as those in China. So thank you very much. And I'll turn it over to Rafael to wrap this up.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Thanks, Dave. Let me wrap up by reiterating what we have said previously. At our core, we're engineers and technology is the foundation of our company. But ultimately, our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate long-term value for owners is the growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objective, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing. And we will be a company that we are personally proud to be a part of and would one as our neighbour. When we're successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners all benefit. Thank you and have a good evening.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-24 16:30:00) =====
Dave Pahl: Welcome to the Texas Instruments' Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. I'm Dave Pahl, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. In addition, today's call is being recorded and will be available via replay on our website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the "Notice regarding forward-looking statements" contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. First, you likely saw last week we announced that Haviv Ilan will become President and CEO on April 1st and that Rich Templeton will continue as our Chairman. I'm sure you'll want to join me in congratulating both of them. Secondly, let me provide some information that's important to your calendars. Next week on Thursday, February 2nd, at 10:00 a.m. Central time, we will have our capital management call. Similar to what we've done in the past, Rafael and I will summarize our progress and provide some insights into our business and our approach to capital allocation. This will include an update of our 300 millimeter capacity expansion plans to support the increasing confidence that we have in our long-term growth. Moving on, today, we'll provide the following updates. First, I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter. Next, I'll provide insight into fourth quarter revenue results, with some details of what we are seeing with respect to our customers and markets. I will then provide an annual summary of our revenue breakout by end market. And lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results and our guidance for first quarter of 2023. Starting with a quick overview. Revenue was $4.7 billion, a decrease of 11% sequentially and 3% from the same quarter a year ago. As expected, our results reflect weaker demand in all end markets with the exception of automotive. A component of the weaker demand was customers working to reduce their inventories. In first quarter, we expect a weaker than seasonal decline, with the exception of automotive, as we believe customers will continue to reduce inventory levels. Turning to our segments, fourth quarter Analog revenue declined 5% year-over-year and Embedded Processing grew 10%. Our Other segment declined 11% from the year-ago quarter. Now, I'll provide some insight into our fourth quarter revenue by end market. I'll focus on sequential performance again this quarter, as it is more informative at this time. First, the industrial market was down about 10%. The automotive market was up mid-single digits with strength in most sectors. Personal electronics was down mid-teens with broad-based weakness. Next, communications equipment was down about 20%, and finally, enterprise systems was also down about 20%. Lastly, as we do at the end of each calendar year, I'll describe our revenue by end market for 2022. We break our end markets into six categories that are grouped by their life cycles and market characteristics. The six end markets are industrial; automotive; personal electronics, which includes products such as mobile phones, PCs, tablets and TVs; communications equipment; enterprise systems; and other, which is primarily calculators. As a percentage of revenue for 2022, industrial was 40%, automotive about 25%, personal electronics 20%, communications equipment 7%, enterprise systems 6%, and other was 2%. In 2022, industrial and automotive combined made up 65% of TI's revenue, up about three percentage points from 2021 and up from 42% in 2013. We see good opportunities in all of our markets, but we place additional strategic emphasis on industrial and automotive. Our industrial and automotive customers are increasingly turning to analog and embedded technologies to make their end products smarter, safer, more connected and more efficient. These trends have resulted and will continue to result in growing chip content per application, which will drive faster growth compared to our other markets. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook. Rafael?
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave. And good afternoon everyone. As Dave mentioned, fourth quarter revenue was $4.7 billion. Gross profit in the quarter was $3.1 billion, or 66% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue, increased capital expenditures and the transition of LFAB-related charges to cost of revenue. Gross profit margin decreased 320 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $863 million, up 9% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were $3.4 billion, or 17% of revenue. Restructuring charges were $48 million in the fourth quarter and were associated with the LFAB factory preproduction costs. As production started at the beginning of December, these costs then transitioned to cost of revenue, where they will be reflected moving forward. In addition, depreciation has begun on these assets. Operating profit was $2.2 billion in the quarter, or 47% of revenue. Operating profit was down 13% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the fourth quarter was $2.0 billion, or $2.13 per share. Earnings per share included a $0.11 benefit for items that were not in our original guidance. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $2.0 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $1.0 billion in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.9 billion, down 6% from a year ago. In the quarter, we paid $1.1 billion in dividends and repurchased $848 million of our stock. In total, we have returned $7.9 billion in the past 12 months to owners. We also increased our dividend per share by 8% in the fourth quarter, marking our 19th year of dividend increases. Our balance sheet remains strong with $9.1 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the fourth quarter. In the quarter we issued $800 million in debt. Total debt outstanding was $8.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.93%. Inventory was up $353 million from the prior quarter to $2.8 billion, and days were 157, up 24 days sequentially. Next, to summarize the benefits of the CHIPS Act, we accrued about $350 million on our balance sheet under long-term assets in fourth quarter, in addition to the $50 million accrued in the third quarter. These accruals are due to the 25% investment tax credit for investments in our U.S. factories. This will eventually flow through our income statement as lower depreciation, and we will receive the associated cash benefit in the future. Now let's look at some of these results for the year. In 2022, cash flow from operations was $8.7 billion. Capital expenditures were $2.8 billion, or 14% of revenue. Free cash flow for 2022 was $5.9 billion, or 30% of revenue. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we have said, we believe that growth of free cash flow per share is the primary driver of long-term value. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $4.17 billion to $4.53 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.64 to $1.90. We now expect our 2023 annual effective tax rate to be about 13% to 14%. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, a broad product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll first hear from Chris Caso of Credit Suisse.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Good evening. I guess, the first question is, if you could just maybe characterize what you're seeing going to Q1, you're talking about that being worse than seasonal. Is that also broadly based in terms of the decline as you've seen in Q4? And I know you don't guide by segment, but any kind of color you could provide by segment as to what you're seeing and the extent to which customers are burning inventory as you know into the first quarter?
Dave Pahl: Yes, Chris, thanks for that question. I'd say that the trends that we saw in the fourth quarter will continue into first, meaning that we expect our end markets to decline with the exception of automotive. So automotive is continuing to be resilient. And we do believe, as you just said, that the customers are continuing to work to get their inventories lower. So you have a follow-on?
Chris Caso: I do. Thank you. I wonder if you could speak about the pace of depreciation expenses as you go through next year. You spoke about RFAB and I know it started production and it's hitting depreciation now. Is there additional incremental depreciation coming from RFAB as you go through the year. What happens to LFAB as you, I guess, maybe the timing of that when that starts production and start hitting depreciation? And then how should we think about some of the benefits that come from CHIPS Act that tend to decrease depreciation over time. I'm sure you're going to speak about that on the Capital Day coming up as well.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Let me take that, and we're going to go through all of that, both the CapEx, depreciation and ITC and the CHIPS Act in great detail next week. For now, what I would tell you is, as you said, RFAB2 is in production, Lehi is in production. So both of those are running that cost now is in cost of revenue, and theyre both depreciating and that that is a function of the  when the equipment is placed in service, it starts depreciating, right? So as both of those ramps, the equipment goes in service starts depreciating. But big picture, what we told you last year on depreciation was that it would ramp roughly linearly to about $2.5 billion in 2025. And again, well give you an update on that next week, but I do want to say just as I said 90 days ago, that since we talked about this last year, our confidence surrounding our long-term growth prospects have only grown. And if you alluded to, weve had the CHIPS Act also since last year that, that legislation pass in August. So well  next week, well give you the  all the puts and takes between those trends and well paint a clearer picture at that point.
Chris Caso: Yeah.
Dave Pahl: And maybe just add a small piece that linear ramp will go from about $1 billion a depreciation that we had this year at about $0.5 billion a year till we get to $2.5 billion, so just kind of doing the math for you. So thanks, Chris, and well go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Next, well hear from Chris Danely of Citi.
Chris Danely: All right. Its the Chris Brothers. Hey guys, so Dave, I believe you said that your confidence in the long-term growth rate has only increased. Maybe just share with us what youve seen in the last three months to six months thats giving you that confidence. Do you expect the, I guess non-auto markets to bounce back this year? And conversely, would you expect auto to cool off or to remain strong all year?
Dave Pahl: Yes. I  and I  again, thats  thanks for the question, Chris. It  the longer-term growth rates are really were speaking to how things are going to grow over the next three and five and 10 years. And that higher confidence comes from the higher semiconductor content growth that were seeing particularly in industrial and automotive. And the fact that that those two markets now make up two-thirds of our revenue. So just as that structurally grows faster than the rest of the market, were convinced more than ever that that will continue to drive our top line and also the products that we have inside of those markets. And Id say also the strong customer response were getting to our geopolitically dependable capacity. So since weve shared publicly our plans last February in capital management call, I just say that, that the response has been very, very strong. So those are really the three things that are adding to our confidence. You have a follow-up?
Chris Danely: Yes. One on inventory. So its bouncing up towards your long-term target. Can you talk about when you would start to ease back utilization rates to maintain that inventory? And then maybe spend a little bit of time on the mix. I know theres still shortages out there. How do you think  how long do you think itll take to, I guess, balance out your inventory this year to achieve some sort of ideal mix?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So let me take that. And first, big picture let me point you to our scorecard. The one that we used for capital management when we talked about the objectives in  when it comes to inventory is to maintain high levels of customer service, keeping stable lead times while minimizing inventory obsolescence, our strategy and our portfolios such that its long-lived a very diverse, our customer base. So the risk of obsolescence is very low. So thats a part of the equation. And the other part is the upside that we get by having that inventory both short-term and long-term to support customers. So thats why were comfortable holding higher levels of inventory. Ive been talking about from current levels we could add a $1 billion to $2 billion of additional inventory. And the timing, that all depends on revenue trends. So if theyre higher, then itll take longer. If those serving trends are a little weaker, then itll be a little faster to get there.  On the mix is a number of angles on that, chip stock versus finished goods, we have a mix of both of those. In some cases, it makes sense to have more of one than the other, but theyre both very low risk. So thats how we think about it.
Chris Danely: Great. Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Well go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hey, hows it going? Thank you so much for taking the question. Dave, hoping you guys could talk a little bit about trends in China, what you saw in Q4, if there was any choppiness toward the end of the quarter, and more importantly, how youre thinking about Q1 and beyond. I guess, theres hope out there that China as an economy bounces back in 2023. Are you guys seeing any early signs of a recovery in terms of end consumption of your products?
Dave Pahl: Yes, Id say, some of the disruptions that we saw earlier in the year, we didnt see any of that here in the fourth quarter. And so nothing exceptional to report with China as a region versus the other regions. And we long held the practice that we call it out if theres something going on. So really nothing exceptional. And certainly, as that economy comes back and consumption increases in China, obviously helping the world GDP, but that would obviously help us as well. It was what we would expect. So you have a follow-on?
Toshiya Hari: Yes, I do. Your analog business in the quarter was down 5% year-to-year and obviously you guys are the first to report. So its hard for us to compare and contrast. How you guys did relative to your competition or your peer group. But it feels like you may have underperformed in the quarter, and I realize its only one quarter. Whats the competitive landscape like today? What kind of pricing trends are you seeing as demand patterns start to soften? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Ill take that question and Rafael, if you want like to add. But I think certainly looking at any particular quarters weve talked about before that our performance is just best measured over time. And I think that thats the way the markets behave and even looking at one year or even longer, youve got to look at three and five and 10 years of performance especially when you go through choppy times like weve been through in the last 18 months or so. And so pricing just to comment on that, Id say that theres nothing unusual going on with pricing. As you know, pricing doesnt move quickly in our markets, our practices and pricing though I know that theyve changed with many of our peers, our practices have not changed. We just continue to price aggressively in the marketplace, but pricing isnt the reason why customers choose our product. Theres usually not the top few reasons why they choose our product. So really no changes on that front. So thank you for those questions, and well go to the next caller.
Operator: Harlan Sur of JP Morgan.
Harlan Sur: Hello, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. In the last earnings call, the team talked about seeing increasing cancellations. Did cancellations continue to increase through Q4? Did they level off? And then we are consignment-based business, what are the aggregate trends that you are seeing within your customers six to nine months, sort of rolling forecast?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Harlan, so the first question is, in a weakening environment, not too surprising. The cancellations were up in the quarter. So we did see an increase there. And from a consignment versus classic backlog, customers really not much difference there. Their visibility  even though well get visibility out six months, their visibility to their demand can change, as we know very rapidly within the 90 days or certainly even within 30 days as those windows move a long time. So I would say that theres not much changed in that. And oftentimes if customers arent canceling orders, what theyre doing is rescheduling them back out in time. So certainly seeing that happen as well. Do you have a follow on?
Harlan Sur: Yeah. So embedded drove 10% year-over-year growth in the second half of last year, it also drove slight sequential growth in the fourth quarter. So the business is holding up relatively well versus analog. And I know that the team seems to have moved past some of the headwinds in this segment as youve sort of focused investments on selective markets and opportunities, right? Is that refocusing, like helping the near-term trends in embedded? And with all of the restructuring, how do you think about the forward opportunities and growth outlook for embedded over the next few years?
Dave Pahl: Yes, yes. Thanks. Great, great question. Thank you for it. Yes, first I would just say that our efforts having impact, they are. And I would just say that were  pleased with the progress that were making there with embedded. And we believe that progress in those results just need to be measured again over time. So, we continue to work on that business and well continue to do that. When we think about the market opportunity for embedded and analog, we think that both of those markets have about the same growth opportunities. So in time the growth rates will converge, though they could be  you could see differences in any given quarter. But longer term, we believe that they can grow at the same rates. So thank you. And Harlan will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Next well hear from Timothy Arcuri of UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Dave, I had a question about just the analog business generally, both with respect to share and margins. The margins are quite a bit lower than in early 2021 on quite a bit more revenue. I guess, is that all just still supply chain related costs? And do we get that back at some point? And then on share, just in that same point, the share, we dont know what the  all of the calendar fourth quarter looks like, but its pretty clear that the share is going to be down about 150 basis points this year, and youre kind of back to 2012 levels. So I just wonder kind of whats going on there? Is there some pricing issue that might explain why that share would be down so much? Thanks, Dave. And then I have a follow up.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me go ahead and start. Yes, let me address first on your margin question. Analog is a huge portion of the company. So anything youre seeing in analog is what youre seeing at the company level. And when it comes to gross profit, were very pleased with the results you came in about as expected. And decreases, as we said in the prepared remarks, it decreased primarily due to lower revenue, the transition of LFAB-related cost to a cost of revenue, as well as the cost related to increased investments over the last several quarters that are now flowing through the P&L. And those are long-term investments that are going to position us very well for top-line growth for many, many years to come. And on this, the second part of the question, I think Dave already answered, you go to look at this over a long time, not any one quarter and particularly during choppy times. So, stay tuned on that.
Dave Pahl: Yes, and Ill just add that I think our approach to building closer relationships with customers has served us well. As you know, weve moved and taken more of our revenue direct as well as providing services through ti.com. So its provided a lot of advantages including, as being better able to see and respond to changes in demand. And you know as customers are reducing their inventories now, we havent employed any long-term sales agreements or non-cancelable, non-reschedulable contracts, really just focused on customers, and trying to meet their needs and service them well for the long-term. I think all those things has us in a position where we do believe that were able to grow the top-line faster over the next few years. And as we talked about, well give you some insight into that next week, and how thats going to change some of our plan. So was that Tims follow up, or, you have a follow up, Tim?
Timothy Arcuri: I do Dave. I do Dave, thanks. So just a comment that autos grow in Q1. Is that a year-over-year comment? Or you expect autos to be up on a Q-on-Q basis, also in Q1? Thanks.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So year-on-year, automotive was up about 30%. And just put that in context from fourth quarter 2019. I just picked that because its pre-pandemic levels are  revenues in auto are up in the mid-70%s [ph]. So we continue to see strong growth there. So thats the year-on-year. The comment that we made before that it was up mid single-digits it was the sequential comment, Tim.
Rafael Lizardi: Thank you. Well go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Next well hear from Ambrish Srivastava of BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you very much, Dave. Ill just stay with autos. So its interesting data point versus the pre-pandemic. But Im just looking at the auto business and the rest of the business everything is decelerating as you would expect, and auto seems to be, if not accelerating, kind of in that high-20%s, 30% range. I just wanted your perspective on, whats your sense? Usually all these things are pretty interconnected and maybe its a quarter or two quarters before everything going to follows the same cadence. So, wed just love to get some perspective from you guys on the disparity between autos and the rest of the broader businesses.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Ambrish, thanks. Id say that as we  you almost have to go back to the beginning of the pandemic and how revenues behaved as we went through first quarter and into second and third. And if you remember, as the pandemic spread in third quarter, we saw wide and very deep cancellations across all of the markets including automotive. But as we all went home to set up our home offices, we either bought a new monitor or a printer or PC. So very quickly our personal electronics customers came back and came back very strong if you remember. The other markets began to follow, but automotive was the last to respond. And people early in the pandemic werent shopping for cars, they werent going out of the house. So they had that issue. And as manufacturers tried to reopen, they had more issues with COVID protocols and working to bring their plans back online. So its not too surprising that there as an asynchronously came out. Its asynchronously going down. So  but all these markets we believe over the long term will behave the same. And at some point we believe that we will see a correction in automotive. It may not, but we dont  we just dont know. And well continue to ship product to customer demand. Its obviously very strong. Theres lots of reasons why besides us gaining share, theres more content, theres mix and other factors inside of that. But clearly theres inventory built across all markets. Its inclusive of automotive. So do you have a follow-up?
Ambrish Srivastava: I did. Just a quick one on the cash grant side of the CHIPS Act. And whatever I have read, it may be incorrect. But my recollection is that in Q1, Q2 timeframe, the government will delineate kind of the guidelines and whats your expectation of when that cash starts to come in?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So the CHIPS Act has both an ITC, investment tax credit and grants. So youre asking about the grants. Were still working through those details. We do not have an update to share right now though the applications open in February. So we are actively  were going to actively seek funding on those in whatever  for whatever we could qualify. So were going to submit our application in February. But right now, we dont have any information to share on that. The  all the accruals that we have taken so far, the 400 million that we have taken are all for the ITC, for the investment tax credit, 25% investment credit for U.S.-based manufacturing.
Ambrish Srivastava: And the timing on that, Rafael, you will let us know about when that flows through the cash flow later on, right?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. In fact, let me take a second and kind of walk through how it flows through the financial. So you can actually look at our balance sheet on the Page 4 of our release. The other long-term assets that is up to 1.1 billion. You can see the increase year-on-year, thats the 400  thats what a 400 million receivable is for that ITC. If we had not taken the ITC, that $400 million would have gone to property, plant and equipment. So you can see property, plant and equipment $6.9 billion that would have been $7.3 billion. So instead on a long-term asset, a receivable therefore it's not going to depreciate that $400 million doesn't appreciate because it's not part of PP&E, and eventually, we'll get the cash. Now to your question right now, based on our interpretation of the law, we're not going to get that cash until late 2024. And then every year, it will be like one-year in areas, right? You get a kind of one-year late, but that could change. Clearly, that's something that companies are advocating forward to get that cash early. But right now, we're not planning to get that until 2024. So again, that's how you see it on the balance sheet, lower PP&E. You see a receivable instead. Then because of lower PP&E, you have lower depreciation over the life of the asset [ph] and then the receivable because the receivable venture, you get the cash, so it goes from a receivable to the cash line, right? And then eventually, we return it to the owners of the company or use it for other  for the corporate core business. Hopefully, that answers your question.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thank you very much.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Maybe just quickly there 2024 timing is tied to when we file our taxes for 2023, right?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So yes, so not to add more confusion, but we get the cash through filing the taxes. However, this will not affect the tax rate because the accounting will put that, as I just described, through lower PP&E and you actually see the cash in the cash flow statement in the investing section. But the actual receiving of the cash happens at tax filing time in October or so of September of every year, and we just paid less taxes to that. But again, not to confuse you, the tax rate will not change.
Ambrish Srivastava: It's an more-than [ph] accounting. Thank you, guys.
Rafael Lizardi: Okay. Operator, we have time for one more caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today will come from Joshua Buchalter of Cowen.
Joshua Buchalter: Hey guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. You mentioned customers getting inventory lower in the quarter. You're more direct than many of your peers that you have a better, I guess, view into end demand theoretically. And so  can you help us understand are we close to bottoming? Do you think we're getting to healthy levels? And were there particular end markets that saw more acute inventory correction in the short-term? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Joshua, maybe just quickly, obviously, when customers begin reducing inventory, its number one quarter phenomenon. It usually takes several quarters for that to happen. We won't have a sight and it obviously will also depend on what happens to their end demand, which we can't predict. And  but yes, we do believe that we get better visibility because we do have more direct relationships with customers overall, so you have a follow on?
Joshua Buchalter: Yes. Thank you. You know, a lot of attention gets paid to your CapEx for obvious reasons, but R&D grew I think 7% or 8% in 2022 after being flat for a few years. And I think you guys fair or unfair get dinged for under-investing on the R&D lines. So I was wondering could you walk through some of your priorities for that spending and how should we think about R&D into 2023? Recognize it might be a question for next week. Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Sure. No, Im happy to address that. So first, these are long-term investments in nature. The R&D, clearly thats where we get the, continue to build on the broad portfolio. Thats where we have process technology and that we get results over many, many years into the future. And were going to protect those investments. But its not just R&D, even in SG&A we have areas that are tied to capabilities. TI.com is the best example. Thats another place where were investing, and thats tied to a long-term top line growth of the company to be strengthening the reach of channels advantage, you could add CapEx to that picture. Thats also obviously a long-term investment to strengthen our manufacturing and technology advantage. If you look at the, over the last four or five years, our OpEx, so R&D and SG&A, theyve been at a very steady $3.2 billion for like four or five years. This year for the first time, we picked that up to $3.4 billion. So we went up a little bit as we increased investments. And actually that was an impact on due to inflation, which were not immune to that, you can expect that to continue increasing a little bit over the, in 2023 and over the next several years as we continue to increase investments. Theres also the inflation component and but big picture, those are great long-term investments that will feel the growth for the company over the next 10 to 15 years.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Joshua. And thank you all for joining us. Again, we look forward to sharing with you our capital management update next Thursday, February 2nd, at 10:00 AM Central Time. And a replay of this call will be available shortly on our website. Good evening.
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-25 16:30:00) =====
Dave Pahl: Welcome to the Texas Instruments Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. I am Dave Pahl, Head of Investor Relations and I am joined by our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. In addition, todays call is being recorded and you will be able to get it via replay on our website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TIs results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TIs most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Today, we will provide the following updates. First, I will start with a quick overview of the quarter. Next, I will provide insight into third quarters revenue results with some details of what we are seeing with respect to our customers and markets. And lastly, Rafael will come to results and our guidance for the fourth quarter of 2022. Starting with a quick overview of the third quarter, revenue in the quarter came in about as expected at $5.2 billion, an increase of 1% sequentially and 13% year-over-year. Analog revenue grew 13%, Embedded Processing grew 11%, and our Other segment grew 20% from the year ago quarter. Now Ill provide some insight into third quarter revenue by market. This quarter, I will focus on our sequential performance as its more informative at this time. First, personal electronics declined mid-teens as we continue to see the weakness we described in the second quarter. Industrial was about even sequentially as we saw weakness begin to broaden in the industrial market. The automotive market remains strong and was about 10%. Next, communications equipment was up high single-digits. And finally, enterprise systems, was up mid single-digits. Turning to our expectations for the fourth, we expect that most of our end markets will decline sequentially with the exception of the automotive market. Lastly, we and our customers remain pleased with the progress of our expansion of our manufacturing capacity, which was outlined in our February capital management call and will support the long-term secular trend of increased semiconductor content per system. Customers especially value the geopolitically dependable footprint of our manufacturing additions. We are now in production in RFAB2 and expect production in LFAB later this year. In addition, construction of SM-1 and SM-2 in Sherman, Texas continues as planned. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave and good afternoon everyone. As Dave mentioned, third quarter revenue was $5.2 billion, up 13% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $3.6 billion or 69% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit margin increased 110 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $862 million, up 8% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were $3.3 billion or 16% of revenue. Restructuring charges were $77 million in the third quarter and are associated with a LFAB factory that we purchased in October of last year. These charges will move to cost of revenue as we start production. The assets associated with the acquisition of the factory will begin to depreciate at the same time. Moving on, operating profit was $2.7 billion in the quarter or 51% of revenue. Operating profit was up 16% from the year ago quarter. Net income in the third quarter was $2.3 billion or $2.47 per share. Earnings per share included a $0.02 benefit for items that were not in our original guidance. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $2.8 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $790 million in the quarter and $3.1 billion over the last 12 months. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.9 billion. In the quarter, we paid $1.1 billion in dividends and repurchased $1 billion of our stock. In total, we have returned $7.1 billion in the past 12 months. In September, we announced we would increase our dividend by 8%, marking our 19th consecutive year of dividend increases. We also increased our share repurchase authorizations by $15 billion. These actions reflect our commitment to return of free cash flow to our owners. Our balance sheet remains strong with $9.1 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the third quarter. In the quarter, we issued $700 million in debt. Total debt outstanding was $8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.8%. Inventory dollars were up $205 million from the prior quarter to $2.4 billion and days were 133, up 8 days sequentially and below these higher levels. For the fourth quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $4.4 billion to $4.8 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.83 to $2. This outlook comprehends the market conditions that Dave previously mentioned. We continue to expect our 2022 effective tax rate to be about 14%. As you are looking at your models for 2023, without additional changes to tax law, we would expect our effective tax rate to remain above what it is in 2022 with a similar quarterly profile. Let me now make a few comments on the CHIPS Act that was recently signing to law. The combination of the investment tax credit, the grant as well as funding for research and development will help make the U.S. semiconductor industry more competitive. We accrued about $50 million on the balance sheet in third quarter due to the 25% investment tax credit for investments in our U.S. factories. This will eventually flow some statement as lower depreciation and we will receive the associated cash benefit in the future. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, a broad product portfolio, reach of our channels and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We will take the first question from Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks. Dave, I wonder if you can sort of go into any detail within distribution versus consignment? Maybe what I am trying to get at is sort of any differences in demand pull as measured by bookings inside distribution or demand pull from the consignment segment, is one better than the other? And also is there any cancellations inside of  into distribution?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So on the first part, Tim, we didnt see really anything different between the direct business back going through distribution. As you know, we have had an effort over the past few years to have direct  close to direct relationships with our customers. So the amount of revenue going through distribution is much lower today. So probably only about 30% of our revenue actually goes through distribution. We did see cancellations increased in the quarters just as customers work to align the backlog to their needs. Do you have a follow-up?
Operator: So we will take the next question from Vivek Arya, Bank of America Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my questions. So the first one, it seems like consumer electronics is your biggest area of headwinds in Q3, I think you said down mid-teens. And I imagine about the same kind of double-digit down in Q4. Do you think are we past the worst of the consumer or should we be expecting the seasonal decline again for consumer in Q1? I know its a little bit further out, but I just wanted to check what you are seeing in terms of consumer right now. And I guess the bigger picture question there is, is TI more exposed to the cyclical downturn versus your peers, because you have the highest consumer exposure? And if that is the case, do you need to do something different, given that mix headwind?
Dave Pahl: Yes, Vivek, thanks for that question and the opportunity to clarify. So, personal electronics last year was 24% of our revenue. If you look at the market overall, personal electronics, a little more than 50% of the semiconductor market without memory. So we have less than half of the exposure there. If you look at industrial and automotive, that makes up 62% of our revenues. And inside of the market, thats 26% of the market. So we are really highly exposed to both industrial and automotive and thats not by accident, is probably more than a decade ago, we began allocating more of our resources to automotive and industrial and the emphasis there. So we are very pleased with our exposure. And we believe that, that will be where there just will be more content added into those systems. Now that said, there is great opportunities inside of personal electronics, communications equipment and enterprise systems in the decades ahead, but we will just have those secular tailwinds more than average inside of industrial and automotive. Do you have a follow-on Vivek?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thank you, Dave. So kind of similar question, but on automotive, which you suggested grew 10% sequential in Q3. And interestingly, you are suggesting it can grow again in Q4. Whats your sense of kind of the supply-demand balance in automotive among your Tier 1 and then the auto OEM customers? Many investors are concerned that the kind of rolling correction that we are seeing in semi is going to eventually hit automotive, which has been a very strong area over the last 1 to 2 years. So whats your sense of what kind of the supply-demand balance is in this automotive end market? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Id say first, I think when you look at the secular trends inside of automotive, I think all of us know that it will be a great grower for us and we are investing very broadly. So we are just thrilled with the position. If you look at the second quarter of 2020, our growth there has, off the bottom, been very, very strong. Will that market eventually roll over? It will. I mean, thats just what happens. And we are not trying to predict when that will happen, we will continue to ship product to customers as they request it. And we are really focused on making sure we have got capacity in place for them over the long-term. So we are not really trying to worry about when that will happen. So thank you, Vivek, and we will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Next question from Joshua Buchalter from Cowen. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Joshua Buchalter: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to double-click on the industrial market. Did anything change materially through the quarter? Anything you can give us on linearity or by geography? As we think about whats baked into the guide, is it more, I guess, conservatism on the macro or was there really a material change in your customers order patterns? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yes, Josh, thanks for that question. I would say if you look at the third quarter results across the board and also inclusive of industrial, the quarter came in as we had expected. If you look at  and even sequential is not unusual inside of industrial, thats about what we were expecting. But as we described, the weakness began to broaden into that. So there wasnt one place that we could put the finger on to say it was one thing or one group of customers, but we did see just different signals inside of there that is leading us to that conclusion that it is  that weakness is broadening. And in fact, we expect that weakness to broaden into most of the other markets as well as we move into fourth quarter, of course, with the exception of auto. So thats really what we are seeing, its order rates. If you look at order rates quarter-to-date, they are of course consistent with our outlook, but they are weak quarter-to-date. And so its those types of signals that are leading to the outlook. And really, those are the types of signals that really best inform what our shipments in the quarter and in the short-term are going to be. Do you have a follow-up, Joshua?
Joshua Buchalter: Yes. Thank you, thats very helpful. I also wanted to clarify the comments on the CHIPS Act. You mentioned $50 million was accrued on the balance sheet. Was that from the investment tax credit only? Because I know there is a second bucket for manufacturing incentives. And if not, when should  when would you expect to, I guess, get more clarity on how much youll be able to accrue for the manufacturing incentive portion of the CHIPS Act? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So first, let me step back. Big picture, the combination of the investment actually the grant as well as the funding for research and development will help. U.S. semiconductor are more competitive. We accrued the $50 million that we talked about in the prepared remarks that you referred to, that was for the 25% investment tax credit that is for manufacturing assets that will go into service in 2023 and beyond. And that is  that was for $200 million. So quarter of that is what we accrued that we will receive from the government at some point in the future as lower taxes. But in the P&L, it flows. It will flow through lower depreciation. I think maybe what youre referring to when you talk about manufacturing is the grant portion. Is that what youre referring to? Well, maybe answer them. But if you are talking about the grant that is part of the CHIPS Act, but its separate from the investment tax credit that remains to be seen as more. We will apply for those, the application window doesnt open until February. So we will apply for those. And as we learn more, we will let you know. And big picture, when we get to February, the next capital management call, we will talk about the chipset, the overall investment will try to quantify that and what benefit we will get. At the same time, since the last capital management call, our confidence around the long-term growth prospects in our industry, the secular trends that Dick talked about earlier. That confidence has only grown, so we feel really good about that. So we will tell you about the net impact between those two, the benefits of the chip stack and the growing confidence at the next capital management call and any changes to our numbers based on that. So I think you dropped off.
Dave Pahl: Thank you. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: We will take the follow-up from Timothy Arcuri, UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot Dave for let me come back in. So my follow-up was on China. And Im wondering if you can talk about your business there. Are you seeing any signs of pull-ins or push-outs as a result of some of these bands. Are you seeing any changes sort of in the linearity around the bands getting announced? And I think also, you had talked about China being like high teens of consumption of your product. Is that still where you see it? Thanks.
Dave Pahl: So  and Rafael, maybe you want to add to it. But on the bands, that the recent changes in some of the bands, there were companies added to the entities list overall. We dont expect that there is really much, if any, impact due to those changes really to that or in any of the restrictions from overall from that. Anything to add on that?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, correct. 99% of our parts fall on the very lowest category of restrictions, just given the nature of the types of parts that we sell. So we dont have restrictions on those. Of course, there are restrictions specific to entities. There is the entity lease that you hear about, the FDP, thats another list. And we, of course, follow all the regulations when it comes to that. So when an entity goes listed in there, we take that into account and restrict shipments as according to the law. But given how that works, we dont expect any meaningful or significant impact to our revenue with those export loss.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And that was the first part of your question, Tim. The second part you had mentioned high teens, its actually about 25% of our revenue comes from customers that are based in China. So thats the number. Thank you, Tim. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Next one from Stacy Rasgon, Bernstein Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. So my first one, I just wanted to verify, are there any changes to the trajectory of the near to medium-term CapEx plan just given changes in the current environment? And I guess related to that, the Lehi headwinds that are coming, do you have any of those embedded in Q4? Because you said its coming online starting in Q4. And Im getting implied gross margins down a few hundred basis points sequentially.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So let me answer the first one  the last one first. So you see on our P&L, about $77 million of restructuring charges in third quarter, that is all because of  those are the Lehi costs that we chosen to put in there before it qualifies once it qualifies that cost will move to cost of revenue. So it will move to gross margin.
Stacy Rasgon: Is that in Q4, though? Does that happen in Q4 or Q1?
Rafael Lizardi: Well, it will happen during Q4. Of course, not changing. It doesnt affect EPS. So its just going to move  and we dont guide the specific lines, right? But if it qualifies in December 1, third of that will go into COR and then all of it will be there for first quarter, right? If you qualify December 31, then all of it will be in restructuring in fourth quarter, and then all of it will move in first quarter.
Dave Pahl: Just to clarify, thats already in profit. In third quarter, its been there. Its just moving above the lines into the gross profit.
Rafael Lizardi: Into gross profit. Its being in profit from operations the entire time all of this year. The first part of your question, big picture, we will give you an update in about 4 months at the capital management with all the puts and takes. But what I would tell you is that  well, short-term, we expect our change  our CapEx expectation for 2022 have not changed. That is $2.6 billion to $2.8 billion for this year; depreciation, about $1 billion for this year. Im talking 2022. Bigger picture, as I said earlier, the CHIPS Act, great legislation. Were very excited about that. That is going to decrease on a net basis. our investment because were going to get a 25% reduction from the investments that qualified and manufacturing investments in the United States. But on the other hand, as I alluded to earlier, our confidence around our long-term growth prospects have only grown over the last 6 to 12 months based on the secular trends based on input from our customers. So we feel really excited about that. The net effect of those two and whatever that does to our CapEx plans, we will tell you about that in February.
Dave Pahl: You have a follow-on, Stacy?
Stacy Rasgon: I do. Thank you. I wanted to ask about OpEx. So its been running in the $800 million range, plus or minus, for quite a while. And frankly, people are wondering how youve been keeping it there. in such an inflationary environment. It is now ticking up, but its picking up as revenues are falling. I guess why is it increasing now where is it did increase before and what happens going forward? Because if I would just hold it flat on the revenue guide going forward to do something like 19% of revenue, so it is still below your kind of what youve talked about in terms of long-term targets for OpEx. So how do we think about that? Why is it growing now versus before? And how do we think about where the range might go going forward?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So heres how we think about it. Step back, for the last 5.5 years, really, weve been running OpEx on a trailing 12-month basis, which is how I prefer to look at it at $3.2 billion. Pretty consistently, were really steady hand over that time. Our hiring has been very consistent during that time. And that is underpinned by our long-term expectations on growth. And inside of that, R&D has actually moved up. SG&A has moved down inside of that $3.2 billion, but its been really consistent on that. This last quarter for the first time, it ticked up to $3.3 billion on a trailing 12-month basis. And I would expect that to continue ticking up over the next many quarters and years as we continue stepping up our investments. And that is a, driven by the higher investments, but inflation is playing a factor. Its clearly wage inflation. Were not immune to that. So that is also affecting and will continue to affect those trends.
Dave Pahl: Okay, thanks, Stacy. We will go to the next caller. Thank you.
Operator: We have Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I had two. Maybe just a clarification, though, on Stacys question because you said, but I didnt hear anything negative to net off of two positives. So Im just kind of curious, and I guess we will see what March brings, and Im happy if you want to comment on that. But it seems like at least personal electronics is back to where you were in 19, 20. It seems like industrial is going to kind of get back there. And at that point, youre building inventories. You had more capacity than demand. So if we do go back to those levels and youre adding more capacity, Im just trying to understand is still the view that youll build inventory like you do in 19 and 20 and still roll out the capacity for the long-term.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me try and answer that. Frankly, I didnt fully understand. You threw in several premises there. But let me just address the best way I can enable and capacity. So capacity, weve been adding capacity incrementally for a number of quarters. Now our Fab 2 is in production. Lehi is about to start production within a few months. So clearly, our incremental capacity is going up. At the same time, weve been increasing inventory very slowly. And now more recently, we added $200 million of inventory in this last quarter, but we are still below these higher levels. Okay. Keep in mind, our business model is such where we are targeting the vast major of our parts sell to many, many customers. So they are very broad in nature. The product life cycles of the parts is decades in many times, the products themselves last 10 years in inventory, most of them. So the risk of selection for the inventory is very, very low. The potential upside of having that inventory ready is very high. So thats why we prefer to have more than less inventory. So I would not be uncomfortable, as I said before, adding another $1 billion, $1.5 billion of inventory over the next several quarters to get us well positioned for the next upturn that invariably comes at some point.
Dave Pahl: You have a follow-on, Blayne?
Blayne Curtis: Thanks. And I just want to ask you specifically on the auto segment. You said thats the only one thats not down. And obviously, its very well known that its been so tight. But just any more comments on why that market is taking a bit longer than, say, industrial to correct?
Dave Pahl: Yes. I think  as well documented, I think as we went through the pandemic, it had the deepest correction from a starting point standpoint. The mix of auto manufacturers to the high end. Youve got EVs that are inside of those mix that are all adding to that to those secular trends. So I think that were well positioned as we make investments across our businesses. Were investing in powertrain, which would include electric vehicles and hybrid. Were investing in ADAS systems. Were investing in infotainment systems. Were investing in body and lighting. That doesnt get talked about a lot on conference calls where we get excited about turn signals, as we do about BMS systems. And then we also invest in safety systems. So we are growing very broadly. Weve got close to 1,000 different automotive OEMs that we service. And we really believe that weve got probably decades of growth ahead of us that were preparing for. So, thank you, Blayne. Now we will go to the next call please. 
Operator: We have Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for let me ask q question. A high-level one on your Analog business. Year-to-date, I think its 15% year-over-year with the midpoint-ish of your guidance. It seems like this year might be up about 10%. Thats roughly half of what the broader market is running at. Can you guys explain a little bit about why you would be undergoing the market as defined by SIA? And if you are, is that something that you expect to mean revert? Because you dont  you lose this amount of share in a year unless there is something unique going on. So any help in explaining that would be great.
Dave Pahl: Yes, sure. I think that whenever Im asked that question, and its always a lot more comfortable to be answering it when were up twice the rate of the market. You really need to look at it over a longer period of time. So look at the rate of growth of us versus the industry from fourth quarter of 19. I just picked that because its a pre-pandemic number. And we look very, very good against those numbers. So we were, as you remember, as we went into the pandemic, we continued to build inventory. So the numbers initially looked very, very strong as customers pulled product from us. So when you look some of the sequentials were harder, and thats not making excuses. But when you look at our manufacturing footprint and how we are positioned, you look at the customer excitement around that manufacturing footprint and customers look at where that addition is coming and the geopolitical dependable locations of where that footprint is coming on. We are very confident in where the trajectory of our market share is going longer term. So, you got a follow-up, Ross?
Ross Seymore: I do. I just want to revisit the gross margin side. Not going into whether the Lehi charges are moving into COGS or not. But are there any other moving parts? Because it appears at the midpoint of your revenue guide and your earnings guide if OpEx is roughly the same sequentially that the gross margin would have to go down, better part of 2 points or 3 points. I just wanted to know if there is any other unique aspects implied in that guidance.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. No, I would tell you, we are very pleased with our gross margin performance. On a year-on-year basis, the third quarter that we just finished is  the fall-through was 12%, and that is actually higher than the guidance that we have given $70 million to $75 million. What I would point you to is, as you can see in the cash flow statement, depreciation is increasing sequentially, has increased sequentially actually for a number of quarters. So, this last quarter, $20-some million. Of course, that is a direct result of the CapEx investments that we are making. And so you should expect depreciation to continue ticking up. I said earlier in the call, we expect this year to be close to $1 billion. So, you can obviously then do the math and get fourth quarter depreciation there. But clearly, that is picking up and the bulk of that depreciation goes into cost of revenue.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Ross and we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Next One is Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore: Yes. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk about if the lead time environment has changed? I know you have talked about there being hotspots in the past few quarters. Has that gone now, or your delinquencies kind of back to below normal levels, or where are you out with that?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So, we still do have hotspots, in any market environment we have got hotspots. But we still do have them probably still most pronounced inside of automotive. Lead times didnt change much second quarter to third quarter. And at the same time, as we have talked about before, customers can get immediate availability of products on ti.com. So, you have kind of all those dynamics going on. Do you have a follow-up, Joe.
Joe Moore: Yes. Thank you for that. We are hearing from some of your industrial and automotive customers desire to hold higher safety stock than what companies have historically held. Is that something that you guys see? Is that  I mean do you think it might affect TI? And just how do you think about that going forward? Do you think thats a normal state of affairs?
Dave Pahl: Yes. We have seen and heard and been in those discussions before. We know that some customers that are really taking a hard look at their supply chains, where their product is coming from, what technologies they are being built on, ensuring that they have got supply of those technologies. Thats part of the reason why, when they look at product being built and the capacity we are putting in place at the 45 nanometer to 130 nanometer. They know they need that capacity for decades to come. So, they get excited about when they see that capacity overall. But to change supply, the supply chains is really hard work. It will take a long time to be able to do it. And its not oftentimes just as simple as carrying more inventory on the balance sheet. So, there probably will be some of those customers that do that hard work and restructure the supply chains. And there probably will be some that once we get supply and demand imbalance, so it just kind of fall back into normal practices. So, I think time will tell as that plays out. And Rafael, do you have
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. No, I will just add. At the end of the day, customers will do what they want to do, right. And of course, if they want to hold more inventory, they are welcome to do that. What we believe is that for us to hold more inventory, we are in a great position to do that, given the nature of that inventory that its catalog in nature that can sell to many, many customers. So, we are all better off, and our customers will be better off when we hold more of that inventory, and we can direct it where its most needed. So, thats why, as I said earlier, we  our goal is to continue growing inventory. We are still below these higher levels, and we will add significantly more inventory over the quarters to come, be ready for the next upside.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you, Joe and we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: We will take William Stein from Truist Security. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
William Stein: Hi. Great. Thank you very much for taking my question. I wanted to ask about ti.com. In past quarters, I think maybe even a quarter ago, you talked about how percent of revenue from that channel had gone from less than 1% of sales to over 10%. I think that occurred in about a 1-year timeframe. You just mentioned a moment ago, Dave, that this is the channel where customers can go for the immediate availability. So, I would assume that they get that availability at a price and that when things start softening as you are alluding to on this call that perhaps that channel sees a more precipitous decline. Did we see that during the quarter? And do you anticipate that to happen in the coming quarter or two quarters?
Dave Pahl: Yes. And we did see a decline there. And we will finish up the year and provide an update on our capital management. And how it did for the year, wont be something that we will be reporting out on a quarterly basis, but there was a decline there, and not that it was unexpected, so.
Rafael Lizardi: Now, longer term, its a fantastic channel to engage customers on a number of levels and customers are very pleased. So, there will be fluctuations quarter-to-quarter, maybe even year-to-year. But over the long-term, we are very pleased with that channel and what its doing to get us even more directly engaged with customers.
Dave Pahl: Absolutely. Do you have a follow-on, Will?
William Stein: Yes. Sort of along the same lines, there has been some speculation in the press, for example, that this has been a channel for companies that you might call brokers or some people call it the gray market of distribution to get their hands on TI product, and that perhaps there is still inventory that was acquired by such parties that is still sort of floating around and waiting to be sold on to end customers. I wonder whether you have found a better reason to maybe track that and measure it, and any observations you have made with regard to that? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And well, as you know, I spent 8 years in my career in sales, and there have always been brokers in our market. And as Rafael talked about, we have long believed that owning and controlling our inventory is a strategic advantage. So, in having policies of like non-cancelable orders and things like that, as customers take product that they dont need, thats typically the source of that product going out the back door for brokers. So, can brokers go on to ti.com and get products, they can. But thats pretty minimal in comparison to other sources that they might be able to get it. So, overall, the majority of customers that we service are customers that we have large engagements with directly. Thank you and we will go the next caller, please.
Operator: We will take C.J. Muse from Evercore. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess a question on end markets into December. If I adjust the down 12% sequential for the strength in auto, it looks like all your other businesses are tracking at least down kind of mid-teens. So, curious what parts of the market are down seasonally? I would think the other  the calculators would be one. And what are  whats maybe more down cyclically in terms of the correction that you are seeing?
Dave Pahl: And C.J., just to clarify, you are talking about the fourth quarter guidance?
C.J. Muse: Yes.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So, again, we are not trying to provide guidance by quarter or by each market inside of that. We are obviously, with the guide overall, it is a weaker fourth quarter than a typical fourth quarter. So, with the exception of auto, as we have talked about, that we will continue to see weakness inside of personal electronics, but we will see the other markets weaken as well. So, we are not trying to get specific on that. So, we will finish up the quarter and report that out. But we do expect the weakness to broaden across those markets. Do you have a follow-on?
C.J. Muse: Yes, please. I guess as a follow-on question to China and obviously, you talked about very little impact from the embargo on your business. But curious as you contemplate Chinas ability to invest in the lagging edge and I am assuming it will take years, if not decades, to try to compete in high-performance analog. But just curious how your thoughts are evolving for China as a competitor to you in the coming decades?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, I will start. Dave, you want to chime in. But I would tell you, at the end of the day, it all comes down to our competitor advantages, right. And it starts with the broad portfolio that we have in the analog and embedded space, you need a huge portfolio to compete effectively, particularly in industrial and automotive. And we have 80,000 or so parts that we sell to 100,000 different customers. So, you need that type of diversity. Then second is manufacturing and technology. These investments that are positioned 300-millimeter, first, but then all the investments that we are making are just building on that, right. So, we have RFAB2 coming, that just came online. Our new factory in Lehi and the mega site that we just broke ground in Sherman thats going to have four factories, each one the size of RFAB2. So, that really puts us in a very strong position to compete against anyone, whether its in the United States or in China, okay.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, C.J. With that, we will wrap it up, and Rafael?
End of Q&A:
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So, let me wrap it up. At our core, we are engineers, and technology is the foundation of our company, but ultimately, our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate long-term value for owners is the growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objective, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world thats ever changing. And we will be a company that we are personally proud to be a part of and would want as our neighbor. When we are successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners all benefit. Thank you and have a good evening.
Operator: That concludes todays event. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-26 16:30:00) =====
Dave Pahl: Welcome to Texas Instruments Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. Im Dave Pahl, Head of Investor Relations, and Im joined by our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TIs results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TIs most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. Today, well provide the following updates. First, Ill start with a quick overview of the quarter. Next, Ill provide insight into second quarter revenue results, with some details of what we are seeing with respect to our customers and markets. Lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results and our guidance for third quarter 2022. Starting with a quick overview of the quarter. Revenue in the quarter was $5.2 billion, an increase of 6% sequentially and 14% year-over-year, driven by growth across markets. Analog revenue grew 15%, Embedded Processing grew 5%, and our Other segment grew 19% from the year-ago quarter. Now let me comment on the environment in second quarter to provide some context of what we saw with our customers and markets. As we spoke about in our last earnings call, April started out weak from COVID-19 restrictions in China. As those restrictions began to ease towards the latter part of May and into June, customers began to pull product generally consistent with their prior demand forecasts at the start of the quarter. Moving on, Ill provide some insight into our second quarter revenue by market from the year-ago quarter. First, the industrial market was up high-single digits and the automotive market was up more than 20%. We saw weakness throughout the quarter in personal electronics, which grew low-single digits. Next, communications equipment was up about 25%. Finally, enterprise systems was up mid-teens. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave mentioned, second quarter revenue was $5.2 billion, up 14% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $3.6 billion or 70% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit margin increased 240 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $836 million, up 2% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were $3.2 billion or 17% of revenue. Restructuring charges were $66 million in the second quarter and are associated with the LFAB factory that we purchased in October of last year. Operating profit was $2.7 billion in the quarter or 52% of revenue. Operating profit was up 23% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the second quarter was $2.3 billion or $2.45 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.8 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $597 million in the quarter and $2.8 billion over the last 12 months. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.9 billion. In the quarter, we paid $1.1 billion in dividends and repurchased $1.2 billion of our stock. In total, we have returned $6.2 billion in the past 12 months. Our balance sheet remains strong with $8.4 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the second quarter. We retired $0.5 billion of debt in the quarter. Total debt outstanding was $7.3 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.7%. Inventory dollars were up $139 million from the prior quarter to $2.2 billion and days were 125, down two days sequentially and below desired levels. Accounts receivable for this quarter ended at $2.2 billion, up from $1.6 billion a year ago. This increase primarily reflects the higher proportion of shipments made near the end of the quarter, as COVID-19 restrictions were lifted in China and customers began pulling product. For the third quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $4.90 billion to $5.30 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $2.23 to $2.51. This outlook comprehends the weaker demand we see, particularly from customers in the personal electronics market. We expect our 2022 effective tax rate to be about 14%. Lastly, we and our customers remain pleased with the progress of our expansion of manufacturing capacity, which was outlined in our February Capital Management Call and will support the long-term secular trend of increased semiconductor content per system. We broke ground on the Sherman manufacturing complex in May and work continues at RFAB2 and LFAB to prepare for production output. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, a broad product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, well provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Well take our first question from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. My first one, I guess, I wanted to ask about gross margins. So, they declined -- they were very strong objectively, but they declined sequentially from Q1 to Q2 even as revenue grow and then I know you dont guide gross margins for next quarter, but if I sort of like squint at the math, they seem to be being guided down probably a little more than revenues. Im just wondering if something is going on, whether on the cost line or on the pricing line in this environment that may be influencing gross margins at all?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. Stacy, Im happy to address that. So first, as you pointed out, our gross margin in second quarter was about 70%. We are pleased with that performance. The fall through on a year-on-year basis was almost 90%. I would also point out that you can see this on our cash flow statement, depreciation increase sequentially by about $30 million and thats a direct result of the investments in manufacturing capacity. On your second part of your question on a go-forward basis, as expected, depreciation is going to increase. Weve talked about that in the February call. To help you, Ill tell you that for 2022 expect depreciation to be about $1 billion for the full year. Do you have a follow up?
Stacy Rasgon: I do. Thank you. It sounds like you had a surge in demand at the end of Q2, as everything opened up. So I guess thats leading into Q3. Im just wondering if the shape of the revenue the linearity through Q3 kind of looks the reverse of what we saw in Q2, we had a weak start and a strong finish in Q2, do you think we have like a strong start and then maybe a weaker finish into Q3, just given that, I guess, the demand surge that weve got going into it?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. Stacy, this last quarter, obviously, was unusual in it because of the COVID restrictions that we had talked about, right? So those shipments were scheduled earlier in the quarter. So really were reflective of the restrictions lifting and our ability to and customers ability to be able to receive that product. So you have that noise going into it. But as we said, in the prepared remarks that we did see weakness in the personal electronics market and that weakness is comprehended in the guidance in third quarter. So, thank you, Stacy. Well go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Well take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. First one, I think, you mentioned, Q3 is below seasonal, because of pressure on the consumer. Im curious, what about the other segments, automotive, industrial, comm. equipment, enterprise and so forth? Do you see their demand is seasonal or different than that?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Vivek, I would say that as you know, we dont forecast the out quarter by market, with the exception when theres something significant thats an outlier and hence thats why were highlighting personal electronics. So I would just leave it at that. Thats where were seeing really most of the weakness. Do you have follow-on?
Vivek Arya: And my fellow -- yes. Thank you, Dave. So my follow-up is actually on free cash flow. If I go back to calendar 2020, TIs free cash flow was 38% of sales, last year it was 34%. Now on a trailing 12-month basis, its just 30%. And then youre guiding down Q2 through below seasonal and Q4 and Q1 are tend to be below that also and then you mentioned that youre committed to your CapEx plans. So is this a fair representation of how you think about free cash flow margins that we should just expect free cash flow margins to be at the lower end of the target range for the near- to medium-term?
Rafael Lizardi: Ill take that question to a few angles, first, tactically second quarter, as we pointed out was, the revenue came in late in the quarter or a disproportionate amount of the revenue came in late. So that means that a lot of the cash was stuck in accounts receivable, as I talked about in the prepared remarks. So thats going to distort some of your trends from cash -- from a cash flow standpoint a little bit. Beyond that big picture, we are very excited about these investments in manufacturing and technology. Theyre going to continue to position us well for the long-term, given us the manufacturing platform that is needed to support revenue growth and that will have CapEx increase, as we have talked about in February. In fact, at that time, we talked about for the next four years, from 2020 to 2025 and average CapEx, thats an average of $3.5 billion per year. For this year, it looks like were going to be coming in at about $2.5 billion, about as expected it could come in a little higher than that. And then, obviously, since the average is $3.5 billion, you would expect the subsequent years to then come in higher than that number.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Vivek. Well go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Well take our next question from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. I wanted to ask about the supply side of the equation, you have a bunch of new facilities that are coming online. You talked about breaking ground in Sherman. But before that you have RFAB2 and then you have LFAB. So can you just talk to us about when does that capacity come online where it can be a tailwind to revenue and how should we think about the depreciation from those rolling in -- acknowledging, of course, that Rafael, you just told us were going to have $1 billion for depreciation for this year as a whole?
Rafael Lizardi: Correct. Correct. So, first, as I talked about earlier, were very excited about these investments, RFAB2 and LFAB. Were going to have RFAB2 sometime in the second half of this year supporting production and LFAB early 2023. And then we -- on Sherman, we just broke ground on that a couple of months ago and we expect Sherman facility, the first factory there support revenue in 2025. So thats you want to think about it. From a depreciation standpoint, I just gave you the $1 billion for this year. Beyond that and I had already given you in February, to expect about $2.5 billion of depreciation by 2025 and then from $1 billion to $2.5 billion, you can roughly approximate that linearly between the end of 2022 to 2025 together tomorrow how the appreciation will likely come in.
Dave Pahl: Do you have follow-on Ross?
Ross Seymore: Yeah. Thanks for that color. I guess the final topical side, the Chips Act in the equivalent thereof in Europe. All the numbers you just gave, I assume are exclusive of those government policies? How should we think about TI taking advantage of those policies or not and maybe lowering some of those impacts financially on your company?
Rafael Lizardi: So correct. The numbers that we have given you over the last six months or prior did not include any benefit from any of those bills. On the Chips Act specifically, is great to see strong bipartisan support of U.S. semiconductor manufacturing that will boost domestic chip production and improve the industrys ability to remain competitive. This provision will be meaningful and support our manufacturing roadmap. That bill hasnt passed yet. So as it -- when it passes, well be analyzing that and as we have said, the benefit that well get from that and we should be a beneficiary from both of the grant portion and the investment tax rate portion, but as we have said that in more detail we will provide you benefit -- updates as appropriate.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you, Ross. We will go to next caller.
Operator: Well take our next question from Joe Moore, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I guess going back to the guidance that you had given in April when you talked about kind of maybe demand to support $5 billion in Q2 and then but you were taking it down to $4 billion or $5 billion, because of China lockdown. Can you just give us some sense of how much of that $500 million? Did you end up capturing how much of this upside reflects upside in other regions? Just put this in the context of that original adjustment?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. I would say, as we said in the prepared remarks, Joe that customers were generally pulling with their original demand forecasts, right? So meaning that as we looked at what was going on, we started the quarter, were tracking lower. But as we talked about last quarter, customers werent canceling orders. They werent rescheduling. They still wanted to have that product. So thats really what made up the majority of that, where we came in for the quarter. Does that help?
Joe Moore: Yeah. That does. And then if you could just characterize your customers kind of mentalities around inventories at this point. Obviously, weve been dealing with hotspots and tight conditions for a while, do you feel like your customers in industrial, automotive markets are looking to build buffer stock inventory, so that this is tempered? Again, just kind of how are people thinking about that?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. I think many have reported and we can see in the filings that our customers have had, that theres clear signs of inventory being built over the last several quarters. And there is discussions on how much inventory do they hold more permanently and those types of things. Well see how that behavior changes over time. I think theres some places where that probably will stick and probably some places where it wont. But I think the most important thing when we look at it, because we wont manage our customers inventory, but we can manage what we do. And weve long believed that owning and controlling our inventory is really a strategic advantage. So youve seen us take those actions over time. We finished the quarter with just a little over $2 billion of inventory. So whenever things do weakened, well take that time to replenish inventories that will keep lead times stable and low. And those are the best things that we can control and what well do as we move through the next few quarters. So thank you, Joe. Well go to next caller, please.
Operator: Well take our next question from Chris Danley with Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Danley: Hey. Thanks, guys. So, with the weakness in PE, but also the strength in auto and industrial, are you or can you take some of that capacity from the weaker parts and allocate it towards the stronger parts and if so, how long does that take?
Rafael Lizardi: We -- of course, we do that constantly. At the highest level? Yes. We, the capacity is relatively fungible. Theres always some nooks and crannies that are a little different for each technology or each particular part. So but at the highest level, yes. We are -- we have been adjusting our capacity over the last two months the things Ive been tied to deploy that to the best uses and support our long-term strategic roadmap.
Dave Pahl: Do you have follow-up, Chris.
Chris Danley: And for -- yes, for my follow up, sort of going along with that line of questioning. You guys have talked about shortages and extended lead times all year. Are we seeing any improvement or do you anticipate any improvement there before the end of the year?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Ill comment and Rafael if you want to jump in, please do. Our lead times havent changed much from last quarter. I think as we look in the out quarters, it really depends on how demand begins to shape up. We will have capacity coming online as weve talked about, but in any given quarter, sequentially, thats not going to make a huge difference. But we lap a year or several quarters and it really will make significant difference in the capacity that weve got available.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. And I agree, its all about increasing our supply. Thats what we can control, right? So well be increasing that with RFAB2 coming online soon. LFAB shortly after that and then in 2025, the first of the four factories in Sherman, so that will increase our ability to supply the market. And by the way, as you can see, just -- we just put out $5.2 billion of revenue and grew inventory again, for I believe, the fourth consecutive quarter. So that gives you also a sense of the increased ability that were developing to supply the market.
Dave Pahl: Thats right.
Rafael Lizardi: Thats a good point.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Chris. Now well go to the next caller, please.
Chris Danley: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Well take our next question from Toshiya Hari. Please go -- with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Hi. Thanks so much. I had to as well. First, on your pricing strategy going forward, just curious with RFAB2 ramping and LFAB ramping over the next 12 months to 18 months and your peers much more supply constrained than you are and theyre all sort of facing inflationary pressures from their foundry partners. Is there an opportunity for you to be a little bit more aggressive than then historical trends and for you to pursue market share or would you look to follow suit and raise pricing along with your peers going forward?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Yeah. Toshiya, thanks for that question. I would say, as youve seen us behave in the past, our approach to pricing hasnt changed. These pricing decisions are made at the product line level. Weve got about 65 different product lines. Theyre close to customers, close to the market, understand what their peers in the industry are doing. So, and to your point, many of our peers in the market that are outsourced, they do have to take action, when they see pricing increases from their suppliers. So I think that just emphasizes the competitive advantage we have in manufacturing and technology, and continues to highlight that, part of the reason why were continuing to invest to strengthen that competitive advantage. Do you have follow-on?
Toshiya Hari: I do. Thanks, Dave. So on OpEx, I think, over the past four months, your OpEx budget is barely up, I think, its up 1% -- 1% plus in whats been a very inflationary environment. Just curious what the offsets have been over the past four months and how should we think about sustainability in your model, OpEx being up kind of low singles, while revenue growing strong double digits? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. No. Happy to address that. We are pleased with how were allocating our investments to R&D and SG&A to the best opportunities and that is primarily industrial and automotive. As we have talked about also initiatives, such as Ti.com that ultimately strengthen our competitive advantages and maximize our ability to grow free cash flow per share over the long-term. On the last part of your question, on an absolute basis, I would expect to increase investments over the next several years as we continue to see strong market opportunities.
Dave Pahl: Thank you.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Dave Pahl: We will go to next caller, please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon, guys. Thank you for taking my question. On unfinished goods inventory, which is where your direct customer consignment inventory is resides. They are still 30% below pre-pandemic levels. Theyre down 3% versus last year. They are down slightly sequentially. Is it fair to assume that this is a reflection that your direct customers continue to pull at a very strong rate just given their demand profiles and can you guys get to your target inventory days exiting this year especially with RFAB2 ramping?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. What I would tell you, the given our manufacturing process, the process at web, then they go to kits, then they go to finish good. Overall inventory has been greatly pointed out over the last four quarters, this last quarter $140 million. Harlan, as you said, finished goods is still lean. Our goal is for inventory to continue to grow. We have talked about a target of $130 to 190 days and as I have said before, I will not be uncomfortable to be at the high end of that range, because ultimately that inventory gives us just tremendous optionality, puts us in a really good position to support customers and just given our business model, they lessens risk on the inventory is nil, because that inventory goes to support products that sell to many, many customers and have very long lives. So we feel comfortable increasing inventory for that reason.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. And let me just add that, Harlan, part of your question was, is that a reflection of direct customers and just remind that we have 70% reductions last year, around 70% of our revenues direct, that includes
Harlan Sur: Right.
Dave Pahl:  revenue going through TI.com, which we still believe is going to be a significant strategic asset for us as we move forward. And what goes through distribution to my prior combat, we long believed that owning and controlling that inventory is important. Were probably running two weeks or less than that inside of that. So, when we ship revenue, because were owning and controlling that inventory, it really is reflective of what customers want inside of that quarter. So you have a follow on?
Harlan Sur: Yeah. Thanks for the insights there. So I know its shipped to location, but wanting to know what the year-over-year profiles look like for the different geographies? Thanks.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. So inside of the quarter compared with a year ago, all the regions were up. Thats the year-on-year and sequentially they were all up as well. So we did see those trends in both year-on-year and sequentially. So, thank you, Harlan, well go to the next caller, please.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from C.J. Muse with Evercore. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yeah. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question, revisiting an earlier question around the $560 million revenue beat versus the midpoint of your guide for June and the $500 million haircut that you took when you initially guided? So Im curious, given that you started to see recovery in May? Is it safe to say that maybe you went above and beyond kind of the run rate, and therefore, you recaptured all of that $500 million or was it just a portion of that? And then as part of that, where do you see upside relative to where you guided before, was that isolated to industrial or auto or any particular end market?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. C.J. can you help me with the first part of your question? Im not sure I quite got it. Could you just ask it
C.J. Muse: So if I look at the midpoint of your guidance versus what you actually did, it was about $560 million better and in your initial guidance
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Yeah.
C.J. Muse:  you told us a $500 million China uncertainty haircut. So really trying to understand, how that $560 million came in better? Was it all China or were there other drivers within that?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. I would say that, as we talked about, right, that the haircut was, so to speak, using that that term was primarily due to the COVID restrictions. So, yeah, that -- as they loosened up, again, customers were pulling to those original forecasts, so we really didnt see anything different than what we would have expected at the beginning of the quarter, with the exception of the weakness that we talked about inside of personal electronics. Do you have follow on.
C.J. Muse: Yeah. Please. On the depreciation guide for the year, roughly up 35% half-on-half and considering for RFAB2, youre going to start to depreciate the equipment when you actually qualify the wafers and begin revenuing, is that kind of a ballpark kind of estimate? And maybe it comes in more like $925 million, $950 million or just trying to understand the moving parts there given that its qualification of wafers -- revenue of wafers, which sounds like its really going to be later Q4 that really starts?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. It is an estimate and it could come in on a little lower or a little higher. But right now, I would say, $1 billion is a fair estimate. And as I said earlier, just to go beyond that, you can think about it roughly linear from that point in 2022 to $2.5 billion of depreciation in 2025 and then you can easily get the -- a good model for 2023 and 2024.
C.J. Muse: Thank you, Rafael.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, C.J. And weve got time for one more caller, please.
Operator: Well take our last question from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Securities. Please go ahead.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you very much. David I had a question. David and Rafael, I had a question on pricing. Industry pricing has been up high single-digit, low double, last couple of quarters. Did the second quarter see a similar benefit from pricing, Dave? I know last quarter you had acknowledged that you did see the benefit from pricing. So I was wondering, what was the impact and do you expect that to continue over the next couple of quarters?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. We did see a benefit in second quarter, Ambrish. And again, our pricing practices havent changed. So, well continue to price aggressively. And to ensure that were gaining share and so no changes from that standpoint. So well just see what happens in the marketplace.
Ambrish Srivastava: Dave, just a sorry, just a clarification. As imperfect, the SIA data is, is it the reasonable proxy to use to ascertain what pricing advantage TI got from whatever the SIA data spits up?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Yeah. So were just cautious to give a specific number as we look at it. Weve got -- if you just took units and divided by revenue that would give you an average price, which is what SIA is doing. Weve got our customers that are buying through TI.com. Theyre enjoying the convenience of having product thats immediately available and in some regions were doing shipments more than once a day to the docks of those customers. So theres a convenience that theyre enjoying. They pay a higher price for that. But so youve got that mixing in. So theres other factors besides that, theres mixing the types of products that we ship. We have products that we sell for a couple of pennies and products that we ship sell for thousands of dollars each and depending on either end of that spectrum, it can move your ASP or your average selling price around. So, but that said, in an environment like weve seen over the last several quarters, just in price increases that customers for like-on-like product that we have seen that that benefit as well. I am sorry I cant give any specific. Do you have a follow up or that makes it fine.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thanks, Ambrish.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thanks.
Dave Pahl: So let me wrap up by reiterating what we have said previously. At our core, were engineers and technology is the foundation of our company. But ultimately, our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate long-term value for owners is the growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objective, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world thats ever changing. And we will be a company that were personally proud to be a part of and would want us our neighbors. When were successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners all benefit. Thank you and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 13:45:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments First Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dave Pahl. Please, go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi, is with me today, and we'll provide the following updates. First, I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter. Next, I'll provide insight into first quarter revenue results with some details of what we're seeing with respect to our customers and markets. And lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results and our guidance for second quarter, including the impact from COVID-19 restrictions in China. Starting with a quick overview of first quarter. Revenue in the quarter was $4.9 billion, an increase of 2% sequentially and 14% year-over-year, driven by growth in industrial and automotive, as well as enterprise systems. Analog revenue grew 16%, Embedded Processing grew 2%, and our Other segment grew 27% from the year ago quarter. Now, let me comment on the environment in the first quarter to provide some context on what we saw with our customers and markets. Overall, the quarter came in about as we expected across product segments, end markets and geographies. The market environment in the first quarter was similar to what we've observed for the last several quarters. Customers continued to be selective in their expedite requests, focusing on products that completed a matched set, rather than expediting products across the board. This behavior was not specific to any product family, end market or geography. Moving on, I'll provide some insight into our first quarter revenue by end market from the year ago quarter. First, the industrial and automotive markets were each up about 20% and both were driven by broad-based growth across sectors. Personal electronics was down mid-single digits off a strong compare. And next, communications equipment was up about 10%. And finally, Enterprise Systems was up about 35% off of a weak compare, and the growth was primarily from data centers and enterprise computing. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook. Rafael?
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave mentioned, first quarter revenue was $4.9 billion, up 14% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $3.4 billion or 70% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit margin increased 500 basis points. As a reminder, we had about $50 million of additional utility expenses in cost of revenue related to the winter storm in the year ago quarter. Operating expenses in the quarter were $830 million, about flat from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were $3.2 billion or 17% of revenue. Restructuring charges were $66 million in the first quarter and are associated with the LFAB purchase we closed in October of last year. Operating profit was $2.6 billion in the quarter or 52% of revenue. Operating profit was up 32% from the year ago quarter. Net income in the first quarter was $2.2 billion or $2.35 per share, which included a $0.02 benefit that was not in our prior outlook. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations were $2.1 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $443 million in the quarter and $2.6 billion over the last 12 months. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $6.5 billion. In the quarter, we paid $1.1 billion in dividends and repurchased $589 million of our stock. In total, we have returned $5 billion in the past 12 months. Over the same period, our dividend represented 62% of free cash flow. Our balance sheet remains strong with $9.8 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the first quarter. Total debt outstanding was $7.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.6%. Inventory dollars were up $150 million from the prior quarter to $2.1 billion and days were 127, up 11 days sequentially but still below the higher levels. For the second quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $4.2 billion to $4.8 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.84 to $2.26. This outlook comprehends an impact due to reduced demand from COVID-19 restrictions in China, which are affecting our customers' manufacturing operations. We continue to expect our annual operating tax rate for 2022 to be about 14% and our effective tax rate to be about a point lower. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, a broad product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks Rafael. Operator, you can now open up the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible the opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We're going to take our first question from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys, thanks for taking my questions. First of all, I was wondering if you had any feeling for the size of the gap in revenue that's getting impacted by the COVID issues in China. Do you have any view for like what demand would be if you could ship? And like are the customers like getting out of line at all? Is the overall demand and order environment like kind of where it was, you just can't ship. But any color you can give on the size of that gap would be helpful. .
Dave Pahl: Yes, Stacy, I'll comment on that. Our assessment in early April indicated that revenue would continue to incrementally grow again in the second quarter. However, it just became clear that we were experiencing lower demand, particularly due to COVID-19 restrictions in China. And just to be clear, customers' behavior wasn't changing as it related to backlog or cancellations. In fact, we continue to see expedites for deliveries. However, we did see that our customers' manufacturing operations were being impacted. So as a result, the approach that we took, we just took a tops-down assessment and just reduced the midpoint of second quarter by 10%, and so from roughly $5 billion at the midpoint to the $4.5 billion that you see. And the second thing we did was we slightly widened the range just to comprehend the higher uncertainty that we're seeing overall. Do you have a follow-up, Stacy?
Stacy Rasgon: I do. Thank you. And that's helpful. Just wondering if the fact that you guys have most internal manufacturing and you're trying to go most direct. Does that imply that I mean you have to ship more direct to your customers in China? Do you think that these kinds of issues would impact you more than the broader industry, or do you think this is something that everybody is going to have to be dealing with to the same degree?
Rafael Lizardi: Stacy, our sense this is primarily due to issues with our operations that our customers factories. And it is not related to shipping direct or to distribution or anything of that sort.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Stacy. And well go to next caller please.
Operator: Absolutely. We'll take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. The first one also related to China. Do you think this is something you can recover? Is this demand destruction or is this something you can recover? And then along those lines, how would you characterize demand excluding your China customers where there were no other of these kind of restrictions in place?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Vivek, again, the approach that we took was really just a top down 10% assessment of what the impact would be. So I wouldn't look at that as any precision in choosing that number. Part of the reason why we widened the guidance, I think trying to get into predictions of what could happen as the quarter unfolds. I think time will tell, and we'll see how that unfolds, and we'll report that when the quarter is over. So that's really the approach that we took at trying to assess what was going on. Do you have a follow-on?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thanks Dave. So how are you managing your fab utilization and your inventory? It seems like you're implying gross margins down a few hundred basis points sequentially. So just curious how you're managing fab utilization? Because I thought I heard Rafael say that you are still below your target inventory level. So do you continue to plan and build more inventory during the quarter?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. So a couple of things in that question. Let me try to address most of them. We, our factories are running at high levels of utilization as they have been over the last couple of years really. We've continue -- in fact, we continue adding incremental capacity, as we have said we would. And the next step beyond incremental will be one RFAB2 starts production in the second half of the year and then LFAB in the first quarter of next year of 2023, well, the thing that we're breaking ground later this year for the Sherman factory.  So, we're going to continue running our production high. We are going to build inventory, inventory did build about $150 million in this last quarter we just reported, but we're still below desired level. So, our intent is to continue building that inventory that is -- our objective inventory, as you know, is to maintain high levels of customer service and roughly our target is 130 to 190 days, but we want to be at the high end of that, and we would not be uncomfortable even above the high end of that range.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Vivek, and we'll go to the next call.
Operator: Thank you. Well hear next from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I guess the China side is weak and I guess 10% is as good a number as anyone could come up with. But to the extent there are shortages across the industry and demand elsewhere, it doesn't sound like it's changed from part of your preamble, Dave. Why wouldn't this allow a little bit of the fungibility of your standard product shipments to just increase to those customers and shortages to make up for the shortfall that you're otherwise going to see in China?
Rafael Lizardi: So yes, no, that's a fair question, and that's already embedded in our process to the extent that, that is doable. We are  our process allow for that redirecting of inventory. But keep in mind, we're talking about 100,000 different parts -- 100,000 different customers, 80,000 different parts, so it never quite fits in a perfect situation where the access in one place can go to the other players in Italy, right? And then the other thing I would tell you, just like Dave stressed a couple of times, this is a tub-down estimate assessment on that adjustment, its not meant to imply precision.
Dave Pahl: And maybe I will just add to that too, Ross. The behavior that we've talked about now for a couple of quarters that we've been seeing as customers being more focused on match sets and that can be symptomatic of growing customer inventory that's out of mix. So even though, we might have some parts that are available in one region, customers may not need them in the other. So, you've got multiple dynamics at work there. Do you have a follow-on?
Ross Seymore: I do. Since kind of we collectively have given you guys some grief over the last couple of years for not really buying back any stock, despite your 100% cash return goals. This quarter, you did, and it seems like you got pretty darn close back to that 100% return. What changed?
Rafael Lizardi: So Ross, you've known us for a long time and you know how we think about cash return, but just for everybody else, we talked about this in capital management every quarter, our objective when it comes to cash returns to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. We do that through dividends and repurchases. And we've been really consistent in how we do that and we have a really good track record. So we have done that and are committed to continuing to do that.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Ross. Well go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And well hear next from Chris Danley with Citi.
Chris Danley: Hey, thanks guys. So given all these COVID issues in China and shutdowns, but then no change in the rest of the world. Do you expect the shortage situation at TI and in Semis to get better or worse from this, or do you think it will be no change.
Dave Pahl: Yes. I'll take a first shot, and Rafael, if you want to add in. I -- we're not trying to predict the cycle or call even the out quarters of what's going on. I think, what we'll continue to do and how -- just how we approach things independent of cycles is just staying focused on building the company stronger for the long term. And that includes things like adding in the new manufacturing capacity that we have, investing in R&D, investing in new capabilities. So those are the things that we can control -- and that's what we'll stay focused on. Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Chris Danley: Yes. So if we take the COVID issues in China outside, how would -- any sort of end market commentary you would make, anything a little better or worse than your expectations, either during the quarter or going forward?
Dave Pahl: Yes. The quarter came in, I'd say about what we expected. We were just slightly above the top end of our range overall. The quarter was driven by the industrial and automotive markets. We did see a strong growth in enterprise systems, as we had talked about. That was primarily from data center and enterprise computing. Now, that's a small part of our revenue, but you saw it grow strongly last quarter. And as you look over the coming years, that probably will continue to be a strong grower, but it's just not a very large portion of our revenue. So we continue to be pleased with the growth that we're seeing in industrial and automotive. That -- when you zoom out for a second, that is where the strategic focus has been for the company. And so, we're pleased to see that turn in to grow longer term. So, thank you, Chris, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll hear next from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could address first in terms of -- you said you're still seeing strong expedite activity. Are the constraints that you guys are still seeing coming from your internal fab capacity from foundry back end? Can you just kind of give us an idea where the bottlenecks are?
Rafael Lizardi: So I'll start. First, I want to maybe adjust what your premise a little bit. We are still seeing some experts. But as Dave mentioned a couple of times, customers continue to be selective in how they're expedited. So they're continuing to focus on the match set, okay? So it's not just expedite across the board. Second, specifically on what you said on the second part of your question, what we're seeing is primarily based on the how our customers' manufacturing and operation is -- are being affected in China.
Dave Pahl: And we're able to meet many of those expedite requests as well. So I think your question more, Joe, is where we do have constraints, whats driving those. And that's not specific to any product or any particular area. It can move from one quarter to the other. It may be a process technology. It could be a packaging technology, other things that may drive it, that our teams work with customers on to meet those needs. Do you have a follow-on?
Joe Moore: Yes. I also was curious about pricing to the extent that your competition has kind of passed along foundry price increases and has raised prices. How have you guys reacted to that? And do you have -- can you give us any sense for what your pricing has done on a like-for-like basis?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So, a couple of things. First, on the input cost side of veins, part of our -- one of our competitive advantages is manufacturing and technology, we own the vast majority of our manufacturing. In fact, on the front end, over 80%, and our goal is to grow that to 90% over the coming years. So, that puts us in a really good situation to not be beholden to the mercy of what those foundries or subcons do in terms of pricing, right? So, we have a much better way to handle those input costs. So, that's on the input cost side of things. On the pricing in general, we are pricing with our customers. Our process on that has not changed. Our process is to price to market. And as prices have moved up over the last two or three quarters, and that certainly did happen in first quarter, we have moved our prices as well, and growth in first quarter did benefit from the pricing tailwind.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Joe. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: I just wanted to push on this 10% that you talked about the haircut for June. If the lockdown seem like they're already getting a little bit better, they're seeming to kind of loosen up a little bit. So I guess the question is, does the 10% assume that the situation persists through the month of June -- or if it gets better between now and June, will that 10% prove to be conservative? And then I had a follow-up as well.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. And I know maybe it's on site is fine, but I'll just repeat what we said before. This is a top-level assessment. That doesnt meant to imply precision -- in fact, just like as we said earlier, we even widened the range to reflect that higher uncertainty. So, time will tell. And when we report 90 days from now, we'll see what things land.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Maybe it's my -- yes, thanks Dave. So, I guess my second question is, this is a question that Ross asked before. But if customers are so tight and if the lockdowns are certainly going to be transitory, I would think it seems like customers would just take the product and they would put it into inventory. So, obviously, during the past three weeks, you opted to take this big cut to guidance. But is that because they're pushing out shipments -- or is it because they just can't accept shipment of your product? I mean it seems like it has to be the latter versus them pushing out shipments or not pulling from consignment because everything is tight and the whole chain is trying to build inventory. Thanks.
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yes. And Tim, I think we've talked about now for a couple of quarters that we've observed behavior where customers' behavior really shifted to focusing on those match sets. And as we've talked about, that can be symptomatic of growing customer inventory that's just not a mix, right? So -- and with that, we've got tens of thousands of products that are immediately available on ti.com. So, they can get more product if they wanted and if they're indiscriminate of the types of products that they need. But increasingly, they're trying to find those match sets to complete those bills. Whether that's our product. In some cases, a lot of times, it's our peers products in the industry, and sometimes it's maybe not even a semiconductor product that that they need to complete their system to get it out the door. So yeah, so just to say just because you have a product sitting there, customers just indiscriminately aren't taking product overall.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me just add to that. And Tim, if I understood your question correctly, if you're asking tactically of whether the customers -- where is the bottleneck for the customers in China not being able to run their operations. We're seeing cases where factories are shutdown, and they just will not accept -- they cannot accept deliveries. In other cases, the freight forwarders will not take our parts from our distribution centers to ship them to the factories in China, particular in the Shanghai area because those are shutdown. So tactically, that is what's keeping the primary reason but we took this adjustment because that's keeping our parts from being delivered to
Dave Pahl: Or you run staff or other reasons are going on that's reducing that demand. Okay. Thank you, Tim. Well go to the next caller please.
Operator: And so we'll take our next question from William Stein with Truist Securities.
William Stein: Great. Thanks. The last question is very similar to mine. And I just want to ask it maybe a little bit more of a detailed fashion. When we talk about the disruptions in China, are you -- maybe you can just provide a bit more detail. Are you not shipping to the region as a whole, or are you taking this on a customer-by-customer basis in terms of what you're choosing to -- in terms of what you're able to ship? And then the follow-up is related to that, we've heard at least one large automotive OEM talk about having opened up their facility recently and ramping with a vengeance. And I wonder if you see this among customers more broadly, or is that an exception? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. So I'll give you my take. It is case by case. There's at least just a report, dozens if not hundreds of factories that are shutdown, but there are other hundreds that are operating at different levels, right -- some -- and some cities are affected more than others. Obviously, Shanghai, we've all read in the news what's going on there and factories in that area affected more. But there are restrictions beyond Shanghai. But it's case by case. Their factor is operating at zero, like complete shutdown, there are others operate at 20%, 50% and so forth. Do you have a follow-on?
William Stein: Perhaps you can talk about changes in delivery patterns by channel; in particular, I'd be curious if you saw any slowdown in orders at ti.com, which I think is somewhat of a different channel from your typical direct business? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. I would say that in the quarter, as we described the environment in first quarter, we would describe it as similar to what we've seen over the last couple of quarters. And just order rates and cancellation -- order rates remain strong, cancellations, reschedules and those things that customer behavior is consistent. Those things are low and consistent with what we've seen over the last couple of quarters, and that's across those different channels and inputs.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. The other thing I would add is, as we have seen in other cases during the entire pandemic, but being able to ship direct and have the direct relationship with customers, it's just a huge advantage, especially when you face these type of challenges just not having an intermediary that, kind of, frankly, most of the time gets in the way, and it's not optimal for your relationship with the customer, but also there's the tactical operational delivery of products. So whether it's ti.com or non-ti.com legacy shipments are going direct, it's a huge benefit, being able to do that, now close to 70% of our revenues directly.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Will. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Hey. Thanks for filling me in. I want to ask you on the CapEx plans, you're pretty clear about your plans of the capital allocation today. I guess, the spend in March is a little bit kind of flat at that kind of base level, you are fairly high. I guess, you were talking about adding capacity in the second half. So maybe refresh us if you're still going to spend kind of $3.5 billion and if the capacity is still coming in line in the second half?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So a couple of angles on your question. First, no changes to our plans. These are long-term plans. So our -- in terms of CapEx. So our $2.5 billion per year for the next four years that is intact. We're very excited about those. I'm very excited about those. We are -- RFAB2 will ramp production in the second half of this year. Lehi will qualify and ramp production in the first quarter of next year. In just a matter of weeks or a month or so, we're going to break ground in Sherman. So that's all very exciting and that is not changing. Maybe the first part of your question, on the CapEx, short term, just keep in mind that the fourth quarter CapEx had the Lehi numbers there. So that's why that number was higher and now you're seeing that number come down in first quarter. That's just, you had about $800 million -- close to $900 million worth of CapEx. But our plans, the $2.5 billion run rate per year for 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, of course, that's just an average. But that is still -- that is in place, and we're very excited about that.
Dave Pahl: Yes. That's just math. Blayne, do you have a follow-up?
Blayne Curtis: Yes. Well, I guess, 400 times 4 is not 3.5%. That was, I guess, the question, but I guess you're still sticking to that forecast and as you go up.
Rafael Lizardi: Well, just remember, just an average, the $3.5 billion is an average. So it's not going to be every year, $2.5 billion. We'll likely run below -- very likely run below 2.5 in 2022, which, of course, means we'll run higher in the next three years. That's just the math on that, right?
Blayne Curtis: Right. And then, I guess, just for the guide, I want to make sure I understand the mechanics. It sounds like utilization stays high. The mix has been kind of industrial and auto, that all favorable on gross margin, you did hit 70%. I think, a lot of companies have signaled that maybe gross margins would tail off through the rest of the year as kind of pricing comes down. Im kind of curious of your perspective on, kind of, gross margins at this level being sustainable for the rest of the year.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Our focus is not on managing gross margins. Our focus has been and will continue to be on growing free cash flow per share for the long term. So gross margin will be what it will be, but we'll continue to make our investments on CapEx to support our revenue plans and generate long-term growth of free cash flow.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Blayne. And we've got time for one more caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you, Rafael, Dave. I had a question on -- I just wanted to make sure I understood this. From a top down, I got that perspective. But -- then Dave, I thought, I heard you mention that cancellations have not changed. Why shouldn't cancellation change if you're taking your numbers down by 10%, should that lead to cancellations changing versus what they have been in the last couple of quarters?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So just to explain that. Customers that where their operations are being impacted, they would still like that product. And so they are not canceling those orders, they'd still like to be in line and get that product as soon as they can take it. So that's what they're communicating to us from that. So that's why we're not -- that's not showing up as a cancellation though we are seeing the demand being impacted at this point.
Ambrish Srivastava: Got it. But that metric is usually for that one quarter or -- and I should know this answer, but I don't that metric is usually for the quarter that you provide us or is for more than -- is it for longer than a quarter?
Dave Pahl: Well, yeah, the cancellations, as we look at them, are the cancellations that we would receive in a quarter it could, of course, be for demand that might be outside of either in the current quarter or even a longer period of time, if a cancellation comes in, right? A customer could say they want to cancel an order for next week and also for six months out as well. So -- but if they canceled it, we record it as a cancellation in the quarter that we received the cancellation, so.
Ambrish Srivastava: Got it.
Dave Pahl: Well, with that, we'll go ahead and wrap up, Rafael?
Rafael Lizardi: Okay. So let me wrap up by reiterating what we have said previously at our core, we're engineers and technology is the foundation of our company. But ultimately, our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate long-term value for owners is the growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objective, we'll continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing. And we will be a company that we're personally proud to be a part of and would want as our neighbor. When we're successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners all benefit. Thank you, and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. We do thank you all for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-25 16:15:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Good afternoon. And thank you for joining our fourth quarter and 2021 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. First, let me provide some information that's important for your calendars. We plan to hold a call for our capital management update on February 3rd at 10 AM Central Time. Similar to what we've done in the past, Rafael and I will summarize our progress and provide some insight into our business and our approach to capital allocation. For today's call, let me summarize what Rafael and I will be reviewing. I'll start with fourth quarter revenue results, including some details of what we're seeing with respect to our customers and markets. I'll then provide the annual summary of revenue breakout by end markets. And lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results, some insights into one-time items and our guidance for first quarter 2022. Starting with fourth quarter results and the market environment. The company's revenue grew 19% year-over-year, driven by strong demand in the industrial and automotive markets. Analog revenue grew 20% year-over-year, and embedded processing grew 6%, our other segment grew 35% from the year-ago quarter. Let me now comment on the current environment to provide some context of what we're seeing with our customers and markets. Overall, the quarter came in stronger than we expected. The strength was across most product families, end markets and geographies. The market environment is similar to what we reported 90 days ago. Lead times for the majority of our products remained stable, but hotspots continue to exist. However, customers continue to be selective in their expedite requests, increasingly focusing on products that complete a matched set rather than expediting products across the board. This behavior is not specific to any product family, end market or geography. Discussions with customers confirm a high level of interest in our commitment to expanding our internal manufacturing capacity road map, including 300-millimeter wafer fabs; RFAB2 and LFAB; our recently announced plans for a multi-fab site in Sherman, Texas; and the associated assembly test expansions. These investments, to strengthen our manufacturing and technology competitive advantage, will provide lower cost and greater control of our supply chain. And while there is a growing recognition that the near-term supply/demand imbalance will end at some point, the secular growth of semiconductor content per system will continue to increase, and this requires a robust manufacturing capacity road map for 2025 and beyond. Moving on, I'll now provide some insight into our fourth quarter revenue by end market for the year-ago quarter. First, the industrial market was up about 40%, driven by broad-based strength across all sectors. The automotive market was up high single-digits with strength in most sectors. Personal electronics was down upper single-digits, off a strong compare from a year ago. Next, communications equipment was up about 25%. Finally, Enterprise Systems was up about 50% off a weak compare from a year ago, driven primarily by data center and enterprise computing. And lastly, as we do at the end of each calendar year, I'll describe our revenue by end market for 2021. We break our end markets into six categories that are grouped by their life cycles and market characteristics. The six end markets are: industrial; automotive; personal electronics, which includes products such as mobile phones, PCs, tablets and TVs; communications equipment; enterprise systems; and other, which is primarily calculators. As a percentage of revenue for the year, industrial was 41%; automotive, 21%; personal electronics, 24%; Communications Equipment, 6%; Enterprise Systems, 6%; and Other was 2%. In 2021, industrial and automotive combined made up 62% of TI's revenue, up about 5 percentage points from 2020 and up from 42% from 2013. We see good opportunities in all of our markets, but we place additional strategic emphasis on industrial and automotive. Our industrial and automotive customers promisingly turning to analog and embedded technology to make their end products smarter, safer, more connected and more efficient. These trends have resulted and will continue to result in growing chip content for application, which will drive faster growth compared to the other markets. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook. Rafael?
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $3.4 billion or 69% of revenue. From a year-ago, gross profit increased, primarily due to higher revenue. Gross profit margin increased 440 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $793 million, up 1% from a year-ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 18% of revenue. For the year, we have invested $1.6 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. We are pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D, which we believe will allow us to continue to grow our top line over the long-term. Restructuring charges were $54 million in the quarter. This expense is driven by the Lehi wafer fab purchase we closed in October. Operating profit was $2.5 billion or 52% of revenue. Operating profit was up 38% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the fourth quarter was $2.1 billion or $2.27 per share, which included a $0.04 cost that was not in our prior outlook, primarily due to the purchase I discussed earlier. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $2.4 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $1.3 billion in the quarter, which included about $900 million for the LFAB purchase. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $6.3 billion, up 15% from a year ago. In the quarter, we paid $1.1 billion in dividends. We have increased our dividend per share by 13%, marking our 18th year of dividend increases. For the year, our dividend represented 62% of free cash flow, underscoring its sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $9.7 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the fourth quarter. Total debt outstanding was $7.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.6%. Inventory days were 116, up 4 days sequentially and remained below these higher levels. Now let's look at some of these results for the year. In 2021, cash flow from operations was $8.8 billion. Capital expenditures were $2.5 billion or 13% of revenue. Free cash flow for 2021 was $6.3 billion or 34% of revenue. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we have said, we believe that growth of free cash flow per share is the primary driver of long-term value. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter. We expect TI revenue in the range of $4.5 billion to $4.9 billion and earnings per share in the range of $2.01 to $2.29. We expect our 2022 annual operating tax rate to continue to be above 14% and our effective tax rate about 1 percentage point lower than that. This is based on current tax law and would be about the same as we saw in 2021. Next, let me help you model our expectation for expenses for the LFAB purchase. As we have said, we expect to have about $75 million of cost per quarter until we start production, which is still expected in early 2023. These costs continue to be mostly reflected in the restructuring line on the P& L, so it will be visible each quarter to you and therefore, part of our operating profit results. Once the facility begins production, this cost will move and be primarily reflected in cost of revenue. As I close, let me explain why we're so excited about this capacity investments as they strengthen our manufacturing and technology competitive advantage. First, we have significant 300-millimeter capacity coming online with RFAB2 and LFAB in 2022 and 2023. Second, with the announcement of the Sherman Complex, we have a 300-millimeter road map to support growth from 2025 to 2035. Third, customers are excited that our capacity investments are in 45-nanometer to 130-nanometer process technologies that are optimized for analog and embedded and will support their growth in the decades ahead. It is clear that owning and controlling our manufacturing and technology will give us both lower cost and greater control of our supply chain. It is with this confidence, we look forward to sharing with you more details of our plans in our capital management call next week. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask a question, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Yeah, good afternoon guys. Congratulations on solid results. Dave and Rafael, last quarter was the first quarter you talked about customers being a little bit more selective about their ordering patterns. And that was somewhat reflected in upside in September, which was a little bit muted. You characterized Q4 as being the same, but the upside was a little bit stronger. I'm wondering if you could help me just square that circle as to what drove the magnitude of upside in the December quarter above that of September.
Dave Pahl: Yeah, John, I'll take that. Yeah, the upside that we saw in the fourth quarter was very, very broad-based. So as we described it, it was acrossed our product families, acrossed our end markets and geography. So it really wasn't one thing that was driving it and was very broad-based. So that was the difference that we saw between last quarter and this quarter. Do you have a follow-up?
John Pitzer: Yeah. Just as a follow-up, notwithstanding, the impressive growth you put up in your Analog business in calendar year 2021, if I comp that against the SIA, it's going to end up having been an unusual year for you guys, because you would have undergrown the industry by a fairly wide margin, at least versus history. And I'm wondering if you can help me understand, is that a function of peers being a bit more aggressive on pricing menu? Is it something that we shouldn't take to the trend, or how do you explain the difference there?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. I think whenever we look at the SIA data, regardless of which direction that is trending, and you'll know that I'll always be consistent that I say never look at one quarter, sometimes even one year on specifics. That really needs to be something that is looked at over time, especially we go through a period the last four, six quarters through COVID and the choppiness that's been going on, I'd just be real careful to get too precise on measuring things in this type of time period. So I think with our competitive advantages, with the investments that we're making, we're very confident that we're making progress in the markets that we're making those investments. And we really believe that we've made progress over this time period. Thank you, John. And well go to next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. Well hear next from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I'm curious, how would you characterize the demand environment? Would you call it early, mid or late cycle, or if I ask the question differently, do you think any of your end market is overheated right now in any way?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Vivek, I would say that the demand environment is similar to what we saw 90 days ago. So we had seen strength in orders, and our backlog continue to be strong, those types of things. The upside that we saw, of course, this quarter was very broad-based. And so that was difference here in the fourth quarter. I'd say that we did see the match-set behavior last quarter. And again, we did see it again this quarter. And that's where customers are really looking to complete that instead of expediting across the board. And you could describe that behavior as being symptomatic of growing customer inventory that's out of mix. But as we've talked about previously, we don't have direct visibility into customer inventory. So that's not something that we could measure over time. Do you have a follow-on, Vivek?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thank you, Dave. So the other question is now on the supply side. There is an investor concern that the semiconductor industry is over investing at a time when demand might be peaking. And I know you guys have made it clear that you invest for the longer-term. But how are you thinking about your current acceleration on the investment side? When does that translate into actual useful capacity? And what are you doing to make sure that you don't over invest, right, at least in the next couple of quarters?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Vivek, I'll go ahead and take that. As you alluded to at the beginning of the question, we think of the long-term when we make this decision. So this is not about 2021, 2022 or even 2023. This is over the long-term. And the secular trends in our industry, we're confident of where those are pointing and specifically, in our products, analog and embedded, and the end markets that -- where we put a strategic priority industrial automotive. So on the manufacturing investments that you alluded to, we're very excited about those. As I mentioned during the prepared remarks, they're going to strengthen our competitive advantage on manufacturing and technology. First, we're going to have significant 300-millimeter capacity coming online with RFAB2 and Lehi. That's going to happen actually this year and then going to next year with Lehi. Second, with the announcement of the Sherman Complex, we're going to have a road map that's going to support us out to 2035. And then finally, customers are very excited about our investments specifically in 45- to 130-nanometer process technologies that are optimized for Analog and Embedded and will support the customers' growth for decades ahead.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you, Vivek. And well go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll hear next from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Your days of inventory came in at 116. And as you pointed out, you're still below where you'd like to be. But to the extent you have visibility into customer inventory, how would you characterize where they are today? And where do you see them going, going forward?
Rafael Lizardi: Well, so I'll start, and I'll comment on our own inventories. And Dave, if you want to add to that. But yes, you pointed out is our inventory days are 116. That is higher by about four days from last quarter, but still well below where we want to be. And our goal is to be significantly higher than that. Our guidance on that is 130 to 190 days. Just know that that's a very tactical metric, because it's just based on one quarter. The bottom line is that we want to have more inventory. And in that measure, I would not be uncomfortable at the very high end or even above the high end of that measure at some point, 190 days of inventory.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And I think just I'll follow up with -- as I commented before, we just don't have direct visibility into customer inventory. So it's not something that we can measure directly. Yes, go on Toshiya 
Toshiya Hari: Yes, I do. Thank you. I wanted to ask about OpEx, a fairly mundane item, but you've done an incredible job in leveraging OpEx over the past couple of years, during which revenue has gone up significantly, particularly considering kind of the inflationary environment and the competition for talent. What's driving the flattish OpEx? And how should we think about potential upside to OpEx going forward, given the current backdrop? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So I'll take that. First, yes, we've been running OpEx at about $3.2 billion per year, a little lower, a little higher than that. But for the last five years, eventually, they've rounded. That number has rounded to that. OpEx, most of OpEx is an investment. That's how we think about it. Obviously, R&D continues to strengthen our -- the broadest portfolio in the industry that we have, both analog and embedded. But even inside of SG&A, there are several key pieces there that are key investments. Ti.com is one that comes to mind, and we'll talk more about Ti.com specifically at the capital management call next week. So OpEx fuels our future growth. We don't really think about it from a percent of revenue standpoint. But to help you with that, we have guided that over the long term should trend between 20% and 25%. Of course, we're -- right now, we're at about 18% or so. So that 3.2, I wouldn't expect it to change significantly in the short term. But over time, over many years, it should -- 20% to 25% is probably the right way to look at it.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Great. Thank you, Toshiya.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Well go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll hear next from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Congrats on the strong result and guide. I wanted to ask about the gross margin side of things. I know one quarter doesn't make a trend, but the incremental gross margin was way bigger in the fourth quarter than expected. And it seems like the first quarter has also guided for the gross margin to perhaps rise again sequentially. So whether it's a short term or kind of a longer-term description or answer, what are the big drivers of the upside that you're seeing in the near term? And how much of that do we expect to continue going into 2022 and beyond?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So a couple of angles on that question on gross margin. First, as you know, you follow us for a long time, we do not manage to gross margin. We manage to the growth of free cash flow per share. We think that's the key driver of value for the long-term owners of the company. And you can do that with higher gross margins. You can do that with lower gross margins. So that's our focus. But specifically on gross margins, our guidance has been and continues to be, think about it on a fall-through basis, over the long term, 70%, 75%. We have been doing pretty well on that front. The key driver, of course, is revenue growth. But then beyond that 300-millimeter capacity, that continues to be a great tailwind as we have more and more of our capacity on 300-millimeter, we had -- has a structural cost advantage and we'll be continuing to add to that with our RFAB2, Lehi and the Sherman Complex. The last comment I'll make is -- and we'll give you more details on that next week on capital management, but CapEx has been going up and will continue to go up over a number of years with those investments that I mentioned. Those are long-term investments. Those are going to set us up great for the next 15-plus years. So I'm very happy about this. I'm pleased with that. We're confident about those. But that does flow through the P&L as higher depreciation. So I expect CapEx to go up, and depreciation will follow. And that will have an impact on gross margins. But frankly, at the end of the day, that's accounting. The investment is happening now. It will happen over the next few years with that additional CapEx, and that will just put us in a great position to grow the top line and have really great fall-throughs over a long tome to come.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, Ross?
Ross Seymore: Yeah. I just wanted to pivot back to the revenue side. And whether it's industrial or automotive, your two focused markets, they look like they both grew kind of 30%, 35% year-over-year in 2021 as a whole. That's significantly faster than the secular growth rate that you guys have delivered, but not terribly different than the peer group for the year. So I just wondered how do you guys explain that level of growth. You don't seem to see any inventory anywhere. The end markets don't seem to be growing that fast. But whether it's for TI specific or the group as a whole, I wonder -- the sector as a whole, I wonder how you would explain that growth and the sustainability of it?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. So I think that it's clear, as we look at those markets over time, we believe that there's going to be content growth. So let me just talk about the long-term prospects of both of those markets. So it's very easily seen in the automotive market that there's content growth. We can see the cars today just have more semi content in them per vehicle than what we drove five years ago and 10 years ago. And it's very clear that, that's going to continue. That same phenomenon, it's just a lot harder to see, is going on in the industrial market, and that's what we love about it. It's not one thing we've got 13 sectors that make up that market. We have hundreds of end equipments that we're working on and tens of thousands of customers that we're working for. And our product portfolio is just positioned perfectly for that. So it's really a strategic focus that's on it. Now is there going to be noise around growth rates in any one given year? And John pointed out with SIA data, the stuff bouncing around, that's going to happen, but we're going to put in place growth and capacity to support that growth for the long-term. And it's because we've got the confidence that those markets are going to grow and those secular trends are going to continue. So thank you, Ross. And well go to next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. And now we'll move on to our next question from Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg: Yes, thank you and congratulations on the solid execution here. First question is on customer behavior, perhaps on the ordering front. So I think there's a lot of investors that are worried that inflation is kind of stalling the economies globally. Are you not seeing any change at all in your customers behavior from higher prices, because obviously, there is inflation in the semi-con industry, too. So have you not seen any change in order behavior at all sequentially?
Dave Pahl: Well, yeah, Tore, I'll start, and Rafael, if you want to add anything. I'd say that the environment that, as we mentioned before, is very similar to 90 days ago. The customer behavior that we talked about with the match set continued. So really not -- in a 90-day period, has there been a change nothing that we could measure on that front. So Rafael, anything to add?
Rafael Lizardi: No.
Dave Pahl: No. Yes. So you have a follow-on?
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you for that. When we think about your capacity expansion, you talked a lot about the front end. But Rafael, you mentioned you're also doing some assembly and test expansions. Could you elaborate a little bit on that, especially how it would impact the CapEx numbers going forward?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. No, thanks for that question. We -- as you alluded to, a lot of the conversations on CapEx, they tend to be on the fab side. That's because that's where a disproportionate amount of the money goes to, which is very capital intensive. And it's also because the lead times to build those are much longer, the type of structure that you have to build, et cetera. But we're also spending a lot of time internally on the back-end and what we need to do on that front. We're going to give you more details on that next week. But essentially, we do have plans going on at various countries where we already have operations to continue to expand capacity to match that front-end capacity and always be ahead of demand.
Dave Pahl: Great. Well go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the solid results and execution. As you guys mentioned, relative to your view 90 days ago, it looks like things didn't change all that much from a fundamental perspective, right, selective hotspots, lead time stable, broad-based demand. So how much of the upside was actually driven by an increase in supply availability, both from your internal manufacturing and outsource partners? Because it looks like you guys were capacity constrained starting from about the middle of last year. So just wondering if you're able to bring on some additional supply in Q4, which drove some of the upside?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So I'll start, and Dave, if you want to chime in. But I would tell you, first, as Dave mentioned during the call, prepared remarks and during a couple of questions, the strength was broad-based across geographies and end markets, et cetera. On your specific comment on capacity. As we have said probably for the last four quarters or so any longer, we have been and will continue to bring capacity incrementally. Incrementally, meaning relatively small steps. But nevertheless, those make a difference, especially on a cumulative basis, right? So we have been doing that for some time, and that's obviously helping. I mean you could see not only our revenue has improved during this cycle, but we went from draining inventory to now, the last two quarters, we've actually increased inventory, albeit at a relatively low level, but still much better than draining in inventory. So that gives you an appreciation for what that incremental relations to capacity have done. We expect to continue to increase incrementally, again, relatively small steps for another two quarters, and then RFAB2 comes online sometime in the third quarter of this year of 2022, and that will give us more legroom on those tailwinds. And then about six months later, first Q 2023, we'll have Lehi, LFAB come online once it's qualified, and that will give us also more legroom on that front.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, Harlan?
Harlan Sur: Yes. Thanks. Thanks for letting me ask the follow-up. So when the team announced the purchase of the Lehi 300-millimeter fab, you noted that Lehi would start off with 65- and 45-nanometer analog and embedded processing products, which is somewhat of a strategic change, right, because you guys have always been focused on 300-millimeter analog product. So is TI bringing embedded in-house because you have some sort of competitive differentiators on the manufacturing side for your next-generation embedded portfolio, or is it just a focus on lower cost versus outsourcing and moving the manufacturing mix towards more in-sourced over time?
Dave Pahl: Yes, I'll start, and Rafael, if you want to add, please do. If you look, we do manufacture embedded today and DMOS6. So part of our manufacturing footprint today includes embedded. And so with the Lehi factory, we will be able to build additional products there. And I would say, over time, foundry will continue to be a portion of our footprint. But as our revenue grows as a percentage of revenue, could that move some, but it could. But we will continue to build products, both internally and externally. And I'll just say that, as we invest in 300-millimeter, both for analog and embedded, that brings the same cost advantages to us. It allows better control of our supply chain. And certainly, in periods like this, it shows why that's an important advantage for us. So, okay. Thank you, Harlan. And I think we've got time for one more caller.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in, Dave and Rafael. I had a question on end markets. And specifically in auto, there is a lot of concern. It has been for more than a couple of quarters about semi components going into the industry and the auto units, the big gap. And if I look at your automotive, the year-over-year change, at least a rapid -- I think it was up 2x a couple of quarters ago. That seems to be decelerating. So can you just help us kind of understand -- it seems to be some parts like for the -- the concern is that the supply chain collectively is holding up on a lot of inventory. So just with -- I'd love to get your perspective. And Dave, I think last quarter, you had given us a pre-pandemic level, and you had kind of contrasted what you shipped last quarter versus that number?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So, Ambrish, maybe I'll start, and Rafael, if you want to want to add to it. And first, I'll just make a comment that, our team has done a good job supporting customers really across all of our end markets. When we look at that pre-pandemic level of fourth quarter of 2019 and just picking that to fourth quarter 2021, revenue overall is up 40%. And we grew shipments in all of our end markets. So I think that that's important to point out. So we believe inside of that, we've made strategic progress in industrial and automotive that will pay dividends for us for years ahead. But our teams really have done a great job supporting customers across that board. And some of those year-on-year transitions, Ambrish, as you know, some of those really big numbers. I think one quarter, we had close to 100%, maybe even above that. That was more of a function of how low shipments have gotten the quarter before. So that's where I talk about when things get really noisy, you really have to begin to look at it over these longer periods of time. But I think that that's a really good number to look at for our overall shipments. So do you have a follow-up to that, Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava: I had a separate follow-up, Dave. I've never seen a -- such a broad mention of a TI chip in short as PMIC. And it started with PC. Now we hear from pretty much every end market. Everybody is pointing the TI. The question I get from investors, and I have it myself as well, so I don't want to just say from investors, just how did TI -- you guys are -- at least I hold you at the pedestal in terms of ops, planning, supply chain management. How did you guys get through that point where one part -- and I know it's a small piece of your overall business. But more importantly, how do you convince us that this does not translate into potential share losses when people start to design you out potentially because this time, several quarters, you couldn't supply the part?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Fair question, Ambrish. And I'd point to maybe a couple of things. First, I'd point that we've got the broadest portfolio in the industry. When we engage with customers, it's not unusual for us to have a dozen, two dozen, sometimes three, four dozen different components shipped or on any particular design in any particular system. So it only takes one of those products to -- for our teams to have to work closely with that customer on. And as I talked about before, our teams have really done a great job supporting customers across the board, across those products. And that's what we'll continue to focus on. I think as we look to this year, we've got capacity coming online later this year with RFAB2 and those investments. Rafael talked about, we're putting in capacity. Every quarter this year, we've put in capacity, every quarter last year incrementally. So you see that showing up in our results. And then we've got -- followed that up with the Lehi fab in early 2023. So I think we're in a really good position to continue to support our customers overall. So we'll continue to work really hard at that and deliver the results that follow with that.
Dave Pahl: So with that, I'd like to remind everyone of our upcoming capital management call. And it is on February 3rd at 10 AM Central Time and a replay of this call will be available shortly on our website. Good evening.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you all for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments Q3, 2021, Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time. I would like to turn the conference over to A - Dave Pahl. Please go ahead.
Dave Pahl: Good afternoon. And thank you for joining our Third Quarter 2021, Earnings Conference call. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti. com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website.  A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations.  We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our Chief Financial Officer, A - Rafael Lizardi, is with me today and will provide the following updates. First, I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter.  Next, I'll provide insight into third quarter revenue results, with some details of what we're seeing in respect to the customers and markets. And I'll also provide details by end market, including some sequential performance as we have the last few quarters. As sequential data begins to be less insightful, we'll move back to reporting only year-over-year per our normal practice.  And lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results, an update of our capacity expansion plans and our guidance for fourth quarter of 2021. Starting with a quick overview of the quarter, revenue in the quarter was $4.6 billion, an increase of 1% sequentially and 22% year-over-year driven by demand in industrial, automotive, and personal electronics.  On a sequential basis, analog grew 2% embedded processing declined 5% on a year-over-year basis, analog revenue grew 24% and embedded processing grew 13%, our other segment grew 19% from the year-ago quarter.  Now let me comment on the current environment to provide some context of what we're seeing with our customers and markets. Overall, the quarter came in generally as we expected across the product segments and markets and geographies. Lead times for the majority of our products remained stable, but hotspots continued to exist.  However, customers are becoming more selective in them expedite requests, focusing on products that complete a matched set rather than expediting products across the board. This behavior is not specific to any product family and market, or geography.  Discussions with customers confirm a high-level interest in our commitment to expanding our internal manufacturing capacity roadmap, including 300-millimeter wafer fabs, our Fab-2 and Lehi, or what we call LFAB, and the associated assembly test expansions. These investments to strengthen our manufacturing and technology competitive advantage will provide lower costs and greater control of our supply chain.  And while there is a growing recognition that the near-term supply demand imbalance will end at some point, the secular growth of semiconductor content per system will continue to grow, and this requires a robust manufacturing capacity roadmap for 2025, and beyond. Moving on, I'll provide some insight into our third quarter revenue by end market. First, the industrial market was down mid-single-digits sequentially, and up about 40% from a year ago.  The changes both sequentially and from the year-ago were generally consistent across the diverse set of sectors. The automotive market again grew sequentially, and was up more than 20% from the year-ago. When comparing to pre -pandemic levels of Q4 2019, revenue is up almost 30%. Personal electronics grew low double-digit sequentially, and was up low double-digits compared to a year ago.  The strength sequentially and the year-ago was due to mobile phones, PC notebooks, and tablets. Next, communications equipment was down mid-single digits sequentially, and was down upper teens from a year ago. Enterprise systems grew sequentially and from the year-ago quarter. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management, and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave mentioned, third quarter revenue was $4.6 billion, up 22% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $3.2 billion or 68% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit margin increased 360 basis points.  Operating expenses in the quarter were $800 million, up 1% from a year ago, and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 18% of revenue. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.6 billion in R&D.  Acquisition charges and non-cash expense were $47 million in the third quarter and we will go to 0 beginning fourth quarter of 2021. Operating profit was $2.3 billion in the quarter or 50% of revenue. Operating profit was up 43% from the year-ago quarter. Net Income in the third quarter was $1.9 billion or $2.07 per share.  Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $2.4 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $486 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $7.1 billion.  In September, we announced we would increase our dividend by 13% effective this month, marking our 18th consecutive year of dividend increases. In the quarter, we pay $942 million in dividends and repurchased a $139 million of our stock. In total, we have returned $4.2 billion in the past 12 months. Over the same period, our dividend represented 53% of free cash flow underscoring its sustainability.  Our balance sheet remains strong with $9.8 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the third quarter. In the quarter we've issued $1.5 billion of debt in 3 tranches of $500 million each. The first has a coupon of 1.125%, which is doing 5 years, the second at 1.9% due in 10 years, and the last at 2.7% due in 30 years.  This resulted in total debt of $7.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.6%. Regarding inventory, TI inventory dollars were up $7 million from the prior quarter, and days were 112, up 1 day sequentially, but still below desired levels. For the fourth quarter we expect TI revenue in the range of $4.22 billion to $4.58 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of a $1.83 to $2.07.  The Lehi acquisition closed last Friday, but the costs are not included in our guidance. We will provide those details when we report fourth quarter results. Just as a reminder, the purchase price was about $900 million, and we expect ongoing cost of about $75 million per quarter through 2022.  We continue to expect our annual operating tax rate for 2021, to be about 14% and our effective tax rate to be about 13%. As you're looking at your models for 2022, without any changes to taxable, we would expect our annual operating and effective tax rates to remain about what they are this year.  With a similar quarterly profile of discrete tax benefits that are higher in the first quarter compared to the rest of the year. In closing, we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantages and in making our business stronger. Our investments in our long-term roadmap for capacity expansion, both in L-Fab and R-Fab-2, are great examples. As a remainder, our capex will be higher on an absolute level, as well as a percentage of revenue as we strengthen this advantage.  We are working through detailed plans of our long-term roadmap and we'll have specifics of timing in capex spending in our capital management goal in February. We continue to believe owning and controlling our supply chain will be of growing strategic importance. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask a question, please limit yourself to a single question after our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll pause just a moment to let when an opportunity to signal for questions. And we will go first to John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Dave, I know in this sort of environment seasonality doesn't make a lot of sense, but when you look at the September quarter, I'm just kind of curious. The June quarter came in well above your guidance range. September was well above the midpoint, but still within the guidance range. We're hearing of logistical constraints and supply constraints across the economy.  I'm curious when you look at the lower level upside in the September quarter versus the June quarter. To what extent might have there been supply constraints outside of your control? To what extent do you think its customers just being more selective about what they're pulling from you? Any color there would be helpful.
Dave Pahl: Sure, John, and thanks for the question. Yeah, I really think it depends on the customer's bill of material. I think that there are supply constraints that are widely reported across the different, different components.  And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, the behavior that we're seeing the different. Our customers are showing up and requesting -- we have meetings with them, rather than showing up with long lists of devices that they're asking us to expedite.  They're really just short lists, so they're looking for particular parts that complete those matched sets so that they can complete those builds for them. It is a different behavior that we're seeing this quarter versus the prior quarters. So follow-on?
John Pitzer: As a follow-on, I know you're going to give us more color about ELFAD expenses and RFAB's expenses as we get into next year. But I'm wondering if. Can you just help us set the stage a little bit next year is obviously going to be kind of a capacity build-out year for you?  And, I guess, all else being equal, how should we think about the gross margin impact on calendar year '22, as you layer in these investments?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. I'll take that one. First, as you know, you've known us for a long time. We don't manage the business due to gross margins. We manage for the long-term growth of free cash flow per share, and that's stars we've driving the top line, and that's why we're making this investment, to support revenue growth.  And as we do that is extending our low-cost manufacturing advantage that gives us that great structural cost advantage with 300 millimeters. Any addition to that, we're controlling the supply chain. And specifically, on your question, I think RFAB2, all in, that's about a $6 billion expense, about a billion of that is a building which depreciates over 30 years or so.  The balance of the rest is equipment and we're going to be putting in that equipment starting next year and over the coming years. With LFAB, obviously a 900 million purchase price. And some of that is building, some of that is equipment.  And then on top of that, we'll put about $3 billion of capex over a number of years as we ramp that up. So, we'll give you additional details on that and a bigger longer-term picture of how we're going to support the longer-term growth. We'll give you those details in February of the capital management gulf.
John Pitzer: Okay. Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, John. And we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: And we'll go next to Timothy Arcuri of UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks. Rafael, I was wondering if you could talk about pricing. Obviously, you're seeing some increases in your input costs. Can you talk about whether you're passing those onto customers and how ubiquitous any price increases on your side might be?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. What I would tell you, our strategy in pricing has not changed, we regularly monitor that. And our goal is to be competitive and it's really frankly independent of the input cost to the largest degree. But our goal is to be competitive and if prices move higher we're just as overdone, and we have been adjusting those overdone.
Dave Pahl: You have a follow-up, Tim?
Timothy Arcuri: I did, Dave. Thanks. And I guess I'll ask the same question that I've asked the last I think three calls about share repo, it was pretty low again. I guess is there a sort of -- can you help us think through maybe what the triggers might be for you to start to buyback more stock? Is there a target cash level where maybe you would say that the Balance Sheet is getting a little bit over capitalized and you'd start to buy back more stock? I'm just kind of -- obviously you're not buying back much, but I'm just kind of wondering if you could talk us through what triggers you might be looking for to start that back again. Thanks.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, stepping back and just to remind everybody how we think about our returns, our objective is to return all free cash flow to the owners of the Company over the long term. And we do that through dividends and buyback. You look at our 18-year history on that and is really consistent. In fact, we've, many years -- most years, we've averaged well over 100% of return.  During that time, we have, I would remind you we have increased the proportion of the return that comes into dividends. So that also plays into that. But as long as we think the buybacks are creative to long-term owners, we're going to have some buybacks.  And as you have seen, as you pointed out, the last 3 quarters we have. In fact, I don't think there's been a single quarter in the last 18 years or so that we have not purchased the return cash through the owners through buybacks in one form or another.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Tim. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Harlan Sur of JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. On finished goods inventory, most of which I assume is sitting at customer consignment hubs, this has come down faster than overall inventories. Finished goods dropped 8% sequentially in Q3, dropped 9% in Q2. They're down 25% from the beginning of this year, and down 33% pre-COVID-19, I assume due to the strong demand profile from your direct customers.  So how far below normal are consigning inventories relative to your customers target levels? And is part of the muted Q4 outlook to replenish these regular inventories or does the demand profile backlog and forecast actually reflect a sequential decline here in the fourth quarter?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. So, I'll start and Dave, you want to chime in after that, but I think where you're going with that -- let me make a step back. Obviously, inventory levels are below desired levels. We're at 112 days, our target is 130-190 days. So clearly, we're well below where we want to be. And inside of that as you pointed out finished goods -- all finished goods, whether it's in consignment or at our product distribution centers, are the ones that are decreasing most.  In fact, even though inventory -- total inventory levels stayed above flat slightly up second to third quarter, finished goods decreased and then whip and raw materials increased a little bit to offset that. Our goal, as soon as capacity increases if there's an adjustment in demand, we will build those inventory levels back up to be at more healthy levels.  And given our business model, it's just a great bet, just given the low obsolescence of our inventory, the diversity of positions, diversity of products that we can afford. Not only we can afford, it makes sense for us to build that inventory, have it ready for the secular growth that we're confident will happen beyond that. And I think, you're going on consignment inventory, frankly, those tend to be pretty lean to begin with.  That's how that process is designed, to just keep a couple weeks, so I wouldn't expect that, by itself, to build significantly. Pure consignment, where I would expect the build to happen at more of our product distribution centers. And that gives us more flexibility to then ship where the demand is most needed.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. I think that's well said. I think just tactically where we -- whether we keep it in our hubs where we would prefer it, or if we push it out to a consignment center, that'll just be reflective of our expectation that our customer will pull it.  That's just a tactical decision. I'd also point out that, as you said, Rafael, we do plan to bring on more capacity incrementally, as we have each quarter through this year and through the middle of next year, and in the back half of 2022, RFAB2 will come online and then that'll be followed by LFAB since as Rafael pointed out, we did close on that factory on Friday of last week. And so that is on target to come online in early 2023 to support growth in the future. Did you have a follow-up, Harlan?
Harlan Sur: Yes. Thanks. I appreciate the insightful answer. So, exiting last year, the direct business, which includes consignment that was about 65% of revenues. Where does that mix roughly sit today and did the team drive a positive book-to-bill ratio in Q3, if you could maybe quantify?
Rafael Lizardi: So, on the book-to-bill, we don't think that's relevant, frankly, and we haven't disclosed that in a while, and we're not disclosing that anymore. On your first question on percent, I think you asked percent of our revenue from consignment, is that right?
Harlan Sur: I didn't quite -- Yeah, that's the first part.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Could you just repeat it, Harlan, so we got -- make sure we got it right what you're asking, the first question? Harlan, are you there?
Harlan Sur: Yeah, just percentage of the overall direct business.
Dave Pahl: Oh, direct business, yes. We left last year with about the 2/3 of our revenues direct. So, we expected that percentage will increase over time. We'll provide an update of what we've done with that this year in our February call, cap management, the call in February of actually what that looks like. But just to say, over time, that we do expect that that will move up slightly over time.  And just the other caller with Rafael talking about book-to-bill. As we've got a lot of our revenue on consignment, we've got ti.com, the actual backlog isn't quite as meaningful as what it used to be. So, as he said, it's just not a number that we look at or measure or we've talked about in some time. So, it isn't quite as helpful as what it used to be. So, thank you, Harlan, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And we'll go next to Stacy Rasgon of Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. For the first one I wanted to ask you about the near-term micron impact. I know you said $75 million in cost impact in the model next year. Those costs don't go away, right? That $75 million a quarter is people, correct? And does it include the [inaudible 00:22:36] or anything else because if its people does it -- how do you think about that like what that incremental costs long term?
Rafael Lizardi: Very good, Stacy. Good direct question. So yes, that $75 million is mainly people and direct costs, not depreciation. Depreciation will not start until about first quarter of '23 when we start production just the way the rules work on that front.  And that 75 million that might -- we're still working through the details, but we currently believe that the most likely scenario is that most of that cost will go through its restructuring charges / other line until we start production, right? And that Boeing, the majority of their costs would go to the line.  Now, the costs actually doing pretty is over time as we increased production, right? But I think where you're going is that that happens and those scores, dose plus our then absorbed by revenue.  Now, how quick we also are absorbed beyond on the utilization, etc., that just depends how quickly we we've rammed that factory. Clearly, at the beginning there won't be a 100% absorption and we will get to that at some point, but we'll -- we're not going to in 2023.  So, we'll get to that at some point to give you some details. And in February of the capital management call, I think we'll frame it kind of a bigger picture of that along with our other capex investments, and you get a better sense of how that's going to play out.
Dave Pahl: A follow-on Stacy?
Operator: And it looks like Stacy has disconnected.
Dave Pahl: Okay.
Rafael Lizardi: All right.
Dave Pahl: Okay. If you have a follow-on, let us know, Stacy. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hey guys, thanks for letting me ask a question. Dave and Rafael, I want to talk about the [inaudible 00:24:30] you reported and get into some of the supply demand dynamics. It was the smallest beat to your original revenue guidance, you guys have had in a year.  And I realize that it's been exceedingly volatile in the last year, but I wondered, was that the demand profile changing from those investors, that selectivity changing that you're talking about? Or did supply play a role in there where you just couldn't meet up to the demand? Just trying to get what really changed versus whatever level of conservatism you had built into the prior quarters when you beat by bigger deltas.
Dave Pahl: Yes. I think you said demand from investors, I think you meant to say demand from customers, is its right Ron?
Ross Seymore: Sorry about that.
Dave Pahl: That's okay. Certainly, if any investors want to buy semiconductors from us, we'll be happy to sell them, but yes, I'd just say that overall, the quarter came in as we expected it to, right? And that's a statement as we said in the prepared remarks and we looked across geographies and products and product groups and end markets, those types of cuts, so there wasn't like one area that was underperformed or outperformed what we were expecting. But again, the main thing of what was different this Quarter versus
Dave Pahl: last quarter was really where customers are coming in and requesting expedites and upsides from us, and those upsides were much, much narrower and more focused just on a few products. so that was really what the difference was.  If you're looking for what was different this quarter versus last quarter and those types of things, that's what I would point to say what's changed in the last 90 days.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for the help on that. This is my follow-up, a similarly toned question. You mentioned that lead times remain extended but are stable, and then you talked about that whole selectivity dynamic. What would you imagine would change the lead times? is it going to be your supply incrementally rising or more so with Lehi or is the selectivity something as you guys look back and are students of cycles, is the demand side and that selectivity side more likely to impact the lead times going forward?
Dave Pahl: Well, as you know, you've been through many cycles with us, right? It's always a combination of both. And we will and continue to add the incremental capacity, as we have planned for some time. And certainly, as we go out in time, as we get the bigger tranches of capacity coming on with RFAB2 and then LFAB, we'll be able to make more progress on that front.  And at some point, we know that things will change from a demand standpoint. so, we don't spend time trying to predict that, but we'll be ready for it, we know what we'll want to do, and as Rafael talked about, one of the top things there is we'll want to rebuild inventory to prepare for the next time that the demand strengthens.  We have a long list of things that we're doing to invest in the Company to make it stronger. We won't control the timing of that, but we'll be ready very for it, for sure.
Rafael Lizardi: And just to emphasize that point, when that adjustment happens, whenever that is, we will continue investing in R&D, focus on the areas, the auto and industrial for the secular long-term growth. We'll continue to invest on CapEx, and to set up the Company for the next 10-15 years, we've a great long-term roadmap and we will build inventory that's what as Dave has mentioned.  Our range is a 130-190 days, frankly, we'll probably end up being at the higher end of that range just because we feel so good about the business model and how good that inventory will be, and how it sets us up for the next upturn on the other side, given the long-lived nature of that in the north.
Dave Pahl: That's right. Yeah. Okay. Thank you, Ross. And we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: We'll go next to Vivek Arya of Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I just want to get the supply side right. Are customers not ordering as much from you because they don't have enough from you on the component side, or they don't have enough from others that they need to complete the building materials?
Dave Pahl: It's both, Vivek. There's -- there are instances of both of those and sometimes it's not even semiconductors, it's the -- may be other components that they may be missing. Yeah, it's a combination of those things. Supply chains are complex. It depends on the building materials and the systems that they're building. So, it depends.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, and the nuance changes, 90 days ago, 180 days ago, they were expanding everything, almost regardless of matched set position. Now, they are more selective in what they're expediting, right?
Dave Pahl: You have a follow-on, Vivek?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thank you. Could you talk specifically to the automotive market. This year it's clear the production has not been not that strong, but auto semiconductor sales have been pretty strong. So, as it applies to TI, what do you think has been the interplay between content and mix? Or do you think that there is perhaps inventory stuck in the automotive supply chain somewhere that we should watch out for?
Dave Pahl: I'll comment on automotive, I think I'll even extend it into industrial. Those are two markets that we have long talked about that we believe that there is content growth in those markets, content per system. It's easy to sit in cars and well reported on. I know, Vek, in your reports that you've reported on that, the content growth, you can see it in automotive, it's happening in industrial across 13 different sectors, so harder and harder to see.  And we invest in all the markets, but we have a strategic focus on automotive and industrial, so you're beginning to see some of the benefits of that strategic bias that we have. Our channel advantages, the breadth of our products, advantages in those markets as well.  So, there's components of that. But that said, anytime that we have supply shortages in the industry, customer behavior is always very consistent and that behavior is that they will want to build inventory to protect themselves. Whether they've already begun that or have already done that, they certainly will want to do that, and at some point, they'll have too much product and that's what creates the cycles in us
Dave Pahl: industry. It won't surprise us if the cycle comes to an end at some point, we'll be prepared for that and we'll know what we'll want to do at that point. Thank you for those questions and we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: We'll go to Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you. I wonder if you could talk to the hotspots. Is there any particular pattern that's driving which products you have in short supply? And it seems like we see at most in areas like enterprise and some of the personal electronics, higher volume stuff. Is that something that you guys would agree with and do you think is it -- is there more foundry versus internal fabs, is there anything in particularly driving those hotspots?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. I wouldn't put it down on any one thing, Joe. Certainly, there's reports of the tightness across boundaries, so obviously we see that as well. There's tightness in some lead frames, so we see that as well.  Other input, raw materials, more compounds that we have testers, in some cases, some process technologies, some particular products themselves that have a large number of customers so in those thoughts move around as our operations teams will sometimes move capacity from one area to the other. So, they're not always consistent or persistent.  Sometimes they are, but sometimes they're not and there's things that we can do to mitigate those or actually completely alleviate them. And that's why as we describe them, it's not just one particular product area or one particular product set that -- or even one particular market, or even -- I'd say even one particular customer that would be impacted by that you may see.
Rafael Lizardi: And just to highlight something for maybe new listeners. Dave mentioned the foundries, only about 20% of our wafers are -- come from foundries. The vast majority, 80% and growing, we've had investments in 300-millimeter are internal wafers, and that just gives us much better control of our destiny. And for all the reasons they've mentioned, and then the low cost -- the structural low cost that we get with 300-millimeter.
Dave Pahl: Yeah, I think that makes it especially clear why we believe that continues to be a strategic advantage for us in times like this. You have a follow-on, Joe?
Joe Moore: Yeah, I wonder, also with the hotspots, is there a situation where you can't respond to upside in demand and that's why it's tight, or are there actual areas where -- I know there's always a little bit of this, but on a broad scale where you're not meeting commitments that you would made because of some of those things that are upstream from you.
Dave Pahl: I think there's probably both of those that exists.
Rafael Lizardi: At 112 days of inventory, it is harder to the respond to upside than if we were at 150, 160, 190 days, of course, so yeah.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Yes. For sure. So okay. Well, thank you, Joe. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Christine Lee of Citi.
Christine Lee: Hey, thanks, guys. So, Dave and Raphael you mentioned that the lead times haven't really changed, but expedites are getting better or less bad. Why do you think that is? Do you think that, now your competitors are reducing lead times? Do you think that the supply chain has had a little bit of a chance to build some buffer inventory? What do you think the situation is getting I guess either better or less bad?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Chris, I think that's a great question. I don't know that we know the answer, specifically, to that question, so I think we're trying to stick to the fact of we can observe that behavior change, I think you're offering some good theories of why that behavior may be changing, but what we're trying to do is to stick to the facts of what's going on.  Therere multiple reasons why it might be changing, and we'd rather not venture into guessing or predicting or calling what's driving that behavior. So, do you have a follow-on?
Christine Lee: Yeah. I guess you can leave the guessing and predicting up to sell - siders. On the -- since you guys don't talk about gross margin, but you do talk about free cash flow margin, I think you hit an all-time high in free cash flow margin in Q3, and it looks like there's some headwinds coming down the pipe I guess near to medium-term. Is there any reason for us to believe that you've seen your all-time peak in free cash flow margin or eventually could it get back above where it was in the most recent quarter?
Rafael Lizardi: I'll take that, Chris. And Chris, you know us very well. You follow us for a long time. You know we do not manage to free cash flow margin per cent, right? That are not what drives long-term value for the owners if the long-term growth of free cash flow dollars. And to your point, there, there are some headwinds on that with the capex that we're talking about to set up the Company well for the future.  But of course, we're only doing that because we think that is going to drive even faster growth of the long-term trend of free cash flow dollars. So, we'll continue to focus on that because we think that is -- that is what drives value for the long-term owners.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Chris and we've got time for one more call.
Operator: And we'll go to [Indiscernible]
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Thank you for squeezing me in. As far as the question on controlling the supply chain, you talked about 80% outsourced now. I believe that's the more advanced nodes, but should we assume that that 80% is just going to grow and that you're going to rely less and less on foundries going forward?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So, you said 80 outsources, it's 80 in-source just to make sure, 80%
Unidentified Analyst: Sort of rationale
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. So, 80% our own wafers. And yeah, that should grow over time as we continue to add these wafer fabs that we're talking about, all in 300 millimeters, which -- the efficiency of 300 millimeter is huge because 300-millimeter wafer accounts for almost 2.3 times 200-millimeter wafer, and these are pretty large wafers where efficiency purposes. In fact, RFAB2 is going to be bigger than RFAB1. So, it's reasonable to deduce that that percent will increase over time.
Unidentified Analyst: Very good. And as a follow-up, and I don't want to steal your thunder from February, but in the past, youve talked about capacity of $22 billion. Obviously, you're going to go through capacity expansion here for the next 12 months to 18 months. Would you share any new numbers with those, I don't know, 25, 28, anything at all?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. No, so great question. Thanks for the setup for February. We will talk about that in February. Until then, what I would tell you is you've heard us talk about DMOS6 and our RFAB1. Roughly, that's the potential of about $8 billion of annual revenue on 300-millimeter than RFAB2. And this is all depending -- highly dependent on mix.  So, these are not affected numbers, but RFAB2, with that capex, RFAB2 should add another $5 billion of annual revenue, again, when it's full week web price or not, obviously not on day 1. And Lehi should add 3 billion to 4 billion of annual revenue.  So, we're thinking in terms of that, and we're thinking even beyond that. Because as we look at the Company's potential for growth into the next 10 and 15 years, then we're not stopping, just thinking in the next 4 or 5 years, we're thinking 10, 15 years. And we'll talk about that in February in more detail.
Dave Pahl: That's great. And I think we can go ahead and wrap up Rafael can you have the mic.
Rafael Lizardi: Okay. Let me wrap up by reiterating what we have said previously. At our core, we're engineers, and technology's the foundation of our Company, but ultimately, our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate long-term value for owners is the growth of free cash over share. While we strive to achieve our objective, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners, we will own the Company for decades.  We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing and we will be a Company that we are personally proud to be a part of and would want as our neighbor. When we're successful, our employees, customers, communities, and owners all benefit. Thank you and have a good evening.
Operator: And this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-21 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments Q2 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. Please note that today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead.
Dave Pahl: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. Our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi, is with me today, and we'll provide the following updates. First, I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter. Next, I'll provide insight into second quarter revenue results, with more details than usual by end market, including some sequential performance since it's more informative at this time. And lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results, some insight into one-time items and our guidance for the third quarter of 2021. Starting with a quick overview of the second quarter. Revenue in the quarter was $4.6 billion, an increase of 7% sequentially and 41% year-over-year, driven by strong demand in industrial, automotive and personal electronics. On a sequential basis, Analog grew 6% and Embedded Processing grew 2%. On a year-over-year basis, Analog grew 42% and Embedded grew 43%. Our Other segment grew 30% from the year-ago quarter. Moving on, given the current environment, again this quarter, I'll provide some insight into our second quarter revenue by end market and comment on our lead times. First, the industrial market was up mid-teens sequentially and up about 40% from the year ago. The strength was seen across most sectors. The automotive market grew sequentially following a strong first quarter 2021 and more than doubled from a weak year-ago compare. Personal electronics was about even sequentially and up about 25% compared to a year ago. The strength was broad-based across sectors and customers within personal electronics. Next, communications equipment was up low-single digits sequentially and was down upper teens from the year ago. Enterprise systems grew upper teens sequentially and was about even from the year ago. Regarding lead times, the majority of our products continue to remain steady. However, the growing demand in the second quarter of 2021 again expanded our list of hot spots, which required extending some lead times. As planned, we continue to add incremental capacity in 2021 and first half of 2022 with additional support from the startup of our third 300-millimeter wafer fab, RFAB2, that will come online in the second half of 2022. As discussed during our Capital Management review in February, our competitive advantage of manufacturing and technology delivers the benefits of lower cost and greater control of our supply chain, which really shows through in a market environment like this. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave mentioned, second quarter revenue was $4.6 billion, up 41% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $3.1 billion, or 67% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit margin increased 290 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $816 million, up 5% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 19% of revenue. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.6 billion in R&D. Acquisition charges, a non-cash expense, were $48 million in the second quarter and are related to the National Semiconductor acquisition. These acquisition charges will remain at about this level through the third quarter of 2021 and then go to zero. Operating profit was $2.2 billion in the quarter, or 48% of revenue. Operating profit was up 80% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the second quarter was $1.9 billion, or $2.05 per share, which included a $0.06 benefit that was not in our prior outlook, due to the signing of a royalty agreement. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $2.1 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $386 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $6.5 billion. In the quarter, we paid $942 million in dividends and repurchased $146 million of our stock. In total, we have returned $3.9 billion in the past 12 months. Over the same period, our dividend represented 56% of free cash flow, underscoring its sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $7.4 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the second quarter. Regarding inventory, TI inventory dollars were down $34 million from the prior quarter and days were 111, which are below desired levels. In the second quarter, we signed an agreement to acquire Micron's 300-millimeter fab in Lehi, Utah. This investment continues to strengthen our competitive advantage in manufacturing and technology and is part of our long-term capacity planning. The Lehi fab will be our fourth 300-millimeter fab, joining DMOS6, RFAB1 and soon-to-be completed RFAB2 in our wafer fab manufacturing operations. We continue to believe that our competitive advantage of manufacturing and technology will be of growing importance in owning and controlling our supply chain. For the third quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $4.40 billion to $4.76 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.87 to $2.13. We continue to expect our annual operating tax rate to be about 14%. In closing, we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantages and in making our business stronger. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible the opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And well go first to Vivek Arya of Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Rafael and Dave, when I look at the last few quarters, your reported sales have been significantly above your guided range. And I mean, like between 5% to 13% above your original outlook and thats just making it very hard to distinguish right between how to read your guidance, because even now youre guiding to a flattish outlook and what suppose to be seasonally stronger quarter. Should we take that to be conservatism? Should we take that to be a peaking in the cycle? And how is that the demand is so strong? Youre increasing supply, but yet your sales outlook is flattish. I think it's a very confusing message and I would love your insights into how to interpret your guidance. Are we reading them in the right way?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Vivek, thanks. Thanks for the question. I think, first, I would say perhaps normal seasonal patterns may not be the best measure to look at things, in periods like this. Certainly, the last few quarters, we would all agree have been unusual period that weve gone through and as we continue to move through. So, and as you said, the last few quarters have been exceptionally strong. Second quarter was certainly strong, both sequentially and year-over-year. So, if you look at our guidance, it would suggest that next quarter will again be a very strong quarter. So in, as you know, our guidance is the best estimate that we have at this time. So that's what we try to do and try to give you that insight. You have a follow on?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thanks, Dave. So from what you said, I assume that you are, again, implying conservatism unless you suggest otherwise. My real question is, when I look at the share buyback activity, it's been very low in the last few quarters. And there are only a few reasons why that would be, right? One is the simplest reason that maybe the stock is perhaps not attractive at these valuations, or it could be that you're preparing for some M&A, or is it some large CapEx or some caution about macro? And to -- trying to understand why is there such a material shift in terms of your return of free cash flow strategy, right? We understand the dividend part has been very strong, but the share buyback activity has been very low over the last almost a year now. So we just appreciate your views as to why you are not buying back your stock at the pace at which you have historically done so. Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: No, Im happy to address that one, Vivek. So first, let me take you back to how we think about cash return. And it's very well you follow us for many years. And you've heard us talk about this human capital management, a year in and year out. And our objective when it comes to cash returning to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. We do that through dividends as well as buybacks. Now that that has never meant and doesn't mean that every single quarter or even every single year where that return is going to be exactly 100%, right? If you look at our history, over 15-plus years, it has been actually above 100%. So that shows our commitment to that and that commitment has not changed. We are committed to returning all free cash flow to the owners of the company over time.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you, Vivek. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And the next caller will be Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. I had two as well. I guess, one, clarification, Dave. I think when you talked about automotive, you said up sequentially in the second quarter. Did I test that right? Did you not give a specific number of automotive?
Dave Pahl: That's correct. It was up low single digits, Toshi.
Toshiya Hari: Okay. Got it.
Dave Pahl: Do you have follow-on? Yes.
Toshiya Hari: Yes. So in terms of gross margins, I realize you guys don't run the business management business for gross margins. But clearly, you had a very, very strong quarter in Q2, and I know you don't guide gross margins going forward. But based on how you're thinking about utilization rates in your factories, given what you know about pricing in your business, both on the analogue side as well as the embedded side going forward? How are you thinking about gross margins and kind of the OpEx leverage going forward in your business? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. No, so first, let me emphasize a point you made. We do not focus on gross margins in how we run the business, just like you said. Our focus is on free cash flow generation. In fact, free cash flow per share, and how we can grow that over the long-term, right, because we think ultimately, that is what drives value for the owners of the company. And you can do that at 67% margin, you can do it at a lower margin, or you can do at a higher margin depends on a number of factors. So - and then to answer your specific question, as we have always guided, over the long-term, not only one quarter or even many one year, but over the long-term, 70% to 75% fall through is the right way to - generally speaking in the right way to look at to model the company as we go forward. So as you put whatever revenue expectation you have there and fall that through, what about that rate and you'll be in the ballpark.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Toshi. I will consider that two questions, if that's okay. And we'll move on to our next caller.
Operator: And the next caller is going to be Stacy Rasgon of Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question. So now you don't think about running the business to gross margins, but I'm going to ask a gross margin question anyways. And you were at 65.2. Obviously, you did very strongly with this quarter. But you said you had $0.06 of royalties that was unexpected. That should have been about 1.4 points of gross margins as I understand it, if I do the math, right? And then I think you had something like $50 million in Austin cost last quarter that should have rolled off this quarter. That would have been another 100 basis points, give or take. So I'm actually wondering why gross margins were -- in fact, if I take out the royalties, they would have been up 60 basis points only with 100 basis points of cost that should have rolled off with a massive revenue increase, like what's going on with what happened with gross margins in the current quarter given all of that?
Rafael Lizardi: So, Stacy, I -- let me address one and then I have to ask your question. I don't quite understand part of your question, but 
Stacy Rasgon: Or maybe royalties, working gross margin, maybe they werent 
Rafael Lizardi: Exactly, Thats the part I did it. Okay. So youre assuming royalty?
Stacy Rasgon: Okay.
Rafael Lizardi: Okay. So let me address that first. We talk about royalty. It used to be in revenue and gross margin. But that was years ago, I think, three or four years ago. We -- yes, we moved that to other income and expense. So that is in that line, other income expenses. So it has nothing to do with margins. It has been for three or four years or so since we -- and the reason we moved that is very de minimis, it's a relatively small amount. It averages about $100 million a year. Of course, in the big scheme of things, given our revenue level is a relatively small amount, and we expect that to be continue to be small going forward. On the other part of your question. So last quarter, we had about a $50 million hit to our gross margins. That was because of the winter storm in Texas. We did talk about that during the call we mentioned and that was all in gross margin. So, yes, you can adjust that. You can -- you guys just, however, you wish for fourth quarter to get the gross margin without that impact, right? And that may make more sense when you look at the trends.
Stacy Rasgon: Yes.
Rafael Lizardi: Does that answer your question?
Stacy Rasgon: Yes, thats very helpful. Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: I think you have a second one, right? You still have a follow-up, or? 
Stacy Rasgon: So my follow-up, yes, you're guiding revenues flat, and you're guiding EPS down slightly. So either gross margins are going down or OpEx is going up. Although, I mean, normally optics, I think seasonably into Q3 would be down a few points. I guess on those are you expecting any sort of different OpEx trends into Q3 as you would normally see like in the normal Q3 is there something else going on because normally it's down sequentially?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. And well -- so the reason that EPS is moving at the midpoint is the royalty that we just talked about, right? So you just take out that $0.06 from the EPS that we just delivered. You get to a more normalized EPS without that royalty, and then compare that to the next quarter. And you'll see that there's nothing unusual there. We --, obviously we only give revenue and EPS range. But if there was something unusual in between the lines, we would point it out and there's nothing unusual. Nothing's changing much between the other lines, right, yep. Okay. Thank you, Stacy. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And next we have John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for let me ask the question. Dave and Rafael, I just want to go back to the revenue guidance, sort of flat at the midpoint with down sequentially. I guess I'm just trying to wrap my head around the fact that your deficiencies kind of increased in the June quarter, you said your hotspots went up? It sounds like demand is still relatively strong. And yet there's a part of your guidance that could be down sequentially, which I'm having a hard time grasping. Dave, maybe you can talk about end markets. Are there any end markets that particularly look like they're cooling off sequentially into the calendar third quarter? Or why the down sequential? I think I have to go back to see, quite a bit of time to see you guys have a flat to down sequential Q3.
Dave Pahl: And John, when you say down sequentially, just to clarify, are you saying that part of our range would imply that it could be down and the other part would imply that it will be up.
John Pitzer: Yes.
Dave Pahl: That's what -- thats just to clarify that part of the question. I got you. Yes. So yes, John, if there's something that's unusual going on within an end market or region or product area, we've always provided insight into that, to help, understand, an outlook or even something that's happened in a current quarter. I'll just say that there's nothing unusual like that, that we feel that we would need to explain what's going on. I think that, as I mentioned earlier to Vivek's question on the topic, seasonality probably isn't the best thing to be looking at as we've been moving through the last few quarters. And I would say what that range implies, the revenue still will be -- will still be strong. So you've a follow on?
John Pitzer: Yes, just as my follow on, on RFAB2, I'm just curious with the proposed purchase of Lehi, should we think about sort of the building going on as planned. The pilot line going on as planned, but capacity at RFAB2 kind of slowed or how do we think about kind of now your mix of capacity as Lehi comes in next year. And what that means for CapEx and the ramp of RFAB2?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. No, let me tell you about that. So first, let me step back remind everyone objective when it comes to CapEx is to invest to support new technology development and revenue growth. And specifically, extending our low cost manufacturing advantage, primarily 300-millimeter, right? So weve talked about that for a long time and it's a core part of our strides. One of our competitive advantage is having that manufacturing and technology advantage. RFAB2 will be the third 300-millimeter factory. Lehi will be our fourth 300-millimeter factory. RFAB2 will become operational sometime in the middle of next year, that's when the shell will be completed and then we will be deploying equipment there. And then we're incurring CapEx because of that. So CapEx as I said at the last call, will be higher, both in absolute dollars and as percent of revenue because of that. And then on top of that, at Lehi right, which we didn't have last quarter when we had talked -- when we had the earnings call. So now Lehi is going to be on top of that. That's a $900 million purchase price, which will run through CapEx, but then in addition to that factory, it's ready for production once we qualify it, but at relatively low volumes. We still have to add CapEx at factory to take it to the volumes that we want and that will happen over time. And think of that CapEx is probably going to be -- is probably going to run about half of what RFAB2 CapEx will run. And I'm talking over years, right, as we deploy equipment there. And both of those will add to the strength or will strengthen our competitive advantage of manufacturing and technology with two more 300-millimeter factories.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, John. And we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: And that will be Blayne Curtis of Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Actually I just want to ask on, I know you're not going to probably guide December, but just kind of any feel you can for that quarter. Obviously, seasonality has been out the window typically a down quarter. Just trying to get a better handle on the back half year obviously the flattening market, but at much higher levels. Anything you can throw out there for December?
Dave Pahl: Yes, Blayne. And certainly, I know there's lots of speculations on how long the strong demand will last and certainly we've read the ranges that it's going to end soon and others that say it is going to continue for quite some time. And obviously as you stated, we are not going to forecast the fourth quarter or even comment on how long the cycle last, because honestly as you know, we don't know, I don't think anyone knows. But I think we can frame how the actions that we've taken and our approach as we've gone through the cycle. And in the first phase, you've seen us accelerate into the widely anticipated decline and that really enabled us to gain ground. And really, in the second phase, we're working to ensure that we gain strategic ground, particularly in industrial and automotive and that -- those gains will reward us for years to come. And independent of that, we are investing for the long-term. So some of the obvious things that you can see are the new manufacturing investments in RFAB2. If you're down here in Texas, you will see cranes up over the building. I think I counted six or seven at the max that were up over that. The additional Lehi, some of the less visible ones are the R&D investments and new capabilities at ti.com and those investments are continuing. So we won't -- we will go through cycles. We won't be able to predict it, but we can make the place stronger. We can continue to invest in our competitive advantages. So do you have follow-on?
Blayne Curtis: Thanks. Yes, I just wanted to ask you on inventory levels. Obviously, way down at these sales levels on a days inventory, but your ability to grow that absolute amount and if you're able to do that in the September?
Rafael Lizardi: I will start and Dave, you want to follow-up. But inventory levels, first, let me remind everyone the objective there, maintain high levels of customer satisfaction while minimizing obsolescence which frankly is not an issue given our business model. We are clearly below desired levels, just like we said during the prepared remarks, right. We are running about 111 days and our target is 130 to 190 days. That's part of the reason why we have the hotspots that we talked about. At the same time I will tell you, we go back to second quarter last year when the pandemic was starting, in fact, March of last year, everybody, all our competitors were decreasing their inventory levels, slowing down factories. We went the other way right. We maintained and in fact increased our production levels. We increased our inventory levels. They went from about 140 days to 160, some 170 days, almost. And that along with our business strategy, our business model helped to put us in a great position to take advantage of the situation and has helped us do significantly better than our competitors over the last three or four quarters, right. But we have gotten to a point where, yes, things are -- inventory is now below desired levels. We will continue to add incremental capacity as we have talked about, that is in all of our factories, especially RFAB1, but the next bigger tranche of capacity will come in with RFAB2 as we talked about earlier. Once that is operational sometime in the second quarter or next year, then that will -- thats when we finish and when we produce revenues sometime in the second half of next year, then that will add a significant amount of capacity and then shortly after that, Lehi will also come in line for additional revenue capacity there.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And maybe just quickly, what I might add to that, obviously, whenever things do slow, we will then use that period of time to rebuild inventories in those positions to be able to support growth in the future, so.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. And I will just add one more thing. Both RFAB2 and Lehi, those are long-term play, right? These are -- this is to strengthen our manufacturing advantage, owning our own manufacturing, which clearly has proven over the last year and a half, we knew that already but it has proven that how important that is in the current environment. They are going to happen to help in the medium term, most likely, but if they don't, if things slow down and it doesn't work out that way that is completely fine with us. That's not why we are equipping those factor, that's not why we bought -- we're buying Lehi is for the long-term positioning of the company to support long-term revenue growth in both Analog and Embedded.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Blayne. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: And next we will go to Ambrish Srivastava of BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you very much, Rafael and Dave. I had a question on free cash flow per share. And you guys know I don't look at it on a quarterly basis. So if I look at the last 2 years, if I look at 2020 free cash flow per share, down 3%. 2019 it was flat. And I know that if I look at this year on a trailing 12-month basis, it is up double-digit, but it has lagged -- sorry for the background noise it always happens when Im on a conference call. If I look at the trailing 12 months and then -- so that's in line with what you have said consistently. But should we expect this to come back to the double-digit on an annualized basis. What's the right way to think about the lag over the last 2 years and how should we think about it going forward?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, this is one -- most financial metrics are this way too, but if you want to look at this over the long-term, right, any one quarter or even any one year, they could be a little choppy. You mentioned a couple of years when 2019 and even 2020 where that trajectory does not represent the longer term. And arguably the same thing for 2021 or the trailing 12 months number that you just quoted, right. So if you want to look at this over the long-term, and that's how we look at it, and that's what's going to ultimately drive value for the owners of the company, right.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. Thats fair.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow on, Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes, I did. With all the tightness and contrast this with the way you guys have managed the business, and the share shift probably show up that quickly because these designs are such long lasting and they don't change on a dime. Are you seeing any discernible change in your design in activity as a result of what we've seen from your peers with the tightness and you managing your lead times and inventory much better than some of your peers? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yes, I will start off and Rafael if you want to add. I would say that as you know, Ambrish, we have started on the journey to have closer direct relationships with customers really 8 -- 7, 8 years ago with our investments on ti.com, investments in our sales, applications teams, investments in processes and how we do business and just our structure inside of the company. And last year, you saw a pretty major step of taking more customers direct and operating with fewer distributors as well as transacting business through ti.com. So you kind of mix that together with the pandemic c and our ability to do virtual sales calls. I think all those things have positioned us well strategically, especially in markets like industrial, automotive, those markets where we want to gain that strategic ground. You couple that with availability and like you say things don't move quickly, but the supply shortages really started showing up in the beginning of 2020 took a break in the first or second quarter, when the pandemic hit and then reaccelerated after that. So there are cases that are unusual, but there are cases where customers redesign boards just because of availability. I will describe that as an outlier. But we do see cases of that, but we see more cases where you have designs that are being intersected as they come through. And again, our sales teams are engaged from production all the way back into engineering and that gives that visibility is a great strategic advantage and those benefits again will be things that will pay rewards for us for a long time to come. Okay. Thank you, Ambrish. And I think we've got time for one last caller.
Operator: And that caller will be Chris Danely of Citigroup.
Christopher Danely: Thanks guys. Hey, Dave, by the way thanks for the other analysts go first and beat you up on the flat guidance. So I don't have to. My question is on the auto revenue. So if we look at the headlines and talk to the folks in the auto supply chain, there's still a lot of shortages etcetera, etcetera out there. And I think your revenue was only slightly up. So can you just explain the discrepancy? It seems like it would be up a little bit more than that if there's all these folks clamoring for parts out there?
Dave Pahl: Well, I would point out it over doubled from a year-ago, Chris. So it's a little bit more than up a little bit and I think you're pointing to the sequential. But again, last quarter it was up over 25% from pre-pandemic levels. I don't think we are shipping 25% more cars from pre-pandemic levels, right. So our shipments into automotive are up and up significantly, and we continue to add capacity and continue to -- we believe we are gaining share there as well. You got to measure it over time. But, yes, so we are -- our shipments are up there and up strong. So you have a follow-on?
Christopher Danely: Yes. Just, I guess the hotspot question. So you said that you're seeing a few more hotspots last quarter. Do you think that the situation gets a little bit worse this quarter or do you think it gets better? When do you guys think you'll start to get a handle on all these sort of supply issues out there I guess?
Rafael Lizardi: Chris, it's going to depend on demand, right. We are on the supply side, as we said, we are adding capacity incrementally. We have been and we will continue to do that. The bigger tranche of capacity doesn't come in until about a year from now right as we just talked about, RFAB2 and then 6 months later we've Lehi. So it will be a while before weve big tranches of capacity coming online. So it's going to depend on demand. At the end of the day, we don't fully control there. It is more of a macro situation, but we are better prepared than our peers and have been in both the tactical decisions we have made during the pandemic, but more importantly, our business model and how we run the company, specifically own in our own manufacturing that there has been a key in this whole process and we are just really doubling down on that. Weve -- what we were doing with all those factories that we just talked about.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Chris. Rafael do you want up first?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I will go ahead and wrap up. So let me just emphasize what we have said previously. At our core, we are engineers and technology is the foundation of our company. But ultimately our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate long-term value for owners is the growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objective, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing and we will be a company that we are personally proud to be a part of and would want as our neighbor. When where successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners all benefit. Thank you and have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes todays call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments Q1 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi, is with me today, and will provide the following updates. First, I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter; next, I'll provide insight into the first quarter revenue results with more details than usual by end market, including some sequential performance since it's more informative at this time; and then lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results, some insights into onetime items, and our guidance for the second quarter of 2021. Starting with a quick overview of the first quarter. The companys revenue increased 5% sequentially and 29% year-over-year driven by strong demand in industrial, automotive and personal electronics. On a sequential basis, Analog grew 5% and Embedded Processing grew 7%. On a year-over-year basis, Analog grew 33% and Embedded Processing grew 17%. Our other segment grew 12% from a year ago quarter. Moving on, given the current environment, again this quarter, Ill provide some insights into our first quarter revenue by end market and then some comments on our lead times. First, the industrial market was up about 20% sequentially and up almost 30% from the year ago. The strength was seen across most sectors. The automotive market was about even compared to a very strong fourth quarter 2020 and up about 25% from a year ago. Compared to the pre-COVID-19 levels the fourth of 2019 our shipments to automotives in both the fourth quarter of 2020 and the first quarter of 2021 were up about 25% as we work to help our automotive customers recover from their supply chain disruptions. Personal electronics was down about 10% sequentially and up about 50% compared to the year ago. The strength was broad based across sectors and customers within personal electronics. Next communications equipment grew in the high teens sequentially, and was about even from the year ago. Enterprise systems grew upper single digit sequentially, and was down about 10% from the year ago. Regarding lead times, over 80% of our products have steady lead times, and more than 50,000 parts have off the shelf availability via ti.com. However, the growing demand in the first quarter of 2021 did expand our list of hotspots, which required extending some lead times. We will continue to add incremental capacity in 2021 and the first half of 2022 with additional support from the start-up of our third 300 millimeter wafer fab, RFAB II that will come online in the second half of 2022. As discussed during our Capital Management Review in February, our competitive advantage of internal manufacturing and technology delivers the benefits of lower costs and greater control of our supply chain, which really shows through a market environment like this. Raphael will now look and review profitability, capital management, and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave. And good afternoon everyone. First quarter revenue was $4.3 billion up 29% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.8 billion, or 65% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit margin increased 250 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $811 million, up 2% from a year ago. And about as expected, on a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 21% of revenue. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.5 billion in R&D, acquisition charges and non-cash expense were $47 million in the first quarter. Acquisition charges will remain at about this level through the third quarter of 2021 and then go to zero. Operating profit was $1.9 billion in the quarter or 45% of revenue. Operating profit was up 56% from a year ago quarter. Net income in the first quarter was $1.8 billion, or $1.87 per share, which included a $0.02 net benefit that was not in our prior outlook, primarily due to discrete tax benefit, which was partially offset by about $50 million of utility costs related to the February winter storm in Texas. Most of this expense is in our cost of revenue and reported in our other segment results. Let me now comment our capital management results starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.9 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $308 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $6.3 billion. In the quarter we paid $940 million in dividends and repurchase $100 million of our stock. In total, we have returned $4.5 billion in the past 12 months. Over the same period, our dividend represented 56% of free cash flow underscoring its sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $6.7 billion of cash and short term investments at the end of the first quarter. We retire $550 million of debt in the quarter leaving $6.3 billion of total debt with a weighted average coupon of 2.77%. Regarding inventory, TI-inventory dollars were down $65 million from the prior quarter, and dates were 114. For the second quarter, we expect TI-revenue in the range of $4.13 to $4.47 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.68 to $1.92. We continue to expect our annual operating tax rate to be about 14%. In closing, we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantages and in making our business stronger. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions in order to provide as many of you as possible the opportunity to ask a question, please limit yourself to a single question after our response well provide you the opportunity for an additional follow up, operator?
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] And first, we'll go to Chris Danley with Citi.
Christopher Danley: Hey, thanks, guys. So Q1 clearly was very strong, well above seasonality and above guidance, however, your sequential guidance is flat is well below seasonality. So my question is, are you guys seeing, cancellations and push outs or why that's such weak guidance after a strong Q1? Thanks.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, Chris. Yes, thanks for that question. We arent seeing cancellation or push outs. I just say that if you look into, to your observations, Q1 was very strong both sequentially, and year-on-year. So, at the midpoint, second quarter will be a strong quarter from a year-on-year standpoint, you have a follow up.
Christopher Danley: Yes, I mean, I guess would just be a follow on to the first question, this would be the lowest sequential guidance you guys have given in some time. So I guess why not? Why not guide for a seasonal or even close seasonal sequential guide?
Dave Pahl: Yes, it really Chris it is the best estimate that we have for our revenue for the quarter. And, again, I would describe it as, following a very strong first quarter. It will, it will be a strong quarter again. So okay, thank you. We'll go to the next caller.
Operator: And next we'll go to Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question. I want to talk about your inventory strategy. I know you have a strategy to build out inventory for customer service. I guess how do I reconcile that that with the fact that your inventory dollars are down, and you're still getting some pockets of lead time of extended weakens? Is that just a function of demand of the poles is just so strong you can't keep up? And I guess in that light, how do you parse the quality of those orders that you're getting? How do you know? Are you just having to just shipping whatever is being asked for at this point? And I guess, like what are the plans for loadings and inventories as we go into Q2, you're going to try to replenish the inventory that's been drained?
Rafael Lizardi: Now, so thanks for your question, Stacy. So first, let me step back and remind everyone inventory our objective there is to maintain high levels of customer service minimize, while we minimize obsolescence and improve manufacturing realization. And as you alluded in the question, we would prefer to have higher levels of inventory. In fact, what 60 days ago a day capital management strategy, we increased the target for inventory to 130 to 190 days up from 115, 145. Prior to that, so yes, we'd like to have more inventory. But in the current environment, we're focusing our capacity on fulfilling demand, not on building inventory, whenever things slowdown, which at some point that will, or and or as we increase capacity, which we are increasing capacity incrementally, we have them will continue to their to the balance of this year into the first half of next year. And then in the second half of next year, we will have a first output from our RFAB II as those things come together, then we will be able to build more inventory. I know you had a couple other parts of that question. But why don't you use your follow up for that if I missed something?
Stacy Rasgon: Okay, I'll use the follow up. So how are you parsing the quality of the orders that you're getting? Are you just skipping whatever is being ordered at this point?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, and I'm glad you I'm glad you chose that one as a follow up. I'll just highlight, as you know, we have moved away from distributors over the last couple years, really, it's been more of a 10 year process. But in the last few years, more, we pulled the trigger and actually no longer ship into too many distributors that we used to. And now we're going direct with, with a lot of our customers. To the point where, we exited last year with almost two thirds of our revenue, shipping direct, that has put us in a great position, particularly in the current environment. Because we have, we now have more direct access to those customers who have a better understanding of what they really need. We have, we don't have that intermediary in between frankly, clouding things up. As frankly as the way it happened a lot with the distributor. So, so then we use that information to better allocate our resources, both inventory, manufacturing, etcetera, in order to fulfill demand from our customers.
Dave Pahl: That's great. Thank you, Stacy. Now well go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And our next question will come from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon, guys. I think somebody asked the question, not original but a follow up to the June revenue guide. I'm just curious Rafael; you said did you would be growing supply sequentially from March to June. So the implication is, you might be able to build some inventory in your own balance sheet. I'm just curious, given how lean inventories are across the channel. Why would you wouldn't expect incremental supply that you bring on, not to be used by your customers and actually show sequential revenue growth?
Rafael Lizardi: I think you're getting a little new ones in that question and picking some of the things I said. Just I would you, we drain inventory fourth to first, right? So even if we're increasing output, that doesn't necessarily mean that we'll be able to build inventory. What I said earlier, you shouldn't take that as a statement that we're going to build inventory going into second quarter.
Rafael Lizardi: And I would add that we're going to add incremental inventory or incremental capacity through the balance of this year, and through the first half of this next year, until RFAB II comes on, which would be in the second half of 2022. So, you've got multiple pieces that are moving there. You have a follow on, John?
John Pitzer: Yes. Just it was nice to see in the March quarter embedded at least sequentially, growing faster than analog. And we've talked about this in the past, Dave, about kind of the growth there is kind of lag that of analog, do you feel like within the embedded market, you're turning the corner on it? Can you help us kind of understand how you guys see the design funnel there? And what the growth rate in that market might be beyond kind of the cyclical recovery?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, I'll give you a few comments on that. And, Dave, you want to follow up. But high level, we're pleased with the trajectory of embedded. We're still -- however, we're still in very early phases, right? As we have said before, our goal with embedded was first to stabilize embedded, make some changes that we have made and then leverage our competitive advantages that we have to -- have embedded headed in a better direction. And we're in the early phases, but we're pleased with those early results.
John Pitzer: Great. Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, John. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Moving on, we'll go to Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Dave, thanks for the color on lead times. I guess, in the hotspots, maybe 20% or so that's been impacted? Can you just give a sense of what you're seeing there? And maybe your sense of when you would expect that the lead times in certain areas has to normalize?
Dave Pahl: Yes. There's just a lot of moving pieces on that to correct that. I think it's probably premature to try to pick that. Our teams are obviously working very hard with customers to close those demand and fulfill those needs. So it really just based on technologies and packages and what those customer requirements are. You have a follow on?
Craig Hettenbach: Sure. Thanks. And then, personal electronics, up 50%. Year-over-year, I know there's been some nice tailwinds from work from home. Any more color in terms of some of the segments that you're seeing growth? And how you feel about that business for Q2?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So at a high level, what I'd say, we'll give color by end market, if there's something unusual going on. When we look out into a quarter, I can say that there's nothing unusual that we feel the need to call out. When we look back into first quarter, and really in the past few quarters in personal electronics, the demand that we've seen there has been very broad based, both by customer, really across the board that we've seen, as well as by sector. So -- and just as a reminder, in spite of personal electronics, we'll have things like handsets and tablets and personal computers, including laptops, televisions, smart speakers, those types of things. So it's a pretty broad category -- printers. So it's pretty broad categories. I think there is nine, ten different sectors that make up personal electronics. So -- and we've seen very strong demand across -- really across all of those.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. This is Rafael. I just want to go back to the question lead times. Earlier, several people asked about inventory. At the end of the day, things are going to be tied as long as demand is ahead of supply, things are going to be tied, lead times are going to be tied. But the key point here is we own our own manufacturing and technology, right? That is a key differentiator versus our competitors. It is one of our competitive advantages. So we are in a strategically -- in a unique strategic position to be able to have that control that inventory, be able to add to that capacity incrementally for the next year and a half or so. But then more significantly after that when RFAB II is built, and it starts to get equipped. So that's a big difference versus our competitors. It really puts us in a much better position to fulfill customer's demand, both short term and more importantly, over the long haul, as we continue to focus on industrial automotive, all those customers that are in those great spaces.
Dave Pahl: Good color. Yes. Thank you. Okay. We'll go to the next caller. Please.
Operator: Thank you. And that will come from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon, Thanks for answering my question. On the extended lead times maybe a different way to ask the question. You also asked about 20% of your wafer requirements, most of it is embedded and you outsource, 40% of your test and assembly. I'm just wondering if this is where you're seeing maybe more of the extended lead times just given the capacity as tight as your outsourced partners? Or is it across both internal and outsourced manufacturers?
Dave Pahl: Yes. It's not specifically there, Harlan. It really is more just based on technology or end market driven or package types. So, we've described it as hotspots. So it's kind of a combination of those things when we've got demand that is outstripping the short term supply. But back to Rafael's point. The fact that we do the majority of that assembly test in-house, most of our peers don't do that. Most of our peers have that assembly outside. So even that 60%, 70% is a very large number that we control and do in-house. Also, because we do 80% of our wafers in-house, we can expand that capacity incrementally. Also, we control the cost to a much higher degrees than our peers as well. And those are very important things in times like these. So its a tremendous advantage. On top of the fact that 300 millimeter, we're adding capacity. So it's coming in at structurally lower cost in addition to it. So, you have a follow on.
Harlan Sur: Yes. No. Thanks for the insights there. So good again to see the year-over-year momentum in the embedded business. And I know somebody tried to ask a question about this previously, but wondering if you could just -- I know you guys refocus some of the sub segments within embedded last year. Just wondering if you guys could give us a profile of embedded relative to the overall corporate profile? I mean, does it have the same end market exposure as the overall business? Or is it more skewed now towards one or particular end markets? And on a go forward basis like what end markets within embedded are you spending more R&D dollars?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So, I think that -- what the investments that we have in embedded, we have directed at the best growth opportunities. So, as we took a step back, we wanted to focus them into that direction. They are bias towards industrial and the automotive markets. The largest portion of our revenue are pointed in those two markets as well. We do have a little bit of revenue in communications enterprise and PE [ph] inside of that, but the majority of the revenue is in those two markets. So, again, as Rafael said, we're in the early stages. Our first objective was to get the revenue stabilized. So, we feel very good about the progress that we've made so far. And we're making the investments there because we believe embedded will be a great contributor to free cash flow growth over the long term. So, we believe that several years from now we'll look back and we'll be very pleased with the investments that we've made. We'll be very pleased with the free cash flow growth that embedded will have contributed to the company. So, okay. Thank you, Harlan. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. And that will come from Ambrish Srivastava with Bank of Montreal.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you very much. Just a question on the order patterns that you're seeing guys. Many of your peers have talked about no cancellations policies, facets of the business we haven't seen in -- and you could say never. But are you think that that customers are looking for commitments to capacity, and then as a result, you're having to change your clauses with the customers in terms of cancellation policy, or what have you. Are there any changes on that front?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So, we don't think that that's a good idea to go down that path to force customers to tell us what they need a year from now. I don't -- you can demand that they tell you what they need in April or May of 2022. But I can assure you, they don't know what they need a year from now. We really want to be in a position where we can supply them what they need, and be a supplier that they can count on as well. Our competitive advantage of manufacturing technology and owning controlling that our manufacturing asset also gives us control of our costs there. So we haven't been in a position where we've had to go in and raise prices as many of our other peers have. So -- and we believe that those two things combined are translating into share gains, right? So, when you look at the revenues in this quarter, we believe part of that is share gains. And I'll quickly also point out that. You got to measure that over time. So don't look at or measure it over just one quarter. But we do believe that will be something that will benefit us for a very long time to come. You have follow on, Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes, I do. Just quickly on the capacity and CapEx. So, intensity, we shouldn't be modeling a different intensity over the next few quarters, correct? We should be within the guidance range that you've given as you build the third Fab? And then, is that second half 2022 a pull in versus what you were expecting?
Rafael Lizardi: No, it's not a pull in. That's about where we've always expected. But now let me answer the first part of your question. As you as you know very well, you've been following us for a while. We talked about our guide for CapEx as percent of revenue at about 6%. We did that at the capital management strategy meeting. And that is -- that's a valid number over the long term. And it's just a model to help you think about our CapEx. But the reality is that in the short term for two, three years, we're going to run higher than that in absolute terms, and also the percent of revenue as we continue to invest both short term to get ahead of the current situation, but more importantly, longer term as we continue to strengthen our competitive advantage of having our own manufacturing technology, particularly 300 millimeter that as we talked about, provides such a great structural cost advantage in controlling our own manufacturing supply they've been is that early during this pandemic, and cycle has proven worthwhile.
Dave Pahl: Okay, Thank you, Ambrish. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. And that question will come from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Dave, I just -- I also wanted to ask about the guidance. I know there's some school of thought that because you control your supply chain, and that your model and inventory would sort of drive some share gains and some more upside given what's going on. And I know that you're typically conservative, and you have a very tough comp on Q1. But I wonder if maybe customers are not pulling your product because of shortages elsewhere? Because it just is, sitting there in consignment anyway, waiting for them? And I guess the question is, are you hearing that from any of your customers that they're not pulling due to shortages elsewhere? And maybe that's contributing somewhat to your June guidance?
Rafael Lizardi: Tim, we think that that probably goes on at any point. Though, we don't believe that that's going on at any significant level. So yes, we don't believe that that's a significant factor that's going on in second quarter. You have follow on?
Timothy Arcuri: Yes. I do. So I guess last, the same thing that I asked last quarter about the share repo. And I know that you guys always say that free cash flow only matters if it's returned. But you didn't buy back much again this quarter. It's like $130 million over the past nine months. And it's sort of seems like maybe a bit of a pattern now that it's three quarters in a row? So, and I know you have a pretty strong in trinsic value model for your stock. So can you just talk about that? Thanks.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, sure. No, thanks. First, stepping back, as you alluded to our goal, our objective is to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company over the long term. And if you look at our 15, 16 year history on that front, we have been returning all free cash flow and then some to the owners of the company. And we're going to continue doing that over time. Now over time -- over the long term. That means --that doesn't necessarily mean every quarter, certainly not every quarter, maybe not even every year, right? But over the long term, we're going to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. We do that through both dividends and buybacks. And there are different criteria that we look at for each of those, and we've talked about that.
Dave Pahl: Okay. We've got time for one more caller.
Operator: Thank you. And that question will come from Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you, and congratulations on the record revenues and earnings. First question. Dave or Rafael, could you just step back just looking at the last 90 days, what is it exactly that changed this last quarter? Did orders continue to accelerate? Does the capacity situation ease? Maybe just walk through exactly what changed?
Rafael Lizardi: I'll give you a few comments. Not sure if I have -- perhaps what you're looking for. But demand continues to be strong. We're still in a environment where demand exceeds supply capacity. Now, of course, our revenue has continued growing in that environment, and both year-on-year clearly, but also sequentially, right? And we are incrementally adding capacity while we do that. We're also in the -- while we have done that we have over this entire cycle, we have focused on making the company stronger, right? So we have back, if you look at the first phase of this pandemic, back in February or March, when everybody was pulling back, we built through that cycle. So that was a tactical decision enabled by our strategic position of our focus on industrial automotive, on catalog part with low risk, obsolescence, so we're able to build through that cycle. And be prepared for the other side, once demand started returning pretty quickly as it turned out. We also -- as we did that we also gain a strategic ground, focusing on auto and industrial. So you've seen how we have grown in those phases. And while we have done that we have invested for the long term. And that's invested in competitive advantages, the most obvious one is manufacturing technology. We already talked about that here. But there's also our product portfolio, right? We continue to strengthen the R&D in the best basis. And then the other one is free to have channels, which we really haven't talked about today much. But we continue to strengthen that and may be the most obvious one is the other comp, and everything we're doing there to support our customers with very, very high availability, in fact, immediate availability in a lot of cases with many parts, that's inventory there for customers to buy direct from us on the other comp.
Dave Pahl: You have a follow on, Tore?
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you. So your operating margin, I think was just very shy of a record 45.2%. Rafael, in the past, you've talked about OpEx kind of being between 20% and 30% of revenue. Now that -- it's pretty obvious that there's so much demand out there and that it's sustainable. Is it safe to say that OpEx ratio is going to change going forward and maybe stay at 20% to 25%?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So what I will tell you on that is in the short term, we run OpEx on a trailing 12 month basis at about $3.2 billion. That's not going to change much in the short term, right? Because it doesn't need to. Right? We feel very good about those investments, we feel very good about where they're going. They're long term in nature. Clearly in R&D, but also, part of SG&A is, is, the telecom example, that's, we think of as an investment, of course, even those its in SG&A. So we I don't see that number, in the short term changing much, but over the long term, over many years, the guidance that we have given you of 20% to 25% still apply. So, so you should still think of it in those terms.
Rafael Lizardi: Okay, so I think that was the last one. So let me go ahead and wrap up by reiterating what we have said previously, that our core were engineers and technology is the foundation of our company. But ultimately, our objective and best metric to measure progress and generate long term value for owners is the growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objective, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions; we will act like owners who will own the company for decades, we will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing. And we will be a company that we're personally proud to be a part of and would want us our neighbour. And we're successful. Our employees, customers, communities and owners all benefit. Thank you and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. We'd like to thank everyone for their participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to today's Texas Instruments Q4 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn things over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and 2020 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TIs Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TIs results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the Notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TIs most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. First, let me provide some information that's important for your calendars. We plan to hold a call to review our capital management on February 4 at 10 a.m. Central time. Similar to what we've done in the past, Rafael and I will summarize our progress and provide some insight into our business and approach to capital allocation. For todays call, let me start by summarizing what Rafael and I will be reviewing. First, I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter. And next, I'll provide insight into fourth quarter revenues results. And as we have done in the past few quarters, well provide details by end market, including sequential performance, since it's more informative at this time. I will also provide the annual summary of revenue breakout by end markets. And lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results, some insight into the one-time items and our guidance for the first quarter of 2021. So, starting with a quick overview of the fourth quarter. The company's revenue increased 7% sequentially and 22% year-over-year, driven by strong demand in automotive, personal electronics and the industrial markets. Analog revenue grew 9%, and Embedded grew 11% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Analog revenue grew 25% and Embedded grew 14%. Our Other segment grew 4% from a year ago quarter. Moving on, I'll now provide some insight into our fourth quarter revenue by end market. First, the automotive market continued its rebound following the second quarter bottom, with 19% sequential growth and 25% year-over-year growth. The industrial market was up 7% sequentially and 16% from the year ago. The strength was seen across most market sectors. Personal electronics was up 11% sequentially and up 39% compared to a year ago. The strength was broad-based across sectors and customers within personal electronics. Next, as expected, communications equipment was down 28% sequentially and down 8% from the year ago. Enterprise systems was down 2% sequentially and down 13% from the year ago. And lastly, as we do at the end of each calendar year, I'll describe our revenue by end market for 2020. We break our end markets into six categories that are grouped by their life cycles and market characteristics. The six end markets are industrial, automotive, personal electronics, which includes products such as mobile phones, PCs, tablets and TVs, communications equipment, enterprise systems, and other, which is primarily calculators. As a percentage of revenue for the year, industrial was 37%, automotive 20%, personal electronics 27%, communications equipment 8%, enterprise systems 6%, and other was 2%. Looking at the changes versus 2019, industrial increased one percentage point, automotive declined 1%, personal electronics increased 4 percentage point, communications equipment declined 3 percentage point, enterprise systems was even, and other declined one percentage point. In 2020, industrial and automotive combined made up 57% of TI's revenue, about even with last year, and up from 42% in 2013. We see good opportunities in all of our markets, but we place additional strategic emphasis on industrial and automotive. Our industrial and automotive customers are increasingly turning to analog and embedded technology to make their end products smarter, safer, more connected and more efficient. These trends have resulted and will continue to result in growing chip content per application, which will drive faster growth compared to our other markets. Rafael, will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.6 billion, or 65% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit increased primarily due to higher revenue. Gross profit margin increased 230 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $786 million, down 2% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 22% of revenue. For the year, we have invested $1.5 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. Were pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D, which we believe will allow us to continue to grow our top-line over the long term. Acquisition charges, a noncash expense, were $47 million in the fourth quarter. Acquisition charges will remain at about this level through the third quarter of 2021. Operating profit was $1.8 billion, or 44% of revenue. Operating profit was up 45% from the year ago quarter.  Other income and expense was $162 million in the quarter due to a one-time benefit related to the signing of a multi-year royalty agreement. Net income in the fourth quarter was $1.7 billion, or $1.80 per share, which included a $0.16 benefit that was not in our prior outlook, primarily due to the royalty agreement we just mentioned. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $2.1 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $212 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.5 billion, down 5% from a year ago. In the quarter, we paid $937 million in dividends. We have increased our dividend per share by 13%, marking our 17th year of dividend increases. We repurchased $15 million of our own stock for a total return of cash to owners in the fourth quarter of about $1 billion. For the year 2020, we returned $6 billion, consistent with our strategy to return all free cash flow to our owners. Over the same period, our dividend represented 62% of free cash flow, underscoring its sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $6.6 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the fourth quarter. Total debt was $6.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.77%. Inventory days were 123, down 21 days from a year ago, and down 14 days sequentially. Now, let's look at some of these results for the year. In 2020, cash flow from operations was $6.1 billion. Capital expenditures were $649 million, or 4.5% of revenue. Free cash flow for 2020 was $5.5 billion, or 38% of revenue. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we have said, we believe that growth of free cash flow per share is the primary driver of long-term value. And after accretive investments in the business, the remaining cash will be returned over time via dividends and share repurchases. Over the last 12 months, we paid $3.4 billion in dividends and purchased $2.6 billion of our shares, reducing outstanding share count by 1.4% in 2020. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.79 billion to $4.11 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.44 to $1.66. We expect our 2021 annual operating tax rate to continue to be about 14% and our effective tax rate about a percentage point lower than that. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, broad product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best market opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first today to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon guys. Thanks for letting me ask the questions. Congratulations on the solid results. David, Rafael, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about just the current demand backdrop. I mean, clearly, we are hearing about lead time stretching out in the semi industry, many of your peers are talking about raising pricing. I guess, specifically to you guys, can you help us understand what your lead times are doing? What you guys are thinking about doing around pricing? And I guess more importantly, given your inventory strategy and the fact that you ran your fabs a little bit fuller last year, do you think the current results represent your ability to gain some incremental share as some of your peers just are having a harder time supplying customers right now?
Dave Pahl : Yes, John, let me take  you covered a lot of ground with that first question. So, let me take some pieces of it. Rafael if you want to add anything and if I miss anything, John, we'll give you a chance for the follow-up. But the first one is certainly we've read the same reports, and seeing the same releases from our peers on the supply constraints in raising prices. The short answer  we doing that, the short answer is no. And, I think, that that brings us to one of our foundational competitive advantages is manufacturing and technology, and that really provides two benefits. One, is the obvious, which is lower cost; but the second is greater control of our supply chain. So, it's really times like this and really throughout 2020, that greater control of your supply chains really becomes a great advantage.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, I will just add on the inventory angle of your question, John. Remember our long-term objective for inventory, as we have talked about in many capital management calls is to maintain high levels of customer service, while we minimize inventory obsolescence. Now, part of the reason we can do that is that we are strategically positioned the way we run the company, our business model and competitive advantages where we  our parts are mainly catalog parts that sell into industrial and automotive. Our focus is on those with very long product life cycle, so we can build inventory ahead of demand, we can position that inventory well that served us well in 2020 and will continue to serve us well from a business model standpoint in order to maintain those high levels of customer service with our customers. So, I think, we got most of the pieces, John, you have a follow-up or other pieces we can touch on?
John Pitzer: Yes, just a quick follow-up Rafael. Rafael, I know you don't specifically guide gross margins, but I was wondering if you give us some parameters around OpEx for the next couple of quarters. I mean, we're heading into strong cyclical recovery in revenue off of what was kind of an unusual expense year last year with COVID. And so, as we think about the March quarter, can you help us kind of frame the period costs around SG&A and R&D that we should be thinking about? And if you want to give us a gross margin target, that would be great. But I know you tend to avoid that. 
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, on a gross margin like we have said before, just think of 70% to 75% fall through. So, you figure out what revenue, incremental revenue you want to play in and just follow that through at 70% to 75% and you'll get a good place over the long-term right, any one quarter can be a little higher to the lower, right.  On OpEx, we talked about we can operate between 20% and 25%. In the last three or four years, we have been between 21% and 22% pretty much, right. So, I don't mean to narrow that phrase, but that's where we've been running and I would expect to stay somewhere in that neighborhood.
Dave Pahl: Between 20% and 25%?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes between 20% and 25%.
Dave Pahl: Right. Okay. Thank you, John. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: That will come from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. Congratulations on the strong growth. Just wanted to follow-up on the demand question. And I'm curious, even if you are able to supply because of your very strong, strategic capacity, do you think your customers, especially on the automotive side, might be constrained with other parts of the bill of materials that they get from others and maybe those become bottlenecks? I'm just trying to reconcile the very strong demand backdrop that we are hearing from your results and your outlook, versus all the news around auto supply chains facing more constraints. What is the true sense of kind of supply and demand across your customer base would be very helpful to hear your views?
Dave Pahl: Sure Vivek. Yes, I think, that's a great question. We see the same reports that you are seeing. And, I think, the best way to maybe describe what we're seeing in the automotive market is a just in time supply chain that's restarting from essentially a full stop that happened in second quarter. And just as a reminder, what we saw in third quarter was a 75% sequential increase followed by this last quarter with a 20% sequential increase. So, what I'll say is, is that those reports are fairly widespread, but we aren't seeing demand signals that would show us that there is anything that's consistent with any of those constraints that you are pointing out or that are in press releases. Do you have a follow on?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thank you, Dave. Good to see the growth in the Embedded segment and I know you made some changes in that business last year. Do you think we will start to see the benefits of that in 2021, because they also tend to be somewhat stickier markets, so I'm just curious if you could give us an update on what are you doing specifically to regain market share? And do you think we can start to see your Embedded business start to grow in line with your Analog business this year? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yes. I'll give you a feel on those ones. So first, we're pleased with the progress we're seeing in Embedded. Our plan has called to first stabilize the business and then start to prove that we can resume our long-term consistent growth. We're leveraging our competitive advantages, particularly building a broad-based, a more diverse product portfolio that can then deliver long-term sustainable growth. I think it was in second quarter of 2020 where we announced, where we had a restructuring charge related to Embedded and we reallocated resources from some product lines, increased investments, some  we decreased other side about the same and we're seeing the beginning of that stabilization on that front. Okay. Thank you for that. Now we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We will hear next from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. Dave, just following up on your comments around autos, and particularly the just-in-time inventory angle, certainly 2020 was a challenging year for the supply chain and we're dealing with some of those repercussions now. But do you think you'll see some changes to that over time in terms of how they operate from an inventory perspective or something that, it might be difficult for the next couple of quarters, but kind of gets back to that just-in-time?
Dave Pahl: Yes, Craig. I don't want to speak for our customers or how they're managing their inventories. I think as you've seen us and how we've managed our business and our operations. Weve just worked very hard to try to have capacity in place to support our customer's needs. You saw the decisions that we made earlier in the year to try to keep high service and optionality in place. And we'll just continue to try to support our customer's needs, whatever their supply chains look like so and whether that's in the automotive market or the other market. So we will try to make them happy. That's what we're trying to do. Do you have follow-on?
Craig Hettenbach: I do thanks. And then just looking at Analog up 25% year-over-year, I know that comes off of a difficult year and coming out of a down cycle. And so that's some of it, but just curious at a high-level just to get your thoughts of just the type of strength you're seeing and how you feel about what the demand is out there?
Dave Pahl: Can you clarify that a little bit for me, Craig? Just so I make sure I answer the right question.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. So just with the Analog business up 25% year-over-year, that's coming off of an easy comp, if you will, coming out of the down cycle, so I think that's some of it. But just curious, I know in some of these calls you talked about just your view of just, our supply and demand equilibrium, or how you feel like demand is relative to how your businesses is trending right now?
Dave Pahl: Well. Yes. I think that when you look at where that business is, I think that we've just come through a  from a cyclical indicators and those types of things. You'd even have to go back to 2018 when the industry had reached the cyclical peak then you throw-in, sprinkle on top. COVID-19 and it was really at the beginning of -- or at the end of last year, the beginning of 2020 that we had begun to seeing signs of stabilization before COVID had hit. So, inventories really weren't a problem at that point in time. And we had said at that point in time that our shipments were beginning to reflect what customers were beginning to ship overall. So again, I think that what we are shipping today is reflective of what customers are asking us to ship. We have a good availability of product, because of the decisions that we've made. And our lead-times have remained stable. That doesn't mean, of course that we don't have hotspots that we're working. And we always have hotspots, but that's kind of where we are today. Thank you, Craig. And we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: We will hear next from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Congratulations on the strong execution. Amidst the strong demand environment, as we all know, foundry capacity is pretty tight both leading edge and lagging edge. And I know that TI outsources about 20% of its wafer requirements most of it with your embedded products, MPUs, MCUs. So because of the foundry tightness, is the team also somewhat constrained on your Embedded products either Q4 or here in Q1 and also the same thing from an assembly and test perspective, or I think about 40% of your assembly and test requirements are outsourced to the sub-cost. Is this constraining, maybe some of your shipments near term?
Dave Pahl: At a high-level, we have long-term agreements with these suppliers like we do with other suppliers. Even though we only outsource relatively small part of our loadings. We're still being a big company thats still a good amount of loadings raise. So we still get some decent leverage. So we're seeing some hotspots here and there, but to the largest degree we're getting what we need.
Harlan Sur: Yes.
Rafael Lizardi: And I would say, having 80% of our wafer sourced internally, almost all of our analogs sourced internally and that is a great advantage for us. So overall, as we've talked about the lead times, lead times have remained stable. So that has been a huge advantage for us. Do you have a follow-on Harlan?
Harlan Sur: Yes, absolutely. Yes. Thanks for the insights there. Can you guys just provide us with the shipment trends quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year by geography? I know it's shipped to location, but I think it's still useful to kind of understand the breadth of the overall demand profile you guys are seeing ?
Rafael Lizardi: Sure. So, in the quarter and thank you for the preamble there, so I won't repeat it. But year ago, Asia was up and all of the other regions were either flat or down and sequentially all the regions except for the U.S. were up. And just as another point of color on where we ship our products, 90% of our revenues come from shipments outside of the U.S. and we've got about 20% of our revenues that are based by customers in China. So just a little bit more color on the comment that you made there earlier. So thank you, Harlan. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Well hear now from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Rafael, I guess I asked this question last quarter too, but you, again bought back next to no stock, and I totally get that you were running a -- kind of a plan in the first half, and you were certainly a head of the 100% for the full-year, but you also have a pretty strong intrinsic value model for the share repo and you were pretty good at buying back the stock. So I guess maybe I'll ask you again to just sort of comment on that. Is there anything that we can read into that, given that it's the second quarter in a row?
Rafael Lizardi: You know, what I would tell you is that as we talk about doing capital management, our goal is to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. We generated in 2020; $5.5 billion of free cash flow and we generated $6 billion of free cash flow, so clearly well above the cash flow generation. So following...
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. And then I guess, yes, yes, yes, I do. I guess, can you give us an update on the 300 millimeter, the new FAB and sort of the timing around that, and I guess on that, can you qualify for some of these subsidies coming from the government or is that mostly going to be leading edge? Things.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, sure. So the update on the factory is the same, nothing has changed as far as our expectation. The new factory is being built. We expected to be completed in 2022; so next year. In fact, we should have some form  some level of output in the second half of next year. So that's all going in as per plane. When it's fully equipped, it has the potential for revenue of about $5 billion per year. On your question on the incentives that a lot of that remains to be seen, there are two legislations, one, one that was approved, but was not funded; another one hasn't been approved. The chips, I think is the one that hasn't been approved, but the one that was approved was not even funded, so  and there's a lot of uncertainties on that depending on how that comes out. So when that comes out, we'll look at it and we'll decide if it makes sense for us. But the biggest or the highest level we think semi-conductor is a foundational technology and anything that the government can do to strengthen that and to keep us at a level playing field companies in the United States versus other countries that would be a good.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Tim. And I think we've got time for one more caller, please.
Operator: That will come from Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you and congratulations on the results. First question for Rafael, I typically wouldn't ask you this because I know you get a lot of these, but the royalty this quarter was pretty material $162 million. Can you maybe add any color on that and should we expect sizeable things like that going forward as well?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So it was about, inside that $162 million, it was more  most of that $162 million and we recognize it based on accounting rules. The cash actually comes in, not quite like that. It comes in over time, but it's just  it's a licensing agreement. We've had those for many years. They have become the minimums in the  at the highest level, frankly. So I don't expect that to change from a cash standpoint is about $100 million a year. So from the revenue or the income recognition standpoint, sometimes they come in as pops as what you saw, but they've passed, which is really what matters is more stable than that. And again, like I said, it's about $100 million a year and I don't expect that to change much.
Dave Pahl: Yes, follow-on Tore?
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you, Dave. So I know your long-term goal is to grow CapEx at 6%  well to spend 6% of your revenues and CapEx. I think last year you said it was 4.5%; was there sort of any COVID related issues that slowed things down? And as we look at 2021, do you think it will come in close to that, that, that range sort of 6%?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So I'll go ahead and take that. So, yes, our guidance is 6%. Our guidance continues to be 6% CapEx has presented revenue. That's a long-term guidance includes everything that goes into CapEx as far as building and equipment. Now of course that number can fluctuate, right? Like you pointed out, it just  it just fluctuated down in 2020 to 4.5%. So I wouldn't be surprised if it is a little higher than 6% for a year or two, but for your models I would suggest you stick with 6% out into the future. It's just  it's simpler that way, and it gets the point across.
Tore Svanberg: Okay. Thank you so much.
Rafael Lizardi: Thank you, Tore.
Dave Pahl: That concludes the call. So let me finish with a few comments and key items that we believe deeply. First, we run the company with the mindset of being a long-term owner. We believe that growth of free cash flow per share is the primary driver of long-term value. Our ambitions and values are integral to how we built TI stronger. When we're successful in achieving these ambitions, our employees, customers, communities, and shareholders, all win. Okay. And thank you all for joining us. The replay of this call will be available shortly on our website. Good evening.
Operator: And again, that will conclude today's conference. Thank you all for joining us.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-20 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments 3Q 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is now [ph] being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi, is with me today, and will provide the following updates. First, I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter; next, I'll provide insight into the third quarter revenue results with more details than usual by end market, including some sequential performance since it's more informative at this time; and then lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results, capital management, and our guidance for the fourth quarter of 2020. Let me start with a quick overview with three key points. Revenue was higher than expected and grew 18% sequentially, with notable strength from the rebound of automotive and growing demand from personal electronics. Revenue increased 1% from the same quarter a year ago. In April and again in July, we explained we would maintain high optionality with our operating plan so we could support customers, particularly during a time when their ability to forecast will be limited. This approach has served us and our customers well and we'll continue this posture in the fourth quarter. Finally, while visibility for the near-term demand has improved, we remain cautious as the broader economic impact of the global pandemic could continue for several years. Our approach in an environment like this is to maintain high optionality with our operating plan in the short term, to continue critical investments in R&D and in new capabilities like those for ti.com, and finally, to invest to ensure long-term manufacturing capacity, particularly for the 2022 to 2025 timeframe. We've made these decisions with our overall ambitions in mind, which include running the company with the mindset of a long-term owner. These decisions have continued to serve us well. Looking at our segments, Analog grew 18% and Embedded Processing grew 19% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Analog grew 7% and Embedded Processing declined 10%. Our Other segment declined 19% from a year ago, primarily due to lower calculator sales or COVID-19 impacted back-to-school sales. Moving on, I'll now provide some insight into our third quarter revenue by end market. First, the automotive market rebounded with about 75% sequential growth and returned to levels similar to a year ago. Revenue has grown from the bottom we saw in May as North American and European automotive assembly plants resumed operations. Next, the industrial market was down low single-digits sequentially, roughly a sequential decline and about even from a year ago. Not surprisingly, there were areas of strength and there were areas of weakness. The diversity within industrial results in relative stability, reinforcing the attractiveness of this highly diverse market. Personal electronics was up more than 20% sequentially and up about 15% compared to a year ago. The strength was broad-based across personal electronics, combined with TI being in a position to support unforecasted demand in the third quarter. Next, comms equipment was down about mid-single-digits sequentially and up mid-single-digits from a year ago and enterprise systems was down both comparisons. Lastly, I'll note a housekeeping item. We've simplified our Analog business structure into our power business and our signal chain business. Starting this quarter, our reporting will reflect these changes. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management, and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave and good afternoon, everyone. Third quarter revenue was $3.8 billion, up 1% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.5 billion, or 64% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit margin decreased 60 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $793 million, up 2% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 23% of revenue. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.5 billion in R&D. Operating profit was $1.6 billion in the quarter, or 42% of revenue. Operating profit was up 1% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the third quarter was $1.4 billion, or $1.45 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $146 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.2 billion. In September, we announced we would increase our dividend by 13%, marking our 17th consecutive year of dividend increases. In the quarter, we paid $825 million in dividends and repurchased $15 million of our stock. In total, we have returned $6.4 billion in the past 12 months, or 123% of free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 64% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $5.5 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the third quarter. Regarding inventory, TI inventory dollars were down $64 million from the prior quarter, and days were 137. Distribution-owned inventory declined in the third quarter by about $100 million, the eighth consecutive quarter of planned reductions, as we have continued the transition to have fewer distributors and bring more customers direct. As a reminder, as we build closer, direct relationships with our customers, we further strengthened one of our competitive advantages, the reach of our market channels. Tactically and strategically, we are pleased with the progress of the transition and the impact for our customers. For the fourth quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.41 billion to $3.69 billion and earnings per share in the range of $1.20 to $1.40. Our annual operating tax rate has not changed much, but now rounds up to 14% for the year, and that's what you should use for your models in the fourth quarter. For next year, we expect our annual operating tax rate to remain at about 14%. In closing, we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantages and in making our business stronger. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible the opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go ahead and take our first question from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Good afternoon and thanks for taking the question. Rafael, Dave, my first question is on automotive. You guys saw very strong results in the September quarter. I think you spoke to a 75% sequential increase in revenue in the automotive end market. What's your view on December as it relates to automotive? And how are you thinking about sustainability into the early part of 2021? And then I've got a quick follow-up. Thanks.
Dave Pahl: Sure, Toshiya. Yes, I think that, that 75% sequential obviously was very strong, but it's probably best explained at looking at the previous quarter. And as we talked about last quarter, the majority of the automotive revenue is on consignment. So as the North American and European manufacturers had closed plants, that revenue reacted very quickly and we were down 40% sequentially and year-on-year, and so as those factories opened up, we saw the bottom in May. And we expected revenue to grow, and as they opened up, obviously, that revenue reacted very quickly in the other direction. So that's really the story that we saw in third quarter. Again, as we've given color last quarter on the automotive market and talked about how that was moving pretty significantly in the fourth quarter, we're not breaking out any particular end market or specific color on that front. So there's not a reason to as we look into the fourth quarter. So, you have a follow-on?
Toshiya Hari: I do. Thanks, Dave. My follow-up question is on gross margins in Q3. Rafael, you mentioned that gross margins were down 60 basis points on a year-over-year basis. And I was just trying to better understand what the puts and takes were. Overall revenue, I think, was up 1%. Your mix of businesses improved with Analog up 7% year-over-year, embedded processing down 10%. And 12-inch versus eight, and so I'm guessing, 12-inch was up year-over-year. So I'm just trying to understand what the negatives were on a year-over-year basis that drove gross margins down a little bit. But I appreciate you guys don't run your business for gross margin, but just curious. Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, no, happy to answer that. So yeah, on a year-on-year basis, revenue was up 1%. Gross margin dollars were up, but a little less than that, maybe 0.5% or so. So -- but when you're looking at such a big number that then the delta is so small, it's difficult to look at the pull-through like we normally look at it, right? So in the big scheme of things, revenue was up a little bit and gross margin dollars were up a little bit. But having said that, I would also point out that the mix of personal electronics revenue was higher in third quarter than it's been what it was the same quarter last year or even second quarter.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thanks, Toshiya. And well go to next caller please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thank you. Maybe just a follow-up on the last point on the strength in personal electronics. Really, as you look out to Q4, Dave, how do you feel about inventory versus end demand sell-through? And then as part of that and perhaps other segments as well, how you think about Huawei in terms of perhaps last shipments there and how you're seeing that as you go forward?
Rafael Lizardi: Let me go ahead and start, and then Dave can address the Huawei question or anything else. But at the highest level, we are very well-positioned to handle whatever comes at us, whether it's personal electronics or any other market. But personal electronics is one that by having the inventory strategy that we have followed, having that optionality that we have talked about for now, 180 days or so, the last two quarterly releases has put us in a really, really good position. Now that is not just having that kind of tactical strategy, it's also -- or tactical position. It's also having the strategic position of being the supplier of catalog parts that are highly diversified, that sell to many, many customers. We have over 100,000 different customers, sell 80,000 different parts. So it put us in a position where we can build the inventory, have the asymmetric bet, so that if our revenue's strong, we can support it. If it's not, then we hold inventory a little longer than usual. But that's okay, it's just a little working capital. With that, I also want to make the point that inventory, we think, very -- it's a strategic asset. As we have talked about earlier, we're comfortable holding high levels of inventory. And in fact, we're going to update, we're going to give you an update on our range on inventory at the next capital management call in February. Dave?
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yeah, I'll make the comment on Huawei. So Huawei was about 2% of our revenue in the third quarter. That was a little higher than what they were in the first half of 2020. So certainly we're in compliance with U.S. export restrictions and stopped shipping to them on September 14th, and they are not included in our fourth quarter revenue guidance. So do you have a follow-on, Craig?
Craig Hettenbach: Sure. No, thanks for all the color there. I guess, just how you think about as the business rebounds, just from an OpEx perspective, any puts and takes there for Q4 and into next year?
Rafael Lizardi: Nothing significant that I would point to. In OpEx, of course, R&D is a big part of that. It's about $1.5 billion a year. That's a big component of our competitive advantage of having the broadest portfolio in the industry. We continue to put out some of the best products, catalog products that go into automotive, industrial, personal electronics, communication market. So, we'll continue to strengthen that advantage. Another one that goes in OpEx in the G&A portion -- in the SG&A portion is the investment that we're making in ti.com to strengthen the reach of our channels. So, we continue to strengthen that tool, that ability to reach channels, reach customers better and keeping them engaged longer and selling more and more products to those customers. So at the highest level, OpEx has been running $3.1 billion, $3.2 billion a year on a trailing 12-month basis. I would expect for that to run at above that level, maybe over time up 1% or 2% year-on-year, but in that neighborhood.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you. And well go to the next caller please?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. So the first one, I wanted to touch on the strength from PE. I wanted to know, if you can give us a little more color on how much of that would be PCs versus smartphones? I know that you had talked about some of that strength coming from your ability to satisfy unexpected demand. I assume that was maybe more a PC statement, but any color you could give us on sort of the relative mix and growth of those two sub-end markets would be helpful.
Dave Pahl: Yes, Stacy, I'd say that as the pandemic first started back in March and even in last quarter, a lot of the strength was initially driven by PCs and tablets. But we have seen that strength broaden, so even to TVs and smart speakers and other things that are used in the home. So, our best estimate or guesstimate of what's going on is that as people are spending more time at home, they're upgrading the things that they're using more. So, that spend is broadening beyond just the PC. And as Rafael was talking about, our portfolio of products serves us well and puts us in a position to be able to support that demand. Do you have a follow-on?
Stacy Rasgon: I do. Thank you. So I know, you're talking about continuing to hold high inventory levels and maintaining high service into Q4 and beyond, and I get that. I just want to know if you could give us any color on what that implies for your utilization and loading going forward. I'm assuming your utilization was up sequentially in Q2 -- in Q3, I mean. Please let us know if that was the case? And what are your plans for utilization, factory loadings as we go into Q4 and the end of the year?
Rafael Lizardi: Sure. So Stacy, as you know, we only talk about utilization when there's a big inflection point or something unusual. So we did talk about it in April going into second quarter because most people -- most other vertical competitors decreased their loading. And instead, we kept them flat at that point to first quarter to maintain that option, to have that optionality that frankly has served us tremendously well during these last six months. Since second quarter, we have biased up our loadings, so we did that from second to third, a little higher. And third and going to fourth, we'll probably bias that up -- we are biasing that up higher. It's nothing significant. But it is biased up, so that we maintain that optionality and we can maximize revenue and support our customers with any potential upsides that they have that are -- also, that would be unsupported otherwise.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Stacy. Well go to the next caller please?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I guess my first question is on the share buyback. It was quite small, even lower than in the depths of the financial crisis back in 2008. Yet your business has already snapped back a lot. What's the thinking there? You've always been pretty astute about the intrinsic value of your stock, so how should investors sort of read that? Thanks.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. No, first, let me step back and remind everybody how we think about cash returns. And we talk about this during capital management every year in February and when we meet with investors. But when we think about cash returns, the objective there is to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company via buybacks and dividends. We use both. And if you look at in the last -- on a trailing 12-month basis, which is the best way to look at that, we have generated $5.2 billion of free cash flow and have returned $6.4 billion. So $1.2 billion more than the generation, so well ahead of the generation, the return has been. Do you have a follow-up?
Timothy Arcuri: I did, I did. So I wanted to double-click just a little bit on the drop-through in Analog. It seemed like the drop-through in embedded was fine, but you're still a little below where the op margin was back in sort of the late 2018 time frame at sort of similar levels. Is there something going on with mix? Is that maybe the PE mix that you were talking about before within Analog? Thanks.
Rafael Lizardi: There's nothing unusual there to comment. Clearly, analog is the biggest segment that we have. So anything that we would comment at the company level applies -- likely came from analog. And they have a fair amount of PE impact, a disproportionate amount of personal electronics, given that embedded doesn't have much personal electronics, so yes.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Yes. And embedded is essentially industrial and automotive for the most part. Probably 90% of those two. So that's where that growth would come from. So thank you Tim and well go to the next caller please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Great job on the quarterly execution. Can you guys just give us the quarter-on-quarter and year-over-year trajectories by geography? I know they're just shipped to locations, but I think it's still useful as a proxy for demand and overall economic activity, just depending on the breadth of the participation?
Dave Pahl: Sure, Harlan. Yes. A year ago, Asia was up and all of the other regions were down. And sequentially, all of the regions were up, and Japan was down. Do you have a follow-on?
Harlan Sur: Yes. So you guys mentioned last quarter that there may have been some industrial customers that were building some inventory to potentially buffer against future supply chain disruptions and just prudent business continuity planning. Did you guys continue to see that in Q3? Or are these customers starting to work down these inventories, or just sustaining the higher levels as we head into the winter months and flu season?
Dave Pahl: Yes. And, Harlan, I think our comments last quarter were one, just more of an observation of history in our industry, that basically it's taught us that whenever we've seen supply constraints, that customers react by building some inventory. So it's just our belief that it would be naive that this would be the first time that, that wouldn't happen, right? So, I think, that those supply constraints in our industry still exist. So to that extent, that could still be the case. And now our lead times have remained stable. Our product availability is still very high. I think today, you can go to ti.com and get immediate availability of over 40,000 different devices. And that doesn't mean that we don't have pockets of delivery problems. We'll always have that at any time. But, overall, our lead times are very solid. And availability is high, but that's not true for the industry. So, yes, I think it just would be naive to believe that, that wouldn't be the case. So thank you, Harlan. Well go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask some questions. Congratulations on the solid results. David, if you look at kind of your guidance over the last two quarters, it looks like you sort of rightfully discounted kind of what the bottoms-up bookings was telling us. You said as much when you guided for the June quarter. And just given the magnitude of beat in September, it kind of feels the same way. And that to me seems to make sense in the midst of a global pandemic. I'm just kind of curious, you're guiding the December quarter to plus or minus about seasonal, inclusive of what sounds like a 200 basis point headwind from Huawei. But, I guess, I could argue maybe phone builds started a little bit later this year that should help December. I guess, as you forecast the December quarter, was seasonal kind of the metric you were going for? And are you discounting kind of your bottoms-up in the December quarter as much in hindsight as you did in June and September?
Dave Pahl: Yes. No, I think, you've covered a lot of good points, John. And like you point out, in any quarter there's puts and takes. You've got the headwind of Huawei. We've got the unwind of the distributor program, which in fact we've actually wound that up this past quarter, and just with the growing demand and the inventory needs and positions that we've essentially completed that. So we depleted about, as Rafael, I think mentioned, about $100 million worth of inventory in that quarter. So you've always got puts and takes. But I'll tell you that the most important thing that we see and the most important input that we get is the demand that our customers tell us they want. And we get that from the orders in the backlog that our customers provide us as well as demand fees that we get through consignment. And so that is really what drives and informs the outlook that we provide. So you have a follow-on, John?
John Pitzer: Yes. Dave, it's fair to say that there's been nothing typical this year, but you and I have talked about this in the past. If you look at the year-over-year growth discrepancy between analog and embedded, it's fairly wide. And I'm wondering now that we're 90 days more into this kind of difference in year-over-year growth, is there a good explanation in your mind? And importantly as we look forward, when do you expect the embedded business to kind of catch up to analog on a year over year basis?
Dave Pahl: Yes, sure. I think that certainly, the embedded business isn't performing the way that we would want it to over the last multiple quarters. And I think that if you look over the most recent quarter here, certainly we're encouraged by the progress or the numbers that, that would show. But we've been working very hard on turning that business around and getting it performing like we would like it to be performing. And we're making investments there because we believe that it will be a great contributor in the coming years. So -- and so we're busy building that business stronger, and -- but it will take time. And success in that business will be not measured over this quarter or even over a couple of quarters, but will be measured over time. So thank you for that, John. And with that, we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. I wanted to follow-up on that same last question of John's on the embedded side of things. Dave, last quarter where embedded was sequentially weak and year-over-year weak, you talked about the over-indexing to automotive and industrial. But given that automotive was up 75% sequentially, I'm a little surprised embedded was basically the same as analog from a sequential perspective. Were there some offsets in that business? I know you said industrial was down a little bit, but it doesn't seem like it would be enough to offset that over-indexing on the -- excuse me, on the Automotive side?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Well, embedded grew a little faster than analog. And essentially just as last quarter as you pointed out Ross, that it didn't have any offsets to the business. Essentially, all you have left is industrial. So it's those two end markets. And so with the return of revenue, it's performing about the same as analog is. So those are the two -- those are really the two components driving that.
Rafael Lizardi: So it doesn't have nearly as much PE or in fact hardly any PE, personal electronics. And personal electronics was a big contributor to growth in third quarter, sequential growth.
Dave Pahl: That's right. That's right. Do you have a follow-on?
Ross Seymore: Great. I guess my follow-up. Yeah. If I can pivot over to the industrial side, just a higher-level question. You guys seem to be flat to up year-to-date in your industrial segment. How do you explain the actual growth in that segment versus the global GDP and the general economic activity dropping? It doesn't seem like the inventory concerns are as high as what you had last quarter, where you first said it would be naive to think otherwise. It seems like some of those concerns have gone by the wayside, but you're still nonetheless outperforming the global economy. If it's not inventory, I guess, what is it?
Dave Pahl: Well, the longer-term thesis of course is that content is expanding inside of those markets. And I think if you look below, we talked about there's areas of strength and there's areas of weakness. So if you look at certain markets like aerospace and defense that is obviously weak, people aren't taking deliveries of planes, as an example. There's other areas of strength like appliances. If anyone that's listening on the call that is doing any home renovations like my wife is, you have to wait multiple months to, just to get home appliances. And so we're seeing very, very strong strength in those types of areas. So  but I think the diversity of that market, coupled with the content expansion, I think just proves out why it's such an attractive market for us. And our products are really tailor-made and well positioned to take advantage of that market.
Rafael Lizardi: Right. And the other thing I would add is listen, we have 100,000 different customers, 80,000 different products. The vast majority of those sell in to industrial. That is the most diverse end market. So it'd be impossible for us to know what those customers are doing and what that adds up to. The important part is the way we run the company to give ourselves the highest possible optionality, so that if it is driven by secular trends or asset is driven by the secular trends over the long haul, maybe any one quarter it could, or two quarters it could oscillate. And it could be inventory building. But over the long term, those secular trends are there, and we put ourselves in a good position tactically to have that inventory available to support our customers. And if we have a correction, inventory correction or something of that sort, we'll go through that. And that inventory will not go back. It will not go back. We'll have it in storage for years, and then we'll sell it at the other end of that, of whatever correction we may have.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Raf. Well go to the next caller, please
Operator: Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you. I wanted to ask John's question a bit differently. Does it feel like bookings are not going to back to reflecting true end demand? Obviously, this year everything has been abnormal, right? But as I think about your fourth quarter guidance, is it safe to say that bookings are now running very much aligned with end demand?
Dave Pahl: Well, Tore, that's always a question that we don't have precise insight to, right? We don't have a system that tells us that. I think you have to even go back to third quarter 2018, where the market had turned. We're going through a classic inventory cycle. We worked our way through that through 2019. And just as we bottomed out and saw signs of inflection, COVID-19 hit. So that kind of changed things, but certainly we started this year with inventories at lower levels. And so that  certainly, that's where we started the year, right? So  but inventories and demand are certainly tied together. And  so I don't believe that they were ever largely disconnected over time.
Rafael Lizardi: And so much of our business is on consignment or just-in-time demand, that the bookings versus revenue trend is really not that meaningful.
Dave Pahl: That's right. Yes. So it's almost what inventory our customers have that's downstream. And so that's why I think that we, from an optionality standpoint, try to ensure that we've got product available that if things want to continue to strengthen from here, we're in a position to support it. And that's the posture that we're taking. If it doesn't, we certainly know what to do in the other direction as well. You have a follow-on, Tore?
Tore Svanberg: Yes, that's fair. Thank you. So I know communications is smaller for you and it may even be less of a strategic end market for you, but it did take a sequential breather. It was still up year-over-year. Directionally, do you have any views on where that market is headed?
Dave Pahl: Well, it  I think that our longer-term thesis is, is that it's not a structural grower, just there's not new subscribers being added to the network overall. We've made investments in 5G, and we'll benefit from it. But as you say, it's just not a very large portion of our revenues.  Certainly, there's noise in this quarter's numbers with Huawei, but growth will resume. And as it always does, I think everyone in the industry describes it as a choppy market and that doesn't make it a bad market, it just makes it choppy. And so we'll continue investments there. It's a good market for us. And we'll continue to make investments in it, and we continue to like it.  And thank you, Tore. I think we've got time for one last caller, please?
Operator: We'll take our last question from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. Dave and Rafael, I had a question on the industrial business as well. So clearly it's seemingly very resilient if I look back at the past cycles. But is it also because -- and I know you guys look at it very long-term as well.  2019, for four consecutive quarters and for the full year, it was down. So is this because as we -- and I think Dave, you mentioned that in an answer to an earlier question, is that when we entered the year, really it was -- the supply chain was drained out of any excesses because of what you have seen. And so now we are, despite all the problems we've seen and the demand collapsing in certain end markets and industrials, it's held in also because of that factor, that the supply chain inventory was pretty lean?
Dave Pahl: Yes. I think we've just completed seven quarters of year-on-year declines. This is the first quarter of year-on-year growth that we've had. So industrial's been a piece of that. I think those year-on-year declines, a good part of that was just our industry cyclicality, as you pointed out. So I -- that -- but structurally, industrial with its breadth and if you look, we've got 13 sectors that we're investing in. All of them are -- have content that's growing. And so we're -- I think we're very positioned -- positioned very well to be able to support that growth. So what we can't call and what we don't know is in the short-term, how the economy is going to behave. And even in a weak environment, that market has done reasonably well compared to some of the other markets. You have a follow-on?
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes, just a quick one on the Embedded side. I think last earnings call also, you mentioned that you're encouraged by the signs of stabilization. I just wanted to -- just help us understand what are some of the steps you have taken to ride the business. And as you've said, it doesn't happen overnight. And you talked about investments and I know several years ago, you said that you were going to de-emphasize comms infrastructure, because that's longer term, you didn't see growth there, at least on the comms on the Embedded side. So is the investment profile in this business looking a little bit different as you look forward? And what are some of the other steps that you guys have taken to "ride" the business and get it back on track?
Dave Pahl: Yes. The -- yes, so you've highlighted a couple of steps that we have taken in the past. I think none of those have been secrets. The decisions on the comms side was something that we had talked about, I think, going back six, seven years ago now, as we didn't believe that comms equipment was going to be a structural grower. And specifically on the Embedded side, we did believe that there was some opportunities on the Analog side, so we took up investments there. And we're enjoying the benefits of those investments on the Analog side today, but that did provide a headwind. We talked about, I think, it was a couple of quarters ago now the -- some of the restructuring that you mentioned inside of the Embedded business. And we've got, I think, eight different product groups and we took down some of the resources in some and took up some of the resources in others. And really just getting resources on to the best opportunities overall and making sure that we have resources into the places that we believe will be the best growth opportunities. And I'd just say in general, what we're trying to do is leverage our competitive advantages, ensure that the products that we are investing in have a broad-based appeal in a customer base standpoint and they'll be products that will generate cash flow for a long time to come. And just taking a step back, again, I'd say that we're investing in that business, because we believe it will be a great contributor when we look at the years ahead, so. And so again, there's a lot of effort going into building that business stronger, but it will take time. So that's success would be measured over years, not just in a quarter or two. So with that, I'll turn it over to Rafael to wrap us up for the night.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave. Let me wrap up by emphasizing what we have said previously. At our core, we're engineers and technology is the foundation of our company. But ultimately our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate long-term value for our owners is the growth of free cash flow per share. Our strategy to maximize free cash flow per share growth has three elements: A great business model focused on Analog and Embedded Products and built around four sustainable competitive advantages; two, discipline in allocating capital to the best opportunities; and lastly, efficiency, which means constantly striving for more output for every dollar spent. While we strive to achieve our objectives, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing. And we will be a company that we are personally proud to be a part of and would want as our neighbor. When we're successful, our employees, customers and communities and owners all benefit. Thank you, and have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-21 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments 2Q 2020 earnings release conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Thank you and good afternoon and thank you for joining our second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi, is with me today and we will provide the following updates. First, I will start with a reminder of the framework we described during that April earnings call for how we will navigate the COVID-19 economy. Next, I will provide insight into second quarter revenue results with more details than usual by end-market including sequential performance since it's more informative at this time. And lastly, Rafael will cover financial results, some insight into one-time items, and our guidance for the third quarter. During the April call, we explained that we will use the three ambitions to drive our decisions as they are particularly helpful in uncertain times like we face with COVID-19. For decades, these ambitions have driven all decisions inside TI. They are to act like owners who will own the company for decades. Secondly, to adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing. And third, to be a company that you are proud to be a part of and would be proud to have as a neighbor. When we pursue these ambitions, our employees, customers, communities, and owners will all benefit. While second quarter did not experience the depth of the decline we saw in the 2008 financial crisis, nonetheless we remain cautious on how the economy might behave over the next few years. As a reminder, in April we provided a broader framework to help you understand how we will operate through this environment. First, we will maintain high optionality with our operating plan so we can support customers, particularly during a time when their ability to forecast will be limited. Next, we will maintain investments in R&D and in new capabilities like those for ti.com, since they are five to 10 year time horizon decisions and critical to building TI stronger. And finally, we will invest to ensure long-term manufacturing capacity, particularly for the 2022 to 2025 timeframe. Making decisions with our ambitions in mind will continue to serve us well, and that coupled with the framework I just mentioned should help you understand our actions. We are particularly pleased with our decision to maintain an operating plan that allowed us to maximize our optionality. During the second quarter, we were able to respond to unforecasted demand. We will continue to maintain this posture in the third quarter. Moving on, I will now provide some insight into our second quarter revenue. There are several key points to summarize what we are seeing in the market. First, overall the weakness was primarily from the automotive market. Automotive was down about 40% sequentially and down over 40% compared to a year ago. To help appreciate this impact, excluding automotive, TI was up 8% sequentially and down 3% versus a year ago. The automotive market appears to have bottomed in May as North American and European assembly plants resumed operations. Next, the industrial market was up about 2% sequentially and also up 2% from a year ago. There are end-markets that are weak and others that are understandably strong, like medical. We do believe that some customers are trying to maintain strong inventory positions to limit exposure to any supply chain disruptions. Personal electronics was up over 20% sequentially and up about 10% compared to a year ago. This can best be explained by work from home trends and TI being in a position to support unforecasted demand in the second quarter. Next, communications equipment was up 20% sequentially, but down 15% compared to a year ago. Within this market, it's important to note that analog achieved sequential and year-over-year growth, while embedded was down in both comparisons following our planned decline in this portion of the business. Enterprise systems was up sequentially and year-over-year. This strength, similar to personal electronics, is best explained by work from home trend and TI being positioned to support unforecasted demand. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management, and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Second quarter revenue was $3.2 billion, down 12% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.1 billion or 64% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased due to lower revenue and gross profit margin was even. Operating expenses in the quarter were $780 million, down 4% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 23% of revenue. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.5 billion in R&D. Operating profit was $1.2 billion in the quarter, or 38% of revenue. Operating profit was down 18% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the second quarter was $1.4 billion, or $1.48 per share, which included a $0.33 benefit primarily for tax-related items that were not in our prior outlook. The benefit included $0.02 of restructuring charges to strengthen our embedded business by focusing investments on the best opportunities for long term growth. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.7 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $130 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.7 billion. In the quarter, we paid $823 million in dividends and repurchased $882 million of our stock for a total return to owners of $1.7 billion. In total, we have returned $6.7 billion in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return all free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 56% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $5 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the second quarter. In the quarter, we issued $750 million of debt with a coupon of 1.75% due in 10 years. This resulted in total debt of $6.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.77%. We have repaid $500 million of debt due in second quarter, and we have no further debt due this year. We have $550 million of debt due in 2021. Regarding inventory, TI inventory dollars were up $133 million from first quarter, and days were 166, about as expected. Distribution-owned inventory declined again in second quarter by about $150 million, the seventh consecutive quarter of planned reductions as we continued the transition to have fewer distributors and bring more customers direct. Tactically and strategically, we are pleased. We have held total inventory dollars steady, while increasing the percent of inventory held inside TI and therefore in fewer places. This enables us to continue to maintain short lead times and high availability to meet unforecasted customer demand. For the third quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.26 billion to $3.54 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.14 to $1.34. Regarding our factory operating plan, as we have stated, we will maintain high optionality so we can continue to support customers' demand, particularly during a time when their ability to forecast may continue to be limited. We have informed our customers that lead times on our products remain short and more than 40,000 products are available for immediate shipment on TI.com. Short lead times and high availability are important capabilities that allow us to continue to support customers' near term and unforecasted demand. Our product portfolio of mostly long-lived parts affords us to have a steady hand and therefore, we will take a similar approach to our factory operating plan again in third quarter. In closing, we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantages and in making our business stronger. History has shown us that it is in times like these when we can make the most strategic progress. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. The first question I have, you still mentioned that you think some of your industrial customers are trying to build, I guess, inventories and making sure that their own position is still strong. But if your lead times are short and you are building, you have 40,000 products that are ready to ship, why would any of your customers actually have any need to pre-buy anything? And if so, do you think what you are seeing right now is maybe just more indicative of what the actual end demand state might look like? Like how do we square that circle?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Stacy, it's a good question. I think you know, as we have talked about last quarter, we saw some unusual order patterns. As we talked about revenue running up really strong into March and things abating, they certainly didn't abate as we thought that they would. We saw supply constraints across the industry, and sometimes as customers' orders, as they look at building inventory, our visibility ends at their dock when we ship them products. So, they may decide to build some finished good inventory, so we don't have visibility into that. So that's really not a number that we can look into a system to provide us that. It's really just more instinct and experience and also just talking to our field teams and getting input from that standpoint. So, when we look at the numbers, that's what it is telling us.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Stacy, just to add to that, a few comments. One, out of our 100,000 or so customers, I will guess 70,000 to 80,000 of those are in industrial., right. So, it's frankly just difficult to draw conclusions with such a huge number of customers that have different idiosyncrasies in the way they behave. The other thing I would tell you is that, if I am a purchasing manager at one of these customers, and I am ordering 200 different parts for a board, are they really going to treat certain suppliers a little differently than others, if they decided to build inventory to stock up and feel safer, probably not, right. So, that's another dynamic that may be you should take into account.
Dave Pahl: And not in all cases.
Rafael Lizardi: Right.
Dave Pahl: Not in all cases. So, there is probably some of that and that's just the caution that that would provide. You have a follow-up, Stacey?
Stacy Rasgon: Yes. I guess just to follow-up on that a little bit. So, if I look at kind of the trajectory you have had over the last few quarters, Q1 you are above seasonal; Q2, ex-auto you were above seasonal; your Q3 guide is kind of at the low end of seasonal, but kind of roughly. I mean, so far like at least outside of auto, it doesn't seem like the pandemic is having any real impact on you guys at all. I just find it a little surprising, what are you hearing from your customers, if anything, as to that effect in terms of what they are seeing and the impact that the pandemic is having on the supply chain? Because as far as I can tell, it's not having much impact on you at all, I guess, which is good.
Dave Pahl: Well, I will remind you that the number we have turned in was down 12%, right.
Stacy Rasgon: Yes. But it was up 8%, ex-auto, right?
Dave Pahl: Correct. Yes. And unfortunately, we have to report the numbers with auto in. So well, that is the reality, and auto was down 40%. So, you know, that is real. And the auto manufacturers closed down because of COVID. So, I wouldnt quite go so far to say that it didn't have an impact. And you know, if you look inside of that, you saw strength in some areas like the work from home trends, like PCs and tablets and servers from the inside of enterprise, right. So, we are seeing some strength that's due to that which is also driving that. So there is some things that are moving around that we saw. And the other thing that if you look longer term, as we entered the year, as you know, I think we described back in January that we were seeing signs of stabilization with the fourth quarter results as we had worked our way through the bottom of the cycle. We are starting to see those signs of stabilization. Now with those signs of stabilization, again, we just turned in a down 12% overall. So, those are the results and we do have to report the numbers all in but I think it is important, we wanted to give the color of auto because that was the driver of the weakness from the year ago. So, thanks Stacy. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We will hear now from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to actually pick up from that point on automotive. I am curious, Rafael or Dave, what you are expecting your automotive business to do in Q3? Because when I look at your auto sales, I think you mentioned down over 40%. They are kind of in line with units. And I know just picking on one quarter is not representative of the trend, but some of your auto peers said they benefited from content growth and so forth. So, my question is, what do you think about just the broader automotive market heading into Q3? And do you think you can start to get back to a point where you get some content growth on top of whatever unit recovery that we might see?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Vivek, I think that's a great clarification. So obviously, what we are reporting is just our shipments. When factories close, they stop taking product. You know that for our revenues overall, a large portion of our revenues overall are on consignment. So, there is not inventory sitting between us and those manufacturing lines. In general, I describe the automotive market as being a more mature supply chain. So, those supply chains will react faster than, let's say an industrial supply chain would perhaps. And so, when those factories open back on, they begin to pull those units. So, we won't try to predict what the overall market is going to do. We can measure when customers are pulling that demand. Our confidence in content growth, three and five years from now in automobiles remains very high, but just try to draw the dots of a cyclical recovery, we just won't spend time trying to do that. So do you have follow-on?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thanks Dave. So on the factory plan, I recall, Rafael, you mentioned that you expect your factory plans in Q3 to be the same as Q2 and we saw inventory go up in Q2. What do you think your inventory levels will do in Q3? And what I am trying to do is try to align, your Q3 guidance seems to be seasonal, as was asked before, even the range of outlook seems to be very in line with normal guidance, but your commentary seems to be more conservative, certainly visibility on the macro side seems to be a little more difficult. So I am just trying to get a better sense for what does your plan for production in Q3 tell us about your visibility on to your end customers and the level of demand?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Sure. First, a couple of things. First, the environment continues to be uncertain. So I want to make sure that's clear. We remain cautious how this economy will behave for the next several years, okay. So that is very important. That is part of the way we are looking at this. At the same time, we want to keep our optionality, maximize our optionality. And what that means is, be able to meet unforecasted demand from our customers like we just did in second quarter and we plan to continue that in third quarter and beyond. The reason we can do that, strategically we are just very well positioned. The parts that we sell tends to be the majority of them catalog parts that sell to many, many customers that last a long, long time. So if we end up building inventory, that inventory is not going to go bad. We don't have to scrap it. So that plays very well in our favor. Essentially, it's a very symmetrical bet that we are making where the upside is really high, the downside is limited. So we are going to continue operating that way.
Dave Pahl: That's great. Thank you Vivek. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We will hear now from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on the execution. I just wanted to go back to performance or performance by segment. Obviously in Q2, it was a significant beat in terms of revenue. And Dave, thanks very much for giving color on a sequential basis and a year-over-year basis. But relative to what you are thinking internally, where did the beat come from? Was it broad-based or was it focused in one or two businesses?
Dave Pahl: Well, I think that in general, if you look at the areas of strength that we had, certainly in areas that were driven by the work from home, the PCs, tablets, the servers, those were areas that we saw strength. Automotive, obviously, when things shut down, they shut down. And that had turned off pretty much like a light switch as the numbers would show. And I think that inside of industrial, you have got the numbers of down or the 2% or so from a transition standpoint. So yes, definitely the strength that we saw we had in the work from home areas. You have a follow-on?
Toshiya Hari: I do. As you guys know, M&A is clearly topical in the group right now and Rafael, I was just hoping you can remind us what's sort of the criteria is when it comes to M&A for you guys at TI? And sort of a two-part question. Is it fair to say that your posture is a little bit more conservative or cautious, given the current macro and geopolitical backup as well as where evaluations lie? Or is it pretty much business as usual for you guys on the M&A front? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. That's a good question and it's interesting the way you framed it. So let me maybe first remind everybody our framework. Any acquisition that we consider needs to meet two criteria. First, it needs to be a good strategic fit. So that an analog company with catalog parts, differentiated parts that then go into auto and industrial, because that's where we focus as where the content growth is happening and that would align well with our strategy. But the next piece is that price needs to make sense. And that is after, once you make the purchase, in three, four, five years, are you meeting the cost of capital, are you beating the cost of capital. And think of it on a cash on cash standpoint. Invest $100 and my cost of capital is 10%, when am I going to get $10 after tax on that investment. Can I beat that $10 and get $15 or $20 over time? So that is our criteria. That's the one we have had for many years and we continue to have it. On your second part of your question, frankly in an environment like we are going through, this is a great time to make the most of opportunities. So we are not conservative. We are following the same framework that we have followed. And based on that framework, we are evaluating M&A opportunities, but more importantly we are continuing to invest internally. We are making our competitive advantages stronger. We continue to invest in R&D. We haven't scaled back that at all. We continue to invest in things like ti.com and our retail market channels. And of course our manufacturing and technology, where we broke ground on the new facility, the new, the second, RFAB in Richardson and we are going to investing to have that building ready over the next 18 to 24 months. So we continue to do that to strengthen the company and now is a great time to do it. We are very well positioned from a balance sheet standpoint, from a P&L, free cash flow standpoint, a lot better than our competitors. So it's a good time to take advantage of that.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you Toshiya. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We will hear from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Thanks a lot for letting me ask a question and congrats on the strong results. I wanted to go into the source of the upside that Dave and Rafael, you guys talked about, the work from home side, I think everybody understands why that was better. But the big question that's still outstanding to me is the sustainability of that. So can you just talk about that the upside surprise, do you think, is sustainable? I know you are not guiding by end markets. You never do. But how do you envision the second half of the year in those same areas that upsided?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Ross, I think that when we look at our business longer term, we look at where we are investing for growth. Industrial and automotive is where the investments go, especially industrial. That's where we expect growth to be, you know, when we look at three and five and 10 year growth, perhaps for next couple of decades. So we believe that growth is very sustainable and that's really where we are focused. I will say that some of the growth that we are seeing is due because of the optionality that Rafael talked about how. We have recently updated our customers. We got 40,000 products that we have immediate availability on today. So if that demand is the sustainable in the second half, we have got the products available to ship into any of our markets overall in the short term. But our long term prospects, I think, are really what's more important. Do you have a follow-on?
Ross Seymore: I do. Thanks for that answer. I want to switch over to the two product segments, the two main ones, analog and embedded. I just wanted to see if there is any update on your views on the embedded side? I know you said there was a little bit of a restructuring built into that $0.33 gain, I guess as a little bit of an offset. But the big picture question is, you are now down to the lowest percentage of sales embedded has been since at least in my model of 2012. And the year-over-year decline is so much larger than the analog side. So can you just talk a little bit about when do you think that business bottoms out? What sort of restructuring needs to be done? And do you think that business is a growth driver over time for the company? Or is it something that we should just envision as remaining a much smaller part of the company than it once was?
Dave Pahl: Yes. I think when we look at the embedded business, the embedded market, as we talked about before, it shares many of the attributes that the analog market does and we believe that it will be, it has been and will continue to be a contributor to free cash flow growth. When you look at that business and look at the share gains that it's had, look at 2016, 2017 and really the better part of 2018, it has had share gains. It gave some of that back in 2019, of course. But here, more recently, we talked about last quarter, you saw some sequential growth out of that business all in. We talked about the fact that without auto, you would have seen sequential growth in that business this quarter. So I think we are seeing signs of stabilization inside of that business. So we have taken action to strengthen that business to dive into that. We have got across microcontrollers and processors, there is eight businesses. Three of them actually, we have increased resources. Two of them, we have actually decreased resources. And three of them have stayed about the same. So that's portfolio management that you have seen us take across our businesses over the years. So we do believe that that business will be a contributor to free cash flow. There is a lot of the work going on to ensure that it is. So, okay. Thank you very much Ross. And will go to the next caller.
Operator: Thank you. We will hear from Chris Danley with Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Danley: Hi. Thanks guys. Dave, I think you mentioned that you thought there is some inventory buildout there. I believe you said it was just in industrial. Can you give us a sense of how much do you think that helped? And what gives you confidence it's not occurring in any other product lines? And did you guys notice anything, any kind of strength by certain geographies out there?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Chris, you know that you have heard us talk, you have heard me say multiple times in the past that I joked that I have never once taken a double order or an order for an inventory build. And obviously, customers don't mark it that way when they send an order in. So that is something that we can't see. As I have talked about before with 60%, 65% of our revenue on consignment, we don't have inventory of our products sitting in front of the manufacturing line. So our visibility ends right there. So we don't have a system that tells us if customers are building inventory. But just when you look at the numbers and you look at the strength and you add things up, that's what our intuition tells us. So we are just mindful of that. We think it's important just to point that out. So could it be in other areas? It could be. But our belief is, it's not significant but we think it's important to point it out.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. And let me just add to that point. Your question was on the customer side. Let me remind you of the distribution side where we do have visibility, we drain $150 million of distributor-owned inventory. That's on top of the $50 million we drained last quarter. So, so far, year-to-date it's $200 million and we think we will be able to drain another $150 million or so for the rest of the year. So we will probably end up draining $350 million or so of inventory. And that make a lot of sense given the changes in distribution that we are making. We are bringing more customers direct. So then we can control that inventory will be, essentially on our balance sheet as we build more inventory on our balance sheet so we can support those customers direct. The other comment I will make regarding that, given that drain now we only have about three weeks of inventory in the distri-channel, down about a week from the prior quarter. But I will tell you that that metric is already less meaningful than it was before and it will continue to be less meaningful as we make that distribution channel smaller over time. But I just wanted to give the data point, so you have it. Do you have a follow-up Chris?
Chris Danley: It's on that last statement. So you said that, you have got three weeks of inventory in the distri-channel. I guess if we look at your days of inventory right now, it's 170. I mean balance sheet looks like the feds from a first glance. Should we expect this to be the new normal going forward, like right around 170 days? Or should this be the same dollar level? Or I guess what should we sort of calibrate our models to, for inventory going forward at TI?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. A few comments. One is, as I just said, the distribution-owned inventory, we have been draining for seven quarters in a row. So if you look at the entire ecosystem, right, including the distribution inventories plus our inventory, over the last couple years, probably seven or eight quarters, is relatively flat, right. So you have to, I think it makes sense, we think it makes sense to think about it that way. And then the other angle, as I mentioned earlier and we talked about it in our prepared remarks, is the great optionality that having that inventory gives us. And we just showed that in second quarter and we will continue to do it because it is an asymmetric bet that having that inventory there is a working capital cost associated with that. But the scrap risk on that is really, really low, yet the potential upside of serving our customers well with very low lead times, in many cases as we said immediate availability, we think that longer term is something customers do and will continue to appreciate.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you Chris. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you very much. Dave, I apologize for the background noise. Economic activity is humming around where I live. Gross margin, the quarter margin was much higher than what a normal fall through model would suggest. So I was wondering, is it just a factor of how low embedded is and that's the mix that's contributing to the gross margin being so strong this quarter? Or is there something else going on? Because your utilization was flat quarter-on-quarter.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. What I would tell you, as we have guided for many years, you should think of revenue coming in and out at 70% to 75%. That's a good guide to use over the entire cycle. Of course, any one quarter could be a little more or a little less. And then over the longer term, of course, 300 millimeter and continuing to add revenue on 300 millimeter has a structural cost advantage that helps our margin just continue to be a tailwind on margins. It has been and will continue to be.
Dave Pahl: Do you have follow-on, Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes. I do. Back to microcontrollers, embedded, now that you have been looking at the data and I am sure you have been looking at it before. And it's good to see that stabilizing and you are seeing some signs of stabilization, especially, how low it is. Is there some insight you could provide us between the connected and the processor side that would help explain the divergence that we have seen from the overall analog over the last, not three years as you were pointing out first, if we look back at three years, only in the last six or seven quarters? Has it really been diverging from the industry?
Dave Pahl: Yes. There is not that much difference in the trend between microcontrollers and the processor business. And really, if you look at the longer trend line and that's really what shares doesn't move around quickly inside of those businesses, whether it's analog or embedded overall and then if you drop down into microcontrollers or processors. So again, if you look at kind of 2016 and 2017 and the three quarters of 2018, those businesses really did have a real strong track record of share gains and the deterioration began to happen in 2019 where it gained some of that back. So again, we are taking the actions to strengthen that business. We believe that what we are doing will get that business performing and having it to be a strong contributor to free cash flow. So thank you Ambrish. And I think we have time for one more caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. There is very slow moving but I think long term relatively meaningful risk as it relates to China trying to develop a domestic strong semiconductor capability. Some might argue that given the current state of affairs, both economically and politically that perhaps there could be some acceleration in that regard recently. And I am hoping you might update us as to what you are seeing from this competitive threat.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So just to give you some thoughts on that. We think of that in a way similar as we think of our competitors, meaning that our competitive advantage has put us in a good place to compete against American, European competitors just as well as the Chinese. And having one, our own manufacturing with 300 millimeter, that puts us, gives us that structural cost advantage. The other one is the broadest portfolio in the industry, close to 100,000 different parts. And that's particularly relevant with industrial and automotive where, in the case of industrial for example, there are probably 80,000 different customers, right. So you want to be able to have the entire suite of parts in the analog space and embedded space. It makes it more likely that they will buy from you, it makes the investment on the sales side more worthwhile and then with the diverse and long-lived positions that results into. And partially because of those advantages and the way that is structured, it's just difficult to go after that space, right. So what we have seen where companies in China, really anywhere, where they first go after is the kind of vertical markets in places like memory or digital spaces that is frankly just easier to go after, easier to get revenue growing quickly and then you can reinvest that and go from there. In the analog space, we have average prices in the $0.30 to $0.40. Embedded is higher than that, but not that much higher. It's just hard. And then the 80,000 different customers that you go after, the 100,000 different parts is a daunting task, right. It's not impossible. So we are very respectful of that and our job is to stay ahead of all our competitors, no matter where they are, American, European, Asian. So we will continue investing in that, in those advantages, in manufacturing, in the broad portfolio, in the reach of channels to make that climb even harder every year. Do you have a follow-up?
William Stein: Yes. I appreciate that answer. It sounds like there is no meaningful change recently in this threat relative to any others. I wanted to follow-up on the distribution commentary around, I think, another $150 million of inventory to go. When we think about the $50 million, the $150 million down in the quarter and I think you said $150 million left in the back half. Should we think about that as proportional to the amount or to the percentage of distribution business that's going to transition this year? And is that still on track to finish by the end of the year?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So it is on track to finish by the end of the year. And what happens there is, by the end of the year, we are just going have a much smaller distribution footprint, the number of distributors that we engage with. And at the same time, we will have transitioned a fair amount of customers to shipping direct. So with lesser distribution, we will deal with fewer distributors, then more of our revenue going direct. And that is, yes, I guess it is proportional to that drain of inventory that you are referring to.
Dave Pahl: But it also includes reduction in inventory of the distributors that will be with us as well.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I am glad you mentioned that. So yes, so part of what that reduction is, is that the distributors that we are going to stay with, for the most part, they will be on full consignment. So anything that we sell with them and there's a few exceptions in Japan, for example, but other than that, they will be in full consignment. So really they are going to have zero own inventory for the most part. So that is also reflected in the $350 million.
Rafael Lizardi: So I think that was the last question. So let me just wrap up by summarizing what we have said previously. We will continue to invest in and strengthen our four competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, portfolio breadth, market reach and diverse and long-lived products. We will also continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt in a world that's ever changing. And we will be a company that we are personally proud to be part of and would be proud to have as a neighbor. When we are successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners will all benefit. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Texas Instruments first quarter 2020 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded.At this time, I would like to hand things over to Mr. Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web.This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description.Given the likelihood of a significant economic recession due to COVID-19, we are changing the format for this quarter's earnings call. In addition to Rafael Lizardi, our CFO, we will be joined by Rich Templeton, our Chairman and CEO. Rich will be covering a broader frame of how we are approaching the current environment. I will then provide a summary of first quarter and Rafael wrap up with the financial details of first quarter and our outlook for second quarter. Our prepared remarks will be longer than usual as we hope to cover a range of anticipated questions.Let me turn it over to Rich.
Rich Templeton: Thanks Dave. At the highest level, to understand how we will approach a likely significant recession resulting from COVID-19, I remind you of the three ambitions that for decades have driven all decisions inside of TI. These ambitions are, first, we will act like owners who will own the company for decades, second, we will adapt and succeed in a world that is ever changing and third, we will be a company that you are proud to be part of and would be proud to have as a neighbor.When we pursue these ambitions, our employees, customers, communities and owners will all benefit. These guiding ambitions have served us well for decades, but they are enormously valuable in these times because they help simplify many decisions in an uncertain environment.Like many companies in the COVID-19 crisis, we have acted aggressively keeping our people safe and able to support their families. We have kept operations running to support our customers with special emphasis on our medical customers. And in the communities where we operate around the world, we have provided direct financial support and medical supplies to provide some relief. The list of action is lengthy.So starting with the economic framework. No two economic recessions are identical, but the 2008 financial crisis provides us the most recent significant recession and therefore is the best example to study and inform decisions on operating plans, revenue forecast and investment and spending plans. As a reminder, if you look back to 2008 and specifically to September 2008, all new orders turned off overnight. This led to a 26% sequential drop of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2008, an additional 16% sequential decline in the first quarter of 2009 and then a rapid snapback for the next six quarters. By the second quarter of 2010 or within two years of the start of the sharp decline, revenue moved back above the level of the third quarter of 2008.With the benefit of hindsight, our customers overcorrected to the downside and we then spent a year-and-a-half chasing back up to support demand. With this in mind, we are not trying to predict this economic recession and recovery, but instead we want to ensure that we have the highest degree of optionality so that we can deal successfully with any outcome.Therefore, regarding our operating plan, looking at the patterns from pre and post 2008 and the second quarter of 2020 and quite likely the third quarter of 2020, we will be running our factories at about the level they ran in the first quarter of 2020. This will likely result in an increase in inventory during the second quarter but this will be important to support our customers during a time when they have limited ability to forecast. Our product portfolio of primarily long-lived products makes this an easy decision and maximizes our optionality.Regarding second quarter revenue guidance, Rafael will elaborate in a minute, with reduced visibility of customer demand, we have used the historical transitions that I mentioned from 2008 and adjusted for seasonality. We are not implying precision but explaining the assumptions. We are using an expanded range to account for the current uncertainty.Regarding spending and investments. First, research and development spending will be essentially unchanged as these are five to 10-year time horizon decisions. We will continue to make ongoing portfolio adjustments but these are unlikely to make meaningful changes to investment levels.On SG&A, we will maintain critical investments in new capabilities, such as strengthening ti.com because these are important times to gain ground. Where we can minimize expense, we are and we will certainly continue to do so.On capital spending, our plans are generally unchanged because the bulk of capital spending is driven by roadmap capacity needs in the 2022 to 2025 time frame. We will continue with previously announced construction plans that are underway for the next generation 300 millimeter analog wafer fab in Richardson, Texas.Lastly, regarding how we are operating in the current environment. We were fortunately prepared for the unforeseen disruptions that COVID-19 has presented. We updated our customers in late March that our lead times remain short and unchanged and that we could respond to short term demand. This is because we invested in inventory, have robust business continuity plan and invested in geographically diverse internal manufacturing footprint.Our manufacturing teams are operating throughout the world, including countries like Malaysia and the Philippines, where local restrictions have resulted in partial operations. We have adopted protocols quickly to keep our people safe and minimize any disruptions. Our team was prepared and is comfortable getting our work done remotely. We continue to actively work new design wins with customers via virtual selling processes that we instituted several years ago.On most days across TI, we are averaging a peak of 10,000 VPN connections and two million meeting minutes per day, about four times higher than normal. We all look forward to things getting back to normal, but in the meantime we are focused on execution.Let me hand things back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks Rich. I will provide some standard comments of first quarter revenue by end market and then I will add some additional insight about the quarter in light of COVID-19.First, for highlights on first quarter revenue by end market versus a year ago. Industrial increased mid single digit from a year ago quarter and it improved compared to fourth quarter. Automotive declined mid single digits and decelerated in the quarter as our customers' factory shutdowns impacted demand. Personal electronics declined mid single digits, but by sector was a mixed bag. Mobile phones declined low double digits, while by contrast PCs increased low double digits. Communications equipment declined about 50% as expected due to a comparison against a very strong first quarter 2019. Communications was up sequentially. And lastly, enterprise systems increased double digits on strong data center demand.For additional insight, the first quarter ran as expected into Chinese New Year, but was slow coming out of the holiday as Chinese factories struggled to come back due to COVID-19. In early March, we saw a pickup in orders from most markets as supply chain disruptions led to increased customer concerns about being able to secure supply.This increase in demand that we experienced in March had continued into early April with the exception of automotive as manufacturers' plant closures reduced consumption. This increase in orders has steadily abated in April but returned to levels we saw in early March. The midpoint of our range assumes that this decline continues through the quarter as customers have reduced visibility to end-demand.Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave and good afternoon everyone. Revenue was $3.3 billion, down 7% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.1 billion or 63% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased due to lower revenue. Gross profit margin decreased 20 basis points.Operating expenses in the quarter were $794 million, about even from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 23% of revenue. Over the last twelve months, we have invested $1.5 billion in R&D. Operating profit was $1.2 billion or 37% of revenue. Operating profit was down 10% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the first quarter was $1.2 billion, or $1.24 per share, which included a $0.10 benefit for items that were not in our prior outlook, as we have discussed.Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $851 million in the quarter. As a reminder, first quarter is typically the seasonally low point for cash flow from operations due to payout of profit sharing and bonuses. Capital expenditures were $161 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.6 billion.In the quarter, we paid $841 million in dividends and repurchased $1.6 billion of our stock for a total return to owners of $2.5 billion. In total, we have returned $6.6 billion in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return all free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 55% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability.Our balance sheet remains strong with $4.7 billion of cash and short term investments at the end of the first quarter. In the quarter, we issued $750 million of debt with a coupon of 1.375% due in five years. This resulted in total debt of $6.6 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.81%. Since then, we have repaid $500 million of debt due in second quarter and we have no further debt due this year. We have $550 million of debt due in 2021.Regarding inventory, TI inventory dollars were flat to fourth quarter and days were 145. Distribution-owned inventory declined again in first quarter by about $50 million, the sixth consecutive quarter of planned reductions, as we continued the transition of our channel to have fewer distributors and bring more customers direct. We had about four weeks of distribution inventory, the lowest since third quarter of 2017. Tactically and strategically, we are very pleased. We have steadily decreased total inventory dollars while increasing the percent of inventory concentrated inside TI and therefore in fewer places. This enables us to maintain short lead times and high availability, which is critically important in an environment where end demand visibility for our customers will be limited.With a recession likely upon us, as Rich mentioned earlier, we are using the 2008 financial crisis to inform our second quarter outlook. To reflect the increased uncertainty, we have also expanded the range. For the second quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $2.61 billion to $3.19 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.64 to $1.04.Regarding our operating plan for running our factories, we expect that customers in this recession, similar to past recessions, will overcorrect in the short term as their visibility of their end demand drops. We believe it will be an important advantage to maintain consistent lead times and to offer customers high levels of product availability. Our product portfolio of mostly long-lived parts affords us to have a steady hand. Therefore, we will be running our factories in second quarter at approximately the same level we ran them in first quarter of 2020. TI inventory will likely grow during the second quarter, while distributor-owned inventory will likely drain.In closing, we continue to invest in our competitive advantages in making our business stronger. History has shown us that in times like this, is when we can make the most strategic progress.With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. And after our response, we will provide you an opportunity for a follow-up. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question today from Vivek Arya, Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. For my first one, I understand visibility is low and I understand the way you are predicting Q2. But just a few weeks into Q2, have your orders or bookings played out the same way as it did during the financial crisis? Does your consignment program now provide you better visibility than last time? I am just curious what you have actually seen so far in the quarter so that we can get a better handle on the outlook that you giving?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So let me, I will start and Dave, you want to chime in on that. But as we have said in the remarks, April has, in fact, behaved very differently than 2008 in the comparison, not only April but March. March was strong coming out of Chinese New Year. As we said in the prepared remarks, we came out a little slowly but then things strengthened and into April the things have abated in the second half of April. But we think that is due to the concern that many customers have on supply disruptions.So our range and particularly the midpoint of our range implies an expectation that demand will drop as customers internalize better their end demand and frankly they are going to have very low visibility. We expect them to have very low visibly of demand. That's why the important point here is that we are keeping high optionality throughout this process, so that if things snapback, we can support that. We can support that on the other side of this.Dave?
Dave Pahl: I think that's well said. Do you have a follow-on to that?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thank you. You mentioned that you are continuing to run your factory loadings in Q2 at the same level as Q1. I am curious if you can give us some color around what your modeling days of inventory to be exiting Q2? Is there a certain maximum limit to the amount of inventory or in terms of days or dollars that you willing to build before you have to start taking actions?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Thanks for that question. so Vivek, just as you framed them, I am glad you framed it that way, it is a capital allocation decision. So we are allocating capital in the form of inventory. Capital is going to go into inventory instead of going to other places and the inventory will increase, we expect very likely to increase into second quarter. But that's what gives us the optionality that I mentioned, having that inventory on hand. The key thing to remember and you know it very well, the vast majority of our products are long-lived. They are highly diverse. They sell to many, many customers. They live a long time on the shelf and the customers' product lifecycle are very long. So that inventory will not go back. So it's an option. We have a fairly low-cost upfront to have that option.
Dave Pahl: That's great. Thank you Vivek. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Next up, we will hear from Stacy Rasgon, Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. For the first one, if I go back to 2008, I think the decline was a lot quicker. But if I look Q3 2008 peak to Q1 2009 trough, revenues fell about 40%. This cycle has been longer, but if I take maybe the peak was Q3 2018 to your guide in Q2 2020, you would be down about 30%. So that suggests that maybe there is still a little more to go for following the same kind of trajectory? And I guess, also if the decline from peak to trough is longer, does that suggest that you might be thinking about the increase off the peak also being longer? Like how do we compare the two situations?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So I will take --
Rich Templeton: Stacy, this is Rich. Given the recollection of 2008, I would be careful of too much precision in where you are trying to draw that to. I do think that valid comparison and I think you know this very well from the history, is that 2008 was a reasonably, 2007 and first half of 2008 were reasonably hot semiconductor markets. It's not overheated, but pretty hot. And clearly 2019 and the first quarter 2020, we are cooler compared to the heat of 2017 and 2018. So when you try to get peak to trough, that's a little more complex. We just tried to basically look through what did we think demand was doing for a couple of years prior and that was what helped inform and help set where we put the operating plans.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. For my follow-up, I know you generally don't have tons of visibility into what true end demand is doing. But do you any way to gauge just given the amount of pull forward that we might be seeing right now whether it's gauging the pace of rush orders or anything like that? Is there anything that you can give us to try to gauge how much of the strong near term demand might be pull forward versus anything else?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Stacy, as you would imagine, I don't think we have any precision on that. I think as we saw after Chinese New Year is that we saw strength. We believe that that was due to the customer concerns. It's hard to have any precision around what percentage of that was due to that concern with any degree of accuracy.But, yes, Rafael, you want to add to that?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I agree. The only thing I would add is that we know, is the channel is clean, the district channel, because as we said, we are four weeks, we drained about $50 million on the channel and we plan to continue draining for the next three quarters or so about another $200 million or so plain drain as we convert more and more customers to go in direct. So the channel, we know is clean and will continue to be clean. But as Dave alluded to, we really don't know the end customers when they pull, how much of that is true end demand versus stocking up for potential disruption.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And I might add too that, as you know Stacy, 65%, 70% of our revenue is on consignment. So we are not turning backlog but we see plans that are in our customer' factories. But as they have reduced visibility, all those plans are not updated. So they are being updated slowly, as they are deciding what to build in those factories. So those updated plans are rolling through and that's what's creating the uncertainty as you would imagine.Okay. Thank you Stacy. And we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Next up from Morgan Stanley is Craig Hettenbach.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. I appreciate the color on the OpEx side of things. Any additional thoughts around just kind of variable compensation? And as revenue comes, some mitigation in terms of EPS impact over the next couple of quarters?
Rafael Lizardi: Sure. So as we said in the prepared remarks, in general, OpEx will be relatively unchanged. So R&D, those are long term investment. SG&A, we also have some investment areas there with ti.com. In other places, we frankly run the company pretty tightly to begin with but wherever we can tighten them more, we do.On your specific question on variable compensation. That tends to be a profit-sharing and bonus. Profit sharing moves according to a formula, so it's very formulaic. So depending on what happens, that adjusts. And bonuses is determined by the Board depending on routing performance on one to three years on several metrics.
Dave Pahl: You have a follow-on, Craig?
Craig Hettenbach: I do. Thanks. And understanding the different cadence by geography in terms of China was weak, then came back and Europe and North America maybe weaker now. But would just love to get your thoughts just for Q2 how you are expecting kind of things within your guidance from a geographic perspective?
Dave Pahl: Yes. I always give caution when asked about geographical revenue. Sometimes we can see distinct patterns, but where we ship our product is rarely where it's actually consumed, as you know. So we ship a product that ends up in a phone built in China, it may end up but in Europe. So if there was something distinct in our guidance that was impacted by geography, we would share that. And we don't have anything specific to share with that right now.But thank you Craig. And we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question is Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Thanks for all these additional details, especially with Rich on the line. Maybe one for Rich. In your comments earlier, you said you wanted to use 2008 as a template and that is about as fair a template as I could imagine as well. You also laid out about how the pattern was a steep fall, then a steep rise back. Given that you are behaving, your actions are very different this time where you are keeping utilization flat, et cetera, is that because you view this cycle as being any different, short duration matching the same one as a decade ago? Or is it simply just the optionality side of the equation at the end of the day that you are trying to maintain?
Dave Pahl: Let me have Rafael.
Rich Templeton: Ross, just to help on that, I think Rafael covered this in some ways. If you think back to 2008 and you know and a bunch of folks know, we were very much different. We had a large wireless business. We had portfolio re-profiling we had to do. We have had a high percentage of our product that wasn't exactly custom, but it behaved a lot like custom. So building inventory was a much more difficult game. And the beauty about where we are today is, as Rafael pointed out, is that a high percentage of the portfolio is long-lived products. We have got our R&D and our resources well deployed in the areas that we want to be long term. And that's what really puts us in the wonderful position where the cost to have maximum optionality is actually pretty low on our particular case in 2020 versus where it was back in October 2008.
Ross Seymore: Okay. Thank you for that. And I guess as my follow-up, just switching over to the cash return side of the equation. It looks like you guys had pretty much the second biggest buyback in a single quarter you have had in a decade. Can you just remind us on how you guys are thinking about the ability to return cash? I know your long term policy of returning 100% of your free cash flow and it's not just dictated by any single quarter. I appreciate that as well. But this was significantly above what you guys generated in a single quarter and maybe even in a couple of quarters of free cash flow. So just talk about how much leverage you are willing to put on the balance sheet to take advantage opportunistically of a pullback in your stock when it's below what I guess you view to be your intrinsic value?
Rafael Lizardi: Sure. So let me first, you alluded to it but let me just remind everybody on the call, that our objective when it comes to cash return is to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. We do that through buybacks and dividends. So for example, on a trailing 12-month basis, we generated $5.6 billion of free cash and we returned $6.6 billion. So obviously all free cash flow there have been returned.And then you mentioned debt and we have debt on their balance sheet as we said on the call, $6.6 billion, we finished. On a net basis, it is $1.8 billion because we have $4.7 billion of cash on the balance sheet. But we use debt to increase the rates of return with some leverage when it makes sense. So that's how we view the returns and the debt for many, many years, as we have talked about on capital management.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you Ross. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Next up is John Pitzer, Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Dave, I just want to go back to your comments in your prepared remarks about booking swelling as we have been coming to the end of April. Was there any end market distinction you can talk about? And I am particularly interested in kind of understanding how auto and industrial is behaving at the beginning this pandemic versus maybe things like PC, data center and comms?
Dave Pahl: Yes. John, I would say that when we looked at the last quarter, it was very distinct but we saw strength. We saw strength in PCs. We saw strength in data center. We saw a distinct slowing in auto as we as we talked about. I would say that the relative strengths in orders that we saw in the quarter that happened in March and continued into April was broad-based generally and was across the board with the exception of auto. And then the slowing, I would say that it is also broad-based.You have a follow-on?
John Pitzer: Yes. Just as my follow-on, returning to Ross' question about capital allocation and return. Rich, since you are on the call, you guys have always been good at sort of zagging what everybody else is zigging and you have got a longer duration out there. I am kind of curious about how you are viewing the current environment relative to M&A? And is that sort of an arrow in your strategic quiver as we go through the next couple of quarters, much clear then when you were in recession?
Rich Templeton: John, if you think about it and you can even, you have watched us for a long time. You can go back to 2008 and then look at what we did through 2009, 2010, 2011 and such. And clearly if you think about capital allocation, the things that I stepped through, keeping on the right R&D investments, keeping out the right capital expenditures, making the right capability investments on things like ti.com, that's where you get just very excited about. We will be getting stronger during this period and those strengths will help us even as the secular trends of more semiconductors in your life are growing.To the degree that we have an opportunity to buy used equipment or used factories or potentially M&A, as with anything on capital allocation. I think that one just goes down to the it depends type comment, meaning it would have to be probably a more prolonged downturn. If you think about what the mood was in 2009, 2010 and 2011, that mood had to be there for a while before opportunities became available. But we are certainly, we try to just be wise over the long term.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you John. We will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And we will go to Chris Danley, Citigroup.
Chris Danley: Hi. Thanks guys. And Rich, thanks for making the cameo. My first question. Rich, do you think or do you anticipate any longer term structural changes in the business, either in terms of end markets or anything you are looking at as a result of this pandemic?
Rich Templeton: Chris, I think it's early. I think I know your world tries to get ahead on trying to guess what will happen, I, in general, think that the secular trends that we have seen with semiconductors and more semiconductors coming into people's lives, are going to continue, okay. And I think somewhat as John alluded to in his question, it's obvious in the near term, but server sales and PCs are going to do well as working from home continues. But I just think longer term you look at industrial products, industrial equipment and even automotive, even though on the near term people will see SAAR numbers come down. The secular trend on semiconductor growth inside of automotive is going to make it a great market to be in for the long term.So no, I don't think from that point there will be a big structural change. I do think we have got a great advantage of having structural channel advantage. So the changes that we have been working towards for a number of years of building closer, direct relationship with customers, things that you now see playing out with a higher and higher percentage of inventory being in our hands to where we can be more efficient, that's going to be a fantastic trend and TI is well prepared to take advantage of that with our breadth of channel reach through the industry.
Chris Danley: Thanks. So I can follow-up?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Sure. Go for it, Chris.
Chris Danley: Okay. Thanks. And then Rich, to the extent you can, if you could give us any insight into what the customer conversations are like? What are they asking? What are their big concerns? And I guess at the root of it, you guys talked about and I thought about this, why aren't we seeing this sort of fall off in orders yet? Has everybody just kind of frozen in place out there? Why is that happening?
Rich Templeton: Chris, I think if you and Dave, I thought was very direct with what he described as we saw orders rise, starting to peak at first, second week of March. You saw them rise up. You have seen them start trend down. They are still at that level we saw approximately ending February and in early March. I think that's starting to filter through. For us, especially, Dave will have the number where we are 60%, 70% consignment. It takes a while for those consignment feeds to really get updated because companies have got to start getting better numbers on that front. So I think customers are just still processing through what their customers are telling them and we will see that play through. It's why we have made the assumption that May would be down from the April and June down versus April as well for the range.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you Chris. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Next up is Tore Svanberg, Stifel.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you. And I appreciate the wide range of the guidance in this environment. But can you maybe elaborate a little bit on what the assumptions are sort of at the low end and at the high end of the range?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So I will give you my take. Frankly there is no science on that. As we talked about earlier, we are using 2008 as the model for that. Again, it doesn't imply precision, not even similarity. It's just that it's the most recent exogenous event that we can use. So we are using that. And the midpoint is the closest thing to that adjusted for seasonality. What you normally would see on our first, second quarter transition, now you are seeing a negative 13% at that midpoint. But the entire range and the other reason we widened or the reason we widened the range is to reflect the great level of uncertainty that we have going on.As Rich mentioned, many customers, right now they are still processing what's happening and we have actually heard some of them haven't been able to update their feeds to us, right. So they have got to go through all that process. And so that's embedded in that wide range. The biggest point I want to make and we made it a couple of times already is the optionality that we are going to get based on how we are running the factories, right.So this thing can go multiple ways for second quarter and third quarter and beyond. But we have just great optionality the way we are running the business, both strategically, the type of parts we build and the end product and so forth. But tactically, the way we are running the factories and inventory in second quarter.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, Tore?
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you Dave. The other question goes back to what you just mentioned there. So I am sure your customers are probably thinking about this too and maybe they are perhaps building some inventory too to be able to respond to an eventual demand. If that should be the case, how long would you be willing to have this optionality or perhaps run the inventories a little bit longer than normal?
Rafael Lizardi: You know, it's going to depend on a number of factors that today we don't know, right. And I think we and the world and the industry will learn over the coming weeks and months and then we will adjust an unnecessary. I think the advantage we have with the way we are set up strategically, with the type of parts we build and the type of customers we have and the type of end markets is that we can afford to have this optionality, right. These parts are not going to go bad. It is very different in a custom part centric world in personal electronics type of centric world. That's not the case with the way we structured in the company. So we have great optionality to go through this beyond second quarter.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you Tore. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: And next from BMO is Ambrish Srivastava.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you. Rich, good to hear your voice. I am sure that nobody really wanted to hear you at this kind of a forum. I had a question back on capital allocation and going back to the 2008, 2009 template or playbook. You raised the dividend in the fourth quarter, back then it was a small person, but it was on a percentage basis was pretty meaningful. So as we compare where we are heading now versus I am sure nobody had any idea what next quarter was going to be, what's the right way to think about capital allocation? Based on the comments you and Dave and Rafael are making, it sounds like no change in 100% free cash flow back, divvy plus buyback, no change to that. So just kind of help us understand the thinking or scenarios that you are playing out that you are thinking through which might lead to a near term modification on that, Rich? And then I have a follow-up.
Rich Templeton: Yes. So I will set up and I will let Rafael cover it. The answer is, no change, Ambrish, because we really have tried to have a very thoughtful long term plan. But I think it's helpful for Rafael to summarize some of those plans.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So just to comment and Ambrish, as you said and Rich just confirmed that, yes, there is change in the way we think of our capital management and our long term objectives. So as I said earlier, cash return, return all free cash flow. On dividend specifically, as you alluded to, the objective is provide a sustainable and growing dividend to appeal to a broader set of owners. And as a reminder, on a trailing 12-month basis, our dividend was a 55% of our free cash flow now. Of course, as a backwards-looking metric, I understand that. But it's great place to start. Frankly, few companies are at that level in our industry and in the S&P 500. So it's a great place to start. But that objective of providing a sustainable and growing dividend, it has been and continues to be very important for us.
Dave Pahl: Follow-on, Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes, I did and this is more to do, I think Chris asked a good question on structural changes. Given that we are working from home, at least those of us who can afford to work from home, how is it impacting the design activity that TI engages in, in multiple geos, multiple customers, so many end markets? What's the right way to think about the changes that you are seeing there? And odes it portend poorly for when we ultimately get to a more "normal world"?
Rich Templeton: Ambrish, it's why we included in my remarks comments about how we are operating and it's one of these deals produced an update for internal. And basically, I had a bunch of people telling me, gosh, we got lucky on some things. And I explained, there is this great quote that, luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. And we put in place this mass-market selling, really virtual selling techniques starting three years ago. It's an instituted standard process. Our sales teams work at applications, people work at comfortable with customers. And so it's almost been like nothing has changed in terms of where we spend our time working between ourselves and the customers. They all want to do it on the phone anyhow. Our products group connecting in on that.So the readiness that we had to operate in this world is actually enormously high. Having ti.com more capable to support customers' decisions to be able to support online commerce as we are bringing more customers direct, the comfort of our product groups, design engineers and people to work collaboratively because we have always had to do that is really very unchanged. I do think people are working more hours just because the days and hours tend to blend into one another, as I am sure everybody on this call is experiencing. But it's very impressive to watch the team performing and watching what it's getting done. We are even at that point where all the set of customer visits even next week where those customer visits will be virtual as well. So we are just well into the way of operating this way.
Rafael Lizardi: I just want to comment on a slightly different topic, but related in the spirit of preparation meeting opportunity. I just want to highlight and we talked about it during the prepared remarks, but we were prepared for the unforeseen disruptions with a combination of our inventory strategy, our business continuity program and our geographically diverse manufacturing footprint, which of course is part of our one of our competitive advantages of manufacturing and technology. So we have in all of those together, we were able and continue to be able to provide our customers with short lead times and inventory availability in this time when they need it most, not now and the coming of quarters when their visibility will be impaired.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And I would say that we have had customers actually contact us and they are rather surprised that our lead times are stable and they can get the product that they need. So they are very happy with that.So thank you, Ambrish. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: And next is Harlan Sur, JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question and appreciate the additional commentary and Rich being on the call today. I know you guys don't like to talk about sort of specific geographies. But fact of the matter is, China is coming out of this pandemic and starting to open up their economy and throwing quite a bit of stimulus at it. Are you seeing this being reflected in your order rates or consignment forecast for your domestic China customers? And roughly what percentage of your business today comes from domestic China consumption?
Dave Pahl: Yes. I will start and please chime in, Rafael, if you would like. So again I will give the numbers of products of where we actually ship the product but always offer the caution that it's where the box ships from. So we have got 50% of our product ships into China. But again, like you know, cellular phones as an example may be built there, may be designed in California and end up in Europe as an example. And yes, we are seeing those factories coming back online as we talked about in our prepared remarks. Yet, I think the uncertainty is how much demand will actually be there as those factories come back online. And I think that that's what's creating that uncertainty.So do you have follow-on?
Harlan Sur: Yes. Thank you for that. So IHS in its most recent forecast is calling for global little vehicle production to drop almost 20% this year. This is twice the year-over-year drop as experienced in the 2008, 2009 financial crisis. Outside maybe just the near term inventory correction to kind of normalize to the lower production trends, how is the TI team thinking about your content growth in auto to potentially partially offset significant decline in production this year?
Dave Pahl: Yes. I think Harlan, I will make a couple of comments and Rich, if you want to jump in afterwards, feel free to. And I think that what's important for us is just the longer term opportunity in automotive remains unchanged. And we continue to invest in five different sectors inside of automotive. There will be more content per vehicle, as you know, Harlan, as you are pointing to. We will respond tactically to those changes in demand and we know how to do that and take care that operationally. That's not something that we will be able to control, but we will keep our investments steady and be prepared to support that growing opportunity as it arrives.So Rich, you have anything to add to that?
Rich Templeton: Yes. I would just, Harlan, amplify as I suggested earlier that the secular growth theme that are embedded in things like automotive or embedded in industrial are alive and well, okay. They are going to be with us. They are not going to offset a 20% SAAR drop in any one year and you know that. I think everybody does. But when it comes to making investments, as Dave said very well, you have got to be looking five and six years out. And we think automotive will continue to be a great average upper of our long term growth and outperformance.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you Harlan. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: And up next is Toshiya Hari, Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks very much for taking the question. I just had one, probably for Rich. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the competitive landscape that you are seeing today, both in embedded processing as well as analog? You guys have been a pretty consistent share gainer over the past five, 10, 15 years. I wanted to get your thoughts on share growth potential going forward. Obviously, you guys are going through this recession which all else equal, I would think would be positive for industry leaders like yourself. You are also going through the go-to-market strategy change. You have also got the trade tensions between the U.S. and China. So we think about those three items, if you can talk to your confidence level around share growth over the next, call it, three to five years, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Rich Templeton: Yes. Toshi, I think you have almost answered the question. I think you described a couple of secular tailwinds if we do our job well where the secular headwind depending on trade tensions, but even there, if we do our job well, I think we can mitigate some of that. I think you also and I am sure Dave is smiling, you got to the right context, which is you have got to look at this over two, three and four years. I think we remind everybody all the time. And so you look at the share we gained going into and then the position we were coming out of 2009 downturn and we gained momentum in that and that certainly what our plans are right now. And that is about both analog and embedded. And it's about the markets that we focus on. It's the customers, the products, the technology, the capability like ti.com that we put in place. And it's where all our energy is going on a weekly and daily basis to get better at that.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you Toshiya. We will go to next caller please.
Operator: Next up is Timothy Arcuri, UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I have two. I guess the first one, Rich, is another sort of another how to think about how those things evolve, I guess, move around. And I [indiscernible] --
Dave Pahl: Hello? Hi Tim?
Timothy Arcuri: Yes.
Dave Pahl: Yes. we are having trouble hearing you. Could you start over please?
Timothy Arcuri: Sure. Okay. So the first question really is around how the cycle evolves and how to think about it? And I guess I understand that the magnitude, the peak to trough magnitude is hard to look back at 2008 and to sort of look at that. But it seems like the near term supply chain boost that or the concerns that customers have about that, that's boosting near term demand, it seems like for you that effect is sort of beginning to wane maybe a little earlier than others because of your consignment model. So frankly, you are seeing it first and I wonder if you agree with that that it relates to the consignment model? And I guess the question is, does that agree that or does that argue that you would maybe see it out the other side first as well?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Tim, so I don't know, so first of all, we haven't seen what others have reported yet or what they have seen some. So it's probably too early to do that. And we have had theories of us seeing it early and seeing it late, just rather not weigh in on that debate and just report the facts that we have and let others debate it, right.We do believe that by pulling and controlling that inventory, we will get much cleaner signals. But as we talked about before, our customers right now, they are not sure what their demand is going to look like. And so what they are telling us hasn't been updated yet. So even what they are telling us isn't completely clear. So it's going to take a little bit of time before all that stuff is updated.So you have a follow-on?
Timothy Arcuri: I do, yes. For Rafael. So I guess on inventory. So if I assume that it's sort of flat to up in dollar terms, obviously your days are going to go way up in June, maybe they are 170 or 180 days like that and possibly they are up again in September. I guess I was just wondering like, can you give us some sense of what the pain point is where you might cut utilization? Is it an inventory dollar thing? Is it days thing? Or is it sort of just duration of recovery thing? Thanks.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Good question. First, let me step back and remind you that for us, the objective of inventory is to maintain high levels of customer service, minimize obsolescence while we improve manufacturing asset utilization. The target of 115 to 145, frankly is kind of incidental, right. It's just a calculation. At the end of the day, this is a capital allocation decision. We are going to -- we have $2.0 billion-some of inventory. That's real money that's on the balance sheet that if wasn't there, it would be back in the owners bucket.So we are very thoughtful in how we are going to, how we make those decisions to put potentially more inventory on that balance sheet, right. That's less cash that we have. But we just think it is going to give us great optionality throughout this thing, right. And you know, like any decision when it comes to capital management, it's going to depend, right. So that's the decision we are making now. We have to see how thing develop in the coming months and based on that, we will adjust.The important thing, the inventory lasts a long time. This is inventory that is scrap level. This inventory is very, very low. So the others, well, there's a working capital and an opportunity cost to it, but it is very low given that is highly unlikely that it is going to be scrap. And it gives us just tremendous optionality on the other side.
Rich Templeton: Okay. Just to follow-up Rafael and Tim, Rafael said this before, so it's just me repeating his comments. The other thing to keep in mind and you spelled this out is, well, our inventory would be growing in second quarter. We will drain yet again distribution inventory. So we have just got to keep these multiple variables in mind and it just keeps putting us in a better and better position when we are doing that. So our balance sheet may show higher inventory but we love the fact that that channel inventory will be getting leaner and leaner and the inventory will be in one place where we can get the most effective use out of it.
Rafael Lizardi: I will go ahead and add, when you and all the investors listening on the call, when you compare us to most or maybe all of our competitors, our balance sheet is very different in that regard because we have many consignment arrangement. Well, 65%, two-thirds of our revenue goes through consignment whether it's through distribution or directly with the end customer. So that puts upwards pressure on that inventory level that we have. We also have our own manufacturing too, including assembly test operation, whereas to a very high degree, about 80% of our output goes through our fabs and maybe 60% or 70% through our assembly test operation. So that's also very different than our competitors. So that's why it's not apples-to-apples when you compare our inventory levels to those of our competitors. But let me make the point out though that we think owning and controlling that inventory is a strategic asset. So we are very pleased we are having those consignment arrangement. Clearly, very pleased with owning our own manufacturing and what that has enabled us to do any time, but particularly in times of disruption like what we just experienced and continue to experience where it just really puts us in a much better position to support our customers.
Dave Pahl: Right. Okay, I think we have time for one last caller.
Operator: And we will go to Mark Lipacis, Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis: Great. Thanks for taking my question. So I had one. Our own fieldwork in the supply chain downstream from you guys indicate that inventories are indeed like normal, if not lean levels and as the virus spreads around the world to places like Malaysia and Philippines, that the shortages of components, understanding that your inventories are at the high end of the range and not hearing anything about TI shortages. But basically supply is being disruptive and there is a reticence to give up any excess inventories downstream for you. I am wondering if you could describe what you are seeing on your own supplier base that you want to run your factory at consistent levels here. Are you seeing any of these supply chain disruptions that your customers are seeing at other components? Are you seeing that? And how are you managing that? And there is a risk that you are not going to be able to run your capacities consistently because of your own supply disruptions? That's all I had.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Not a problem. The short answer to that is, we are not seeing anything worth mentioning on this call. Little things here and there. But nothing that we can not manage. Remember, I referred to our business continuity program and we have been -- in this call, we have been mainly about inventory, finished goods inventory that we carry. But that also applies on multiple other angles. So for example, we also carry raw material inventory buffer. We have many dual and triple and quadruple sourcing of key raw materials. And we also have as I have talked about earlier geographically diverse manufacturing footprint in Malaysia, in the Philippines, in Taiwan, in Mexico, in China. So that just really puts us in a very good position. It also gives us leverage to work with the suppliers which by the way, we pay them in 30 days. We make that as part of our thinking to be fair to those suppliers and we don't play games on that. So that's also from a long term relationship standpoint, I think we are in very good shape with all of those suppliers.
Dave Pahl: Would you like to wrap this up?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So let me just wrap up by reiterating what we have said previously. History has shown us that it is times like this when we can make the most strategic progress. We will continue to invest in and strengthen our four competitive advantages which are manufacturing and technology, portfolio breadth, market reach and diverse and long-lived products. We will also continue to pursue the three ambitions rich mentioned. We will act like owners who will on the company for decades. We will adapt in a world that's ever changing. And we will be a company that we are personally proud to be a part of and would be proud to have as a neighbor. When we are successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners will all benefit. It is these ambitions that will guide our decisions in the weeks and months ahead as we navigate these uncertain times. Our best to you and your family.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments Fourth Quarter 2019 and 2019 Year-End Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and 2019 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. First, let me provide some information that's important for your calendars. We plan to hold a call to review our capital management strategy on February 4 at 10 a.m. Central Time. Similar to what we've done in the past, Rafael and I will provide insight into our strategy. For today's call, let me start by summarizing what Rafael and I will be reviewing. I'll be covering the following topics: first, a high-level summary of the financial results for the fourth quarter; second, I'll provide some comments about what we're seeing with added insight by segment and end market and explain why we would characterize the market as showing signs of stabilizing; and finally, since this is the end of the calendar year, I'll provide a summary of our performance by end market for 2019. Rafael will then review profitability, capital management results and then the outlook, after which we'll open the call for Q&A. Starting with a high-level summary of the fourth quarter financial results. Revenue was $3.35 billion, a decrease of 10% from a year ago, and EPS was $1.12 per share, including a $0.01 benefit not in our original guidance. Revenue came in above the midpoint of our guidance with a relative strength across all markets. At the company level, our year-on-year decline abated slightly from 11% in the third quarter to 10% in the fourth quarter. While this is only a marginal improvement, all end markets reduced the rate of decline substantially with the exception of communications equipment where the year-over-year decline increased about as expected given the strength in this end market in the year ago quarter. In fourth quarter 2019, Analog revenue declined 5% and Embedded Processing revenue declined 20% compared with the same quarter a year ago. Analog's year-on-year rate of decline went from 8% in the third quarter to 5% in the fourth quarter, and Embedded's decline slightly increased from 19% to 20% over the same period. When we look at the market, since 90 days ago, we moved from the third quarter where customers were increasingly cautious to the fourth quarter where results and behavior throughout the quarter reflected what we believe is best described as demand stabilizing. Based on history, this would imply that customer and channel inventory that built up during 2017 and '18 would now mostly be depleted. This suggests that demand this year will be more a function of our customers' end demand and, therefore, the macro economy, which may continue to be uncertain. Moving on, I'll now provide some details on the fourth quarter by segment and end market. From the year ago quarter, Analog revenue declined 5% due to declines in Signal Chain, High Volume and Power. Embedded Processing revenue declined 20% from the year ago quarter primarily due to Processors, Connected Microcontrollers also declined. Our Other segment declined 24% from the year ago quarter. For the year in total, Analog declined 5% and Embedded declined 17%. Analog and Embedded combined were 92% of revenue. From an end market perspective, in the fourth quarter, all markets declined year-on-year 3% to 4%, with the exception of communications equipment. Communications equipment declined about 50% from the year ago quarter, about as expected as all major customers, geographies and technologies declined. Next, as we do at the end of each calendar year, I'll describe our revenue by end market for 2019. We break this into six categories: industrial; automotive; personal electronics, which includes products such as mobile phones, PCs, tablets and TVs; communications equipment; enterprise systems; and other, which is primarily calculators. As a percentage of revenue for the year, industrial was 36%; automotive, 21%; personal electronics, 23%; communications equipment, 11%; enterprise systems 6%; and other was 3%. Looking at the changes versus 2018, automotive increased by 1 percentage point, enterprise systems decreased by 1 percentage point and the remaining markets were unchanged. In 2019, industrial and automotive combined made up 57% of TI's revenue, up 1 percentage point from last year and up from 42% in 2013. We've established momentum in these markets, and we see great opportunity ahead.[ Next, one of our competitive advantages is diversity and longevity, which can be measured in multiple dimensions. From a diversity perspective, we have over 100,000 customers and tens of thousands of devices. In 2019, almost 2/3 of our revenue came from customers who bought $100 million or less of our products. In 2019, our top 10 devices represented about 5% of our revenue, and the top 100th device was less than 0.1% of our revenue. From a longevity perspective, over 40% of our revenue came from devices that we've been producing for at least 10 years. Our investments are directed to continue to diversify our growth across products, markets and customers, strengthening this competitive advantage. Next, we are announcing today that we will be closing our last 2 6-inch or 150-millimeter wafer fabs, which are both more than 50 years old. This will be a multiyear plan and is expected to be completed no earlier than 2023 and no later than 2025. There are no charges in this quarter's results, and we'll keep you updated as needed in the future. Separately, our plans to build our next 300-millimeter factory in Richardson, Texas, are underway with dirt moving and cranes on site. We expect the building shell to be complete by the end of 2021 and ready to install tools when needed to meet market demand, which will allow us to continue to support growth and strengthen our manufacturing and technology competitive advantage. So to wrap up, we remain focused on Analog and Embedded, the best products. We remain focused on the industrial and automotive markets, the best markets and still be the fastest-growing semiconductor markets as they have increasing semiconductor content and also provide diversity and longevity. All of this translates to a high terminal value of our portfolio. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.1 billion or 63% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue. Gross profit margin decreased 220 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $798 million, down 2% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 22% of revenue. For the year, we have invested $1.5 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. We're pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D, which we believe will allow us to continue to grow our top line over the long term. Acquisition charges and noncash expense were $50 million. Acquisition charges will remain at about $50 million through the third quarter of 2021. Operating profit was $1.2 billion or 37% of revenue. Operating profit was down 18% from the year ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 42%, down from 47% a year ago; and for Embedded Processing was 25%, down from 30% a year ago. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions will enable both businesses to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth over time. Other income and - net income in the fourth quarter was $1.1 billion or $1.12 per share, which included a $0.01 benefit for items that were not in our prior outlook, as we have discussed. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.8 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $163 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.8 billion, down 4% from a year ago. In the quarter, we paid $841 million in dividends, an increase of 17% per share, marked our 16th year of dividend increases. We repurchased $489 million of our stock for a total return to owners of $1.3 billion. In total, we have returned $6 billion in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return all free cash flow to our owners. Over the same period, our dividends represented 52% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $5.4 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the fourth quarter. Total debt was $5.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.99%. Inventory days were 144, down eight days from a year ago and up five days sequentially. We are pleased with our inventory, and it is positioned to support growth. Now let's look at some of these results for a year. In 2019, cash flow from operations was $6.6 billion. Capital expenditures were $847 million or 6% of revenue. Free cash flow for 2019 was $5.8 billion or 40% of revenue. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we have said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term and will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders. We remain committed to return all free cash flow to owners. Over the last 12 months, we paid $3 billion in dividends and purchased $3 billion of our own shares, reducing outstanding share count by 1.4% in 2019 and by 46% since the end of 2004 when we initiated a program designed to reduce our share count. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter. We expect TI revenue in the range of $3.12 billion to $3.38 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.96 to $1.14, which includes an estimated $20 million discrete tax benefit. We continue to expect our 2020 annual operating tax rate to be above 15%. As usual, details of our expectations for taxes can be found on our IR website under Financial Summary Data. In closing, as Dave mentioned, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages with our manufacturing and technology, portfolio breadth, market reach and diverse and long-lived products. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best products, Analog and Embedded Processing, and the best markets, industrial and automotive, which we believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Congratulations on the solid results. I guess, Dave and Rafael, just relative to the March quarter guidance, at the midpoint, you're guiding down about 3% sequentially, which is in line with kind of historic seasonality for the March quarter. But typically, off the bottom of the cycle, you can get some above seasonal. And at the midpoint, the year-over-year is just modestly getting better from December to March. So I'm just wondering what - if there's anything specific in the March quarter as to why it's not a little bit better than seasonal, and specifically, anything around distribution strategy that might be a headwind in Q1. And then I have a follow-up.
Dave Pahl: Yes, John, I'll take that, and Rafael can add if he'd like. I think - so to answer the last part of that question, there's nothing in the sequential guidance that would suggest there's any headwinds from distribution. We've talked about before that we would expect as we make the transition in distribution, it will look similar from a revenue headwind as we've seen with consignment. So there will be some there, but we've already got some of the headwinds from the transitions that we've made in consignment. And I think the second part is as we're seeing those signs of stabilization, we talked about that history would suggest that the growth is going to reflect the end demand of the customers and, therefore, the macro economy. So as we go through the year, that's what will be the driving force overall.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. The only other thing I would add is, as Dave mentioned during the prepared remarks, our comms equipment was down year-on-year significantly as there was a tough compare a year ago. Well, 1Q '20 is going to have an even tougher compare on comms equipment. You may recall what was going on in 1Q '19 on that front.
Dave Pahl: Right. Was growing pretty significantly year-on-year. Okay, John, do you have a follow-on?
John Pitzer: Yes. And then my second question is just around the Embedded business. I know that the SIA MCU data is not necessarily the best proxy for that business. But when you kind of compare your results to that data, up until this most recent correction, you guys were sort of consistently outgrowing the SIA MCU data. Your Embedded business has now gone through 5 or 6 quarters of kind of undergrowing. And I'm just wondering if you could help us talk through maybe potential share loss. And I know you talked about CPU specifically being weak within Embedded, is that specific to an end market like comms? Or how do we think about that?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So first, John, I think you're putting in a good context. And as you've stated, we believe share changes just need to be judged over long periods of time. And so if you look at the revenue performance of Embedded over the last several years, we've had that significant outperformance, as you pointed out, in '17 and '18. Last year, we probably gave some of that back. So I just point out that in the most recent quarter, at the TI level, so Analog and Embedded, we saw that - those signs of stabilization but - in every market, so behaving similarly except communications equipment. So thank you, John.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Trying to get to the trajectory and maybe the stabilization in turn. Dave, I know you said it was pretty broad-based on how you upsided the fourth quarter of last year. But can you give us what the sequential changes were by the end markets? I know you gave the year-over-year specifically, but if you could give that for the fourth quarter, that would be helpful.
Dave Pahl: Yes, certainly, Ross. So these are all sequential compares. Industrial declined mid-single digits. Automotive was about even. Personal electronics declined high single digits. Comms equipment declined about 20%. And enterprise systems grew in the low single digits. Do you have a follow-on, Ross?
Ross Seymore: Yes. I just wanted to think about the - you talked about shutting down the two 6-inch fabs. You told us about starting up the 300-millimeter. So maybe a two parter, if I may. Can you talk about the utilization plans in the first quarter? And how do we think about CapEx? I know you said you're moving dirt and you have cranes there, but out of that $600 million or $700 million cost that you said for the new 300-millimeter fab, how does that fold in, in 2020?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So Ross, you asked a bunch of questions there. Let me try. I'll answer the ones I remember. So first, let me emphasize, yes, we're closing two - our two fabs that still have some 150-millimeter equipment. And they're over 50 years old, and they'll be closed by as early as 2023 or as late as 2025, somewhere in that time frame. We have about $1.5 billion of revenue that run through those factories. And of course, we're moving most of that revenue, virtually all, to 300-millimeter, saw a significant cost advantage, as we have talked about over the years. The new factory, so let me talk about the new factory. Yes, we've got dirt moving, cranes are there, plans are underway. We should have the building finished by the end of 2021. And at that point, we can put equipment as needed to support demand. From a CapEx standpoint, you want to model that at 6% of revenue. We just finished 2019 with CapEx at 6% of revenue, and you should model that going forward at about that same level.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Ross.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danley, Citigroup.
Christopher Danely: I'm going to put the hindsight as 2020 theory to the test here. So now that we've kind of gone through this dip and recovery, maybe just talk about why you think your sales and bookings fell off so sharply in late summer. And then what's - why are the customers a little more, I guess, a little more optimistic right now? And then do you feel better about your business now versus, let's call it, six months ago over the summer?
Dave Pahl: Okay. Well, I'll start off, and Rafael, if you want to add anything. I think as we go through any cycle, they're all similar in a lot of ways and different in others. And to put it in context, you'd have to go back to third quarter of '18. Running up to that, we had 10 quarters of year-on-year growth. So you never know as you're going through that you're going to have 10 or 12 or 14 quarters of year-on-year growth, but you expect at some point that the industry would run below. And so as we started that, we thought we were - what we were seeing was mostly an inventory - industry, rather, correction as we're working through that. Certainly, trade tensions, probably elongated that cycle and part of the reasons why we saw that other leg down later last year. And so - and can you remind me the second part - or do we feel better about the business. I think that strategically, we felt that we continue to stay focused on improving our four competitive advantages. We haven't slowed down investments, and we talk about our fabs underway. If you look at the OpEx investments that we have made, those have stayed steady, focused on areas of diversifying our growth in industrial and automotive. So I think we feel just as good today as we did about the business. The cycles will come and go.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I would just add, as Dave mentioned, strategically, we are well positioned, have been, that hasn't changed. So we continue to feel as good as ever on that front. And then operationally, we just - we've got to be ready for whatever the market throws at us. So if this was - is going to last longer, we've got to be ready for that, if things are going to head south, but we also got to be ready if things turn around, and then we're going to start seeing year-on-year growth. So - and our business model allows us to do that, and we're well positioned for it.
Dave Pahl: Great. Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Christopher Danely: Yes. Just a longer-term question on the Embedded Processing business. So if you look at the last couple of years, it has materially undergrown the overall business, and we're still running it, I think it's about 10% lower margins than the corporate average. So what are you guys thinking about? What should we be thinking about sort of the long-term goals or aspirations for the Embedded business just in terms of relative revenue growth or profits? Do we expect it to improve or not improve? And if it's not going to improve, is there anything you could do to change that?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I'll give you a few comments on that. As far as expectations, you mentioned margin. Frankly, that's not - Embedded is lower margin than Analog, but that is a nonissue. As long as their - Embedded contributes to free cash flow growth, that's the measure in stake. Obviously, the top line has gone through some challenges here that Dave talked about earlier. But longer term, with their focus on auto and industrial, in all of our businesses, but that includes Embedded, we feel confident that, that business will grow longer term.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you, Chris.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: I was hoping to better understand what you're seeing in the comms business. I appreciate the year ago quarter was a high compare, but the business was down 50%, as Dave you noted. Curious how big Huawei was as a percentage of that decline in Q4. And more importantly, how are you guys thinking about the trajectory for this business into 2020? And then I have a follow-up.
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yes. So Huawei last year was 3% to 4% of our revenue. That's really unchanged from what it was the prior year. And I think if you look at comms equipment overall, if you'll just look at the shape of the growth curve, you had the year kind of balanced with strong growth in the first part and followed by very weak growth in the second half. So the way that it's behaving, I don't think is - well, it isn't a surprise to us. As we were going through that very strong growth, we tried to remind everyone at the time that, that market is a market that's just choppy. And it's that way primarily in early phases of technology deployment. I think longer term, as we've talked about on our capital management presentation, we don't believe that, that will be a growth driver for us or for the industry, and that's just based on the number of subscribers that are out in the market and what the capital spending by operators will be longer term. So we really think that growth in our industry will be driven by industrial and automotive, and hence, why we've biased our investments into those areas. Do you have a follow-on?
Toshiya Hari: Yes, great. And sort of related to that, Dave, it was encouraging to see R&D intensity or R&D as a percentage of sales pick up in 2019 versus 2018. I mean it had felt like R&D was in decline for a number of years, so it was good to see that pick up. Can you remind us which product areas, technologies, end markets that you guys are focused on? I realize it's going to be industrial and automotive, but if you can give a little bit more color within those two end markets, that would be helpful.
Rafael Lizardi: So of course, from an end market standpoint, as you said, is industrial, automotive, that's where we're focusing. From a product standpoint is Embedded and Analog. But of course, inside of that, there's a bunch of pieces. So I'll mention a few. But I mean, at the highest level is - in the case of Analog is Signal Chain and Power. Those are by far the biggest areas. But - and underneath that, there's just a bunch of things. There's the - within Power, there's all kinds of power categories and then within Signal Chain. But Dave, do you want to add something?
Dave Pahl: Yes. I'll just say when we think of allocating capital to R&D, there's really three major buckets. And the largest bucket is - goes directly to product - creation of new products. We release 300 to 400 new products a year. The other two is kind of a shared, centralized R&D function that develops our process technologies, packaging tools that our engineers use like SPICE models and those types of things. And then the third category is the Kilby Labs where longer term, higher risk investments are made, new materials, new markets and those types of things. So that's where the R&D has been directed. I describe R&D last year as steady and stable. And I think that even in a down market, keeping those investments stable, keeping focused on investing in our four competitive advantages is really important overall. So thank you, Toshi.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Harlan Sur of JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Looks like the year-over-year declines have improved quite a bit in auto and industrial, moving from down high single digits year-over-year to down low single digits going from September to December. Of the 18 subsegments within these two end markets or by geography, where do you guys see signs of improvement? Or was it pretty broad-based?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So it is the latter. It was very broad-based, which I think continues to be encouraging on that front. And again, just given the diversity of our customers as well as the diversity - the intentional diversity of our investments to have that growth be broad-based, it's good to see that that's the way the business is performing. Do you have a follow-up?
Harlan Sur: Yes, absolutely. As you guys mentioned, looks like the team is now shipping to consumption. The guidance for this quarter is for a seasonal decline. But given that Q2 and Q3 are typically seasonally stronger quarters, do you guys anticipate increasing factory loadings here in the March quarter?
Rafael Lizardi: We only talk about utilization and factory loadings when there's significant inflection points. And in this particular comparison, fourth to first, we don't expect a significant inflection point. So we're not talking about it. Of course, wafer load utilization is always a function of what we expect for future growth.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And we'll vary those based on order patterns and as we see demand come in from customers. So thank you, Harlan.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ambrish Srivastava of Bank of Montreal.
Ambrish Srivastava: I just wanted to peel back the comments on stabilization. Both these businesses, industrials and autos and specifically, industrials, I forget, but I think there's 12, 13 subsegments. So when you talk about stabilization, I'm assuming - well, you never had any channel inventory buildup. Your channel inventory was pretty normal through the cycle and your lead times never extended out. So can you just help us understand a little bit what's the source of stabilization? Is it - it can't be the channel. So it's the end customer, but then you have thousands of end customers. So what's the right way to think to get comfort that you are seeing stabilization in that business specifically?
Dave Pahl: Well, Ambrish, yes, so it's reflected in the - stabilization is reflected in the order patterns, the demands that we see through consignment and actually the results themselves. So we went from third quarter where those markets were declining high single digits, 8%, 9%, some of them at 10%, to where all those markets were declining at 3%, 4%. So in those numbers, it suggests that there's a bottoming process. And even though we're holding - in consignment programs, we're holding that inventory on our balance sheet, certainly, our customers have inventory of their products and then they have inventories that are down their channels. So just as the bullwhip effect would suggest that you have a small change in end demand as that moves its way back, that magnifies. So we can see the results of that beginning to abate. Do you have a follow-on?
Ambrish Srivastava: I did. Free cash flow margin. So you guys have powered through the 25%, 35% range you had given a couple of years ago. And you just had 40% in revenues down, not getting the math right, but somewhere in the high single digit, and free cash flow is down 4%. So would it be fair to assume that the targets should be moved up when we hear you talk about capital allocation in a couple of weeks from now?
Rafael Lizardi: So let me take that. So thanks for the cue on that. So we do have the capital management call coming on February 4. So I expect all of you to sign up for that and join us there. And we will talk about the various objectives there. But I'll give you a preview. We're not changing those objectives and specifically, that one that you talked about, we're not. And the reason for that, yes, we just finished a 40% free cash flow as a percent of revenue, but the focus is not that percent, right? The way we maximize value for the owners of the company is growing their free cash flow per share for a long time to come. So we focus on that, and that's how we drive value.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Ambrish.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tore Svanberg of Stifel.
Tore Svanberg: First of all, coming back to the sort of recovery question, I mean, stabilization and eventual recovery. Are you starting to see backlog further out now? Or do you think it's kind of more just in time and kind of just waiting for how macro unfolds throughout the year?
Dave Pahl: Yes, Tore. Now just for those that aren't as familiar with us, I'll just remind everyone or just point out that 2/3 of our revenues are supported by consignment where we actually don't carry backlog but we do get demand forecast. And most of the time, that's at least six months of demand that we can see. So - and then there's no inventory. As Ambrish was pointing out in his earlier call, there's no inventory between us and those manufacturing lines for those customers. So that's actually the strongest signal that we will get when we're looking at future demand. But certainly, the backlog pays - plays a part of that. So I'd just say that, in general, that it's consistent with the outlook that we have. And our lead times haven't changed - it hasn't really changed at all. So they have remained stable. So that allows customers to have confidence that they can get product when they need it. So do you have a follow-on?
Tore Svanberg: Yes. And I apologize for ending on this topic, but there's a lot of concerns about China in-sourcing, including Analog and Embedded Processing. I was just wondering what the company's strategy is on that topic. I mean is it - is sort of life is normal? Or do you actually have a long-term strategy as it relates to that particular topic?
Dave Pahl: Yes. I'll start and if Rafael wants to add anything. And certainly, as we worked through the year with the trade tensions and as that has unfolded, we've certainly heard discussions at Chinese customers, them wanting to ensure that they've got alternatives. But in the end, our customers are just very pragmatic, and they're looking for components with the highest performance, the lowest cost, the most dependable delivery. And those are all areas that we're very, very strong competitively in. With that, I'll turn it over to Rafael to wrap things up.
Rafael Lizardi: All right. So let me finish with a few comments on key items for you to remember. We will remain focused on Analog and Embedded, the best products, and industrial and automotive, the best markets. Next, we will be disciplined in executing our capital management strategy and remain committed to returning free cash flow to the owners of the company. And lastly, we believe growing free cash flow per share over the long term is what will maximize value for the owners of the company.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you for joining us tonight. Good night.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments' 3Q 2019 earnings release conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. For today's call, let me start by summarizing what Rafael and I will be reviewing. I will be covering the following topics: First, a high-level summary of the financial results for the third quarter. Second, given the additional weakness we have seen, I will provide some comments about what we are seeing with added insight by segment and end market. Rafael will then review profitability, capital management results and then the outlook, after which will open the call for Q&A Starting with a high-level summary of our third quarter financial results. Revenue decreased 11% from a year ago and came in below the midpoint of our guidance as we saw most end markets continued to weaken further. In our core businesses, analog revenue declined 8% and embedded processing revenue declined 19% compared with the same quarter a year ago. Both business' year-on-year year growth decelerated. Earnings per share were $1.49, including a $0.09 benefit for items not in our original guidance due to discrete tax benefits. With that backdrop, I will now provide details on our performance. In the third quarter, our cash flow from operations was $2 billion. As we note each quarter, we believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term. We remain committed to returning all of our free cash flow to owners. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-months period was $6 billion, up 2% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin for the same period was 41% of revenue. We continue to benefit from the quality of our product portfolio that is long-lived and diverse and the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300 millimeter analog output. We believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it's productively invested in the business or if it's returned to owners. For the trailing 12-months period, we returned $7.4 billion of cash to owners through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases, demonstrating our confidence in the business model and our commitment to return all of our free cash flow to owners. Moving on, I will now provide some details on the third quarter by segment and end market. For the year ago quarter, analog revenue declined 8% due to declines in power, signal chain and high volume. Embedded processing revenue declined 19% from the year ago quarter due to declines in both product lines, processors and connected microcontrollers. All markets declined across embedded, but the declines were most pronounced in the automotive and communications equipment markets. Other declined by 19% from the year ago quarter due to DLP and custom ASICs. Next, I will provide some comments on what we are seeing in the market and insight into this quarter's performance by end market versus a year ago. As we said, when you look at 30 years of history, semiconductor cycles can vary widely but typically experienced four to five quarters of year-on-year declines before returning to positive growth. We have also said that the current trade tensions could impact the depth and duration of the cycle. We have provided these comments as contexts not as a prediction about the current cycle. With the end of this current quarter, we have now experienced our fourth consecutive quarter of negative year-on-year growth. There is an increasing number of reports of macroeconomic weakness with trade tensions as the primary contributor. Consistent with this, the weakness we have seen in the third quarter was broad-based across all markets and most sectors. Industrial, automotive and personal electronics, all declined upper single digits from the year ago as almost all 28 sectors within these markets declined. In communications equipment, revenue declined about 35% from the year ago and 20% sequentially. We saw weakness across all major customers, regions and technologies. And lastly, enterprise systems declined from the year ago quarter. We have learned over the years that staying focused on building the company stronger, especially in the face of a weak market provides great long term rewards. We continue to invest in and leverage our competitive advantages. The breadth of our product portfolio and channels to market including our direct sales and applications team as well as TI.com provides us the broadest reach to your customer base, a unique advantage. We have been evolving our distribution network over the years and continue to do so today as we build stronger direct relationships with our customers. We remain focused on analog and embedded, the best products. We remain focused on industrial and automotive, the best market. They will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets as they have increasing semiconductor content and also provide diversity and longevity. All of this translates to a high terminal value of our portfolio. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and the outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.45 billion or 65% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased due to lower revenue. Gross profit margin decreased 90 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $778 million, about even from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 22% of revenue. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.56 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. We are pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D which we believe will allow us to continue to grow our topline over the long term. Acquisition charges and non-cash expense were $79 million. Acquisition charges will decline to about $50 million in the fourth quarter and will remain at that level through the third quarter of 2021. Operating profit was $1.59 billion or 42% of revenue. Operating profit was down 18% from the year ago quarter. Operating margin for analog was 46%, down from 50% a year ago and for embedded processing was 32%, down from 35% a year ago. Despite current weakness, our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions will enable both businesses to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth over time. Other income and expense was a $34 million benefit, up $11 million from a year ago. Net income in the third quarter was $1.43 billion or $1.49 per share, which included a $0.09 benefit for items that were not in our prior outlook, as we have discussed. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.99 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $149 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-months basis was $6.03 billion. In September, we announced we would increase our quarterly dividend by 17%, marking our 16th year of dividend increases. In the quarter, we paid $721 million in dividends and repurchased $456 million of our stock for a total return to owners of $1.18 billion. In total, we have returned $7.38 billion in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return all free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 48% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $5.07 billion of cash and short term investments at the end of the third quarter. In the quarter, we repaid $750 million of debt and issued $750 million of debt with a coupon of 2.25% due in 10 years. This results in total debt of $5.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.99%. Inventory days were 139, up eight days from a year ago and down four days sequentially. We are pleased with the progress we have made replenishing inventory of low volume devices and implementing the next phase of our consignment programs. Work in both of these areas is mostly complete. Given the weaker environment, we have reduced wafer starts to align with demand. Turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter. We expect TI revenue in the range of $3.07 to $3.33 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.91 to $1.09, which includes an estimated $5 million discrete tax benefit. We continue to expect our annual operating tax rate to be about 16% for 2019, As a reminder, acquisition charges will decline to about $50 million in the fourth quarter and remain at that level through the third quarter of 2021. In closing, as Dave mentioned, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are technology and manufacturing, portfolio breadth, market reach and diverse and long-lived products. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best products, analog and embedded processing and the best markets, industrial and automotive, which we believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask a question, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Vivek Arya of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. The first one is on the Q4 outlook. How do we get confidence that this isn't company specific or share loss, because when we looked at some of the SIA data for July and August, it was more positive. So is it anything that is company specific in Q4, because the guidance is substantially below? We understand the macro environment is not that great. But is there anything one-off company specific that is impacting your guidance? Is there any share loss issue? Any other color that you could provide would be very helpful.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Vivek, I will take that. I would say, state the obvious, obviously the SIA numbers are more backward-looking versus the looking into fourth quarter. And I think when you judge share and we have talked about this in past, but you really need to judge it over multiple quarters. You look at the diversity of our revenue. We talk about one of our competitive advantages being diversity and longevity. Our biggest the product last year, as an example, was about 0.8% of our total revenue. So just that diversity, I think, has served us well and will continue to serve us well. Do you have a follow-on?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thanks Dave. Somewhat more longer term, there is a lot of discussion of parallel technology in semis ecosystem developing in China as it tries to get more self-sufficient. How well is TI placed from a competitive perspective? Do you think there are substitutes for your kind of analog and embedded products from Chinese vendors over some intermediate timeframe? And what would TI need to do different as a company to react to this new ecosystem?
Dave Pahl: Yes. I will start off. I think if you look at the analog and the embedded market, they have got many natural competitive moats that sit around the marketplace overall. I think that we have certainly heard discussions of Chinese customers wanting to ensure that they have alternatives. But it's very different than being designed out. So our customers overall are very pragmatic. They are looking for components with the highest performance, the lowest cost and the most dependable delivery. So I think we will continue to focus on those things. And they have served us well in the past and we believe it will continue to serve us well in the future. Thank you Vivek. We will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon of Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I wanted to follow-up on a little bit around Q4. We have been in this environment for a while. I think you had your first guide for cut actually on this call a year ago. But even on that call, you had guided Q4 2018 down about 12% sequentially which was obviously below. We are a later. We have had a number of rounds of cuts. So the base is even lower and now you are guiding Q4 2019 down by 50% sequentially. So it's even worse on a sequential basis than we saw in the year ago quarter when we started. I guess it's and again it's not like things have been weak all along. I guess if you can give us some kind of an indication, maybe what could get immediately worse? Is this your Huawei pull-forward working off? Is this something going on because your distribution strategy is different from your competitors? I guess anything you can give us around the tactical near term environment driving the Q4 guide would be helpful, just given what we have seen over the last year or so in those trends?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Stacy, thanks for the question. Let me take a shot at that. And then Dave will follow-up with other comments. But our sense is that customers are just far more cautious than they were certainly a year ago, but even 90 days ago. And many of them, when talk about the caution, they mentioned the trade tensions that we know have been happening and have been accumulating over the last three or four quarters. And the consistency of that breadth of weakness supports that this is a macro situation that is driving the further weakness that we are seeing.
Dave Pahl: You have got a follow-on?
Stacy Rasgon: I do. So you have talk about evolving your distribution strategy and relationships. Do you think it's possible that any of those activities as you disintermediate more of them maybe having like a near term negative impact on your revenue outlook because you can rely on them less to do things like demand generation and the like? Is there, I guess, any change you have made recently you think could be having any sort of impact on the near term horizon?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Simply in a word, I would just say, no, Stacy. I think establishing a more direct relationship with our customer just yields more rewards than it does the risk. And it gives us greater access to those customers. And you have seen us evolve that over the last several years and we have made investments in order to provide very high levels of service for our customers, especially as we move to a more direct business model. And these investments include the things that you have heard us talk about, the new capabilities and in some cases improved capabilities to our website, e-commerce enhancements for demand creation, inventory consignment programs that we have talked about on the last the last few calls and other things like order fulfillment services. So these improved capabilities combined with our sales and applications organization which by the way is the largest in the semiconductor industry just help us provide great product and great support to our customers. And that's really what we have been focused on. Thank you. And we will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Yes. Thank guys. Thanks for letting me ask questions. Dave, I just want to go back to the embedded. When I look at how your analog business trending, it's about in line with our expectations and quite frankly, what your peer group is doing. But when I look at embedded, it seems to be demonstrably worse. In fact, if Q4 is down sequentially equally across all segments, you will be down peak to trough this cycle in embedded, more so than you were in the 2009 financial crisis when financial markets weren't working properly and companies couldn't actually get funding for inventory. So I just want to kind of go back and kind of understand why you think the embedded business is doing so poorly relative to overall kind of industry trends? Is that really where the comms weakness comes in? If you can help me understand that a little bit better, it would be helpful.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And John, to put it in context, we talked about at the company level, so including analog and embedded that all the markets were week, that when we saw the sectors that make up those markets that most of them were weak. But that weakness was just more pronounced directionally the same but just more pronounced in embedded. And you know, we did see and if you look now just inside of embedded, we saw a more pronounced weakness in automotive and in communications. So again, I think that those types of things need to be measured over longer periods of time. And so I wouldn't judge that business on any one quarter results overall. You have a follow-on, John?
John Pitzer: Yes. Just as a follow-up, just going back to the comms part of the business. So I am just kind of curious, not that the macro is all that strong, but to what extent can you quantify, if at all, the impact from bans? Is this way Huawei having ordered a lot more inventory throughout the year than you thought? Is this a certain company or region? Just on the comms side, any color you can give on the weakness would be helpful.
Dave Pahl: Yes. I think we can't rule out, obviously, you know customers having built inventory in preparations for builds or concerns with the trade tensions. But the weakness that we saw wasn't limited to any region. That was very broad-based. When we look at the largest customers inside of comms equipment, that was across the largest customers. And again, we talked about that it was across the technologies. So it's really broad-based, the weakness. So not just one customer or not just one technology or not just one region. So hopefully that color helps. Thank you, John. We will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Dave, you gave the year-over-year comments and then the sequentials for the comm equipment. But I think we are all trying to solve the main problem of kind of why is your guidance so weak in the fourth quarter? To the extent it provides any clues, could you give us what the quarter-over-quarter sequentials were by the end markets outside of the comm, which you already gave?
Dave Pahl: Sure. Industrial and automotive declined low single digits, Ross. Personal electronics grew midteens and that was based on really just seasonal growth that we would expect to see. We already commented on comms equipment declining about 20%. And then enterprise systems grew in the quarter. You have a follow-on?
Ross Seymore: Yes. I guess one on the cash return side of things. I know one quarter doesn't necessarily make a trend, but you guys have been ridiculously consistent in a positive way with your buyback over time. I know you raised the dividend this last quarter. But I think the share repurchase was the lowest since I believe the second quarter of 2012, if my model is right. And the aggregate of the two, the dividend and the buyback, were meaningfully less than the free cash flow in the quarter. I know it's not just one quarter, but is there anything at that explains why the buyback was significantly lower than it's been in any time in recent history?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I would tell you and that is I will take you back to our capital management strategy and our objectives to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. And as you pointed out, we do that through buybacks and dividends. And on a trailing 12-month basis which is a better way to look at all these things, to give you just a better trend of what's going on, we have returned $7.4 billion of cash and our free cash flow has been $6 billion during that time. So we have returned 122% of free cash during that time. So a pretty healthy amount. And in the last quarter, we returned or we bought back $456 million. As long as the stock price is below our assessment of intrinsic, we will be buying back shares and we did buy a healthy amount in third quarter.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. And I will just add to that, that as Rafael said, it's quite best to look at the free cash flow metrics on a trailing 12-month basis, as there is seasonality. Third and fourth quarter tend to be stronger than first and second on that. So that usually provides a better insight. Thank you Ross. And we will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore: Yes. I wonder if you could give us more color, I mean you have talked about your customers being more cautious. But to what degree do you think that's demand being softer that's different inventory behavior? And I guess on the flipside, I mean it doesn't seem like you are seeing a lot of inventory accumulation around the tariff activities. But just could you just generally comment on the state of your customers' inventories as you move to the last quarter? Thanks.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Joe, I will make a comment and if Rafael wants to add something to it, certainly jump in, Rafael. But you know, when we look at inventory in the channel, it was actually down a little bit sequentially, still at about four-and-a-half weeks. So really not changing much overall. We still have about two-thirds of our revenue supported by consignment overall. So we know that inventory remains at zero because of those consignment programs. So they continue to be in a healthy state. The rest of that, we can't see into our customers' inventories and down channel. So our visibility really ends at that point. Rafael?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. The only thing I would add, I can sense that you collectively are unsatisfied with our answers and I understand that. We have close to 100,000 different customers and we sell about 100,000 different products. It's difficult to pinpoint any one thing. But the sense we get talking to those customers, getting input from them, from our salespeople and all the touch points that we have is that the weakness is broad-based, is due to macro events and specifically the trade tensions. And if you think about when there is tensions in trade and obstacles to trade, what do businesses do? They become more cautious and they pull back. And we are at the very end of our long supply chain and when the ones at the very front pullback, it becomes a traffic jam. So our sense is that is what's happening in the marketplace. But we will see what other companies will report over time and we will get a clear picture over the next several weeks and really quarters, because this thing we have been in it for now four quarters and it's going to be longer than that.
Dave Pahl: You have a follow-on, Joe?
Joe Moore: Yes. And thanks for the color. I do appreciate you guys clarifying what's going on. In terms of the wafer start reduction in the fourth quarter, can you just talk about, I guess normally you have talked about a 70% incremental gross margin in both directions, anything kind of different as you think about Q4 because of the fact of that wafer start comment that you made?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Actually, no, not any different to the larger degree. We have talked about 70% to 75% fall through. And that's a guide. It could be a little less, a little more. So that's probably how you want to think about it on a year-on-year basis for fourth quarter. We did lower wafer starts in third quarter inside of the quarter and we are lowering those further into fourth quarter. And that's a capital allocation decision. When we do that we save cash, right. And we have, to a larger degree, built the buffer strategy that we have talked about. So we will save cash as we do that and that makes sense for the owners of the company. There is cash that's freed up for other purposes. That will hit the GPM line, but it will do so about as expected. So as I say, you have seen a fall through that we have talked about in the big scheme of things.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you Joe. We will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri of UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi. Thanks. Q4 OpEx is usually down low to mid singles. I am just trying to see if that's the right number for December that's in the guidance?
Dave Pahl: OpEx, well, first remember, the objective of OpEx is to fuel our long term growth and these are long term investments that pay off over many, many years, in many cases decades. So that's how we think about. In this environment, we are cautious and we want to be prudent. But we are not cutting back on those long term investments. On a trailing 12-month basis, OpEx has been running pretty steady at about $3.2 billion for at least a year or so, if you look at trailing 12-month at the end of every quarter for the last three or four quarters. And it is overall is down about 1% versus a year ago. But of course, revenue has been dropping more than that. So then, as a percent of revenue, it's gone up a little bit. So now it's at 20%. And that's well within our expectation, our guide of 20% to 25% for that metric. You have a follow up?
Timothy Arcuri: Sure. I guess with respect to the loadings commentary, does it make you rethink the timing on the new 300 millimeter fab, if you can give us an update there? Thanks.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Sure. So first, let me remind you, of course when it comes to CapEx, particularly for that fab, it's all about driving long term revenue growth and extending our manufacturing advantage, including 300 millimeter. And that is one of our key competitive advantages. We are now in the process of building a parking structure that will be complete in the first half of next year. Once we build that, that will enable us to build the building for the next 300 millimeter factory. Our plan continues to be to build that building within the next few years. And as a reminder, that will cost $600 million to $700 million over a couple of years as we build that building. And $600 million to $700 million, it is a sizable amount. But the big expense comes from the equipment that would follow. And in fact an even bigger one will be the opportunity cost of not having that available, if there s, or when there is growth on the other side of these things. So we think about all of those things and based on that we have laid our plans at the moment.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you Tim. We can go to our next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from CJ Muse of Evercore. Please go ahead.
CJ Muse: Yes. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I guess I wanted to revisit comments around China and the potential for pull-ins. If I look back at your June quarter, that business was up about 6% year-on-year where everything else was down 1%. And so I guess as you look back and you think forward, do you have a sense that was in fact pull-ins in the prior quarters and that's perhaps exacerbating what you are seeing into the December quarter?
Dave Pahl: Yes. I think that, so first I spent eight years of my career in sales and I like the job. I never once took a double order or saw a customer do a pull-in, right. But so certainly wouldn't rule that out as a possibility. But I think more of what you are seeing there is just seasonality as customers prepare more of the PE products, our products are shipped into China than any other region. So that has an effect that's in there as well. So again, I won't rule it out. But you have got some seasonality that's going on with that. You have a follow-on?
CJ Muse: I do. You talked broad based weakness. But I was hoping perhaps you could narrow in on auto and give a little more color on what you are seeing there, either geographically or by sub-segment?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So we have got five sectors that are inside of that. All the sectors saw weakness. I made the comment that if you look at the sectors across industrial and even personal electronics, that most of those sectors were down. So automotive was no different from that front. And I would say that from a regional standpoint, we saw weakness across all of the regions. So nothing really significant there to spike out. Okay. Thank you CJ. And with that, we have got time for one last caller. Operator?
Operator: Our last question comes from Tore Svanberg of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you. Could you maybe talk a little bit about the linearity of the orders? So obviously there's been some weakening. And I am just wondering if you already started to see that this summer? Or was it sort of something more that came later in the quarter?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So I would say that it was weak throughout the quarter. It wasn't last couple of week or last 30-day phenomenon. I would also point out we have got two-thirds of our revenue on consignment. So in those arrangements, we get the order and ship them instantaneously at the same time. So revenues and orders really reflect each other for the most part. Do you have follow-on, Tore?
Tore Svanberg: Yes. I had a follow-on for Rafael. So you have done a tremendous job on gross margin. Revenues down 12% year-over-year but gross margin only down 90 basis points. And now your inventory days were down as well sequentially. I know you talked a little bit about the factory loadings in Q4. But should we think about some sort of a inventory days target that you want to run the business at next few quarters?
Rafael Lizardi: So good question. Let me first step back and remind you how we think about inventory, okay. Inventory, the objective there is to maintain high levels of customer service, minimize obsolescence and improve our asset utilization. We have a guide of 115 to 145, but those are not concrete barriers, right. It's just a guide there. We are going to do the right thing for the business. So for example, in this situation, in the current environment, even though we have decreased those wafer starts, it is likely that we go above the top of that range or it's at least possible that we do just because of where the revenue midpoint is. Now we are not going to go drive the wafer starts in a draconian way to just to stay within those guidelines. That would not make sense in one quarter. But over one, two, three quarters then the idea is to, that guidelines just provide an area where we should aim at and we can achieve our objectives, the inventory objectives I talked about, while deploying and allocating capital in the best way that benefits the interest of the long term owners of the company.
Dave Pahl: So with that, let me just finish with a few comments on some key items for you to remember. We will remain focused on analog and embedded, the best products and industrial and automotive, the best markets. Next, we will continue to be disciplined in executing our capital management strategy and remain committed to returning free cash flow to the owners of the company. Lastly, we continue to believe growing free cash flow per share over the long term. It's why we will maximize value for the owners of the company.
Rafael Lizardi: Thank you all for joining us. A replay of this call is also available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments' 2Q 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TIs Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TIs results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TIs most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. For todays call, let me start by summarizing what Rafael and I will be reviewing. Ill be covering the following topics: First, a high-level summary of the financial results for the second quarter and second, some details by segment and end market. Rafael will then review: Profitability, capital management results, and then the outlook, after that we will open the call for Q&A. Starting with the high-level summary of our second quarter financial results. The quarter progressed about as we expected, with revenue decreasing 9% from a year ago due to broad-based weakness. In our core businesses, Analog revenue declined 6% and Embedded Processing revenue declined 16% compared with the same quarter a year ago. Both businesses year-on-year growth decelerated. Earnings per share were $1.36, including a $0.07 benefit for items not in our original guidance. The benefit includes $0.04 due to the previously announced sale of our Greenock, Scotland fab, with the balance primarily due to discrete tax benefits. With that backdrop, Ill now provide details on our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of our business model. In the second quarter, our cash flow from operations was $1.8 billion. As we note each quarter, we believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long-term. We remain committed to returning all our free cash flow to owners. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-month period was $5.9 billion, up 3% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin for the same period was 38.9% of revenue, up from 36.6% a year ago. We continue to benefit from the quality of our product portfolio that is long-lived and diverse, and the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300-millimeter Analog output. We believe that free cash flow will only be valued if it is productively invested in the business or returned to owners. For the trailing 12-month period, we returned $8 billion of cash to our owners through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases, demonstrating our confidence in our business model and our commitment to return all of our free cash flow to owners. Moving on, Ill now provide some details on the second quarter by segment and end market. From the year-ago quarter, Analog revenue declined 6% due to declines in High Volume, Power and Signal Chain. Embedded Processing revenue declined by 16% from the year-ago quarter due to declines in both product lines, Processors and Connected Microcontrollers. Next, Ill provide some insight into this quarters performance by end market versus a year ago. Industrial and automotive together declined upper-single digits due to broad-based weakness. Personal electronics declined low-double digits also due to broad-based weakness. In communications equipment, revenue declined sequentially, but was about even from a year ago versus a weak compare. And lastly, enterprise systems declined. In summary, we continue to focus our strategy on the industrial and automotive markets, where we have been allocating our capital and driving initiatives to strengthen our position. This is based on a belief that industrial and automotive will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets. They have increasing semiconductor content and also provide diversity and longevity. All of this translates to a high terminal value of our portfolio. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook. Rafael?
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.36 billion, or 64.3% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased due to lower revenue. Gross profit margin decreased 90 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $810 million, down about 2% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 21.1% of revenue, within our expectations. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.57 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. We are pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D which we believe will allow us to continue to grow our topline over the long-term. Acquisition charges, a non-cash expense, were $80 million. Acquisition charges will be about $80 million per quarter through the third quarter of this year, then decline to about $50 million per quarter for two remaining years. Restructuring charges/other was a credit of $36 million due to the sale of our Greenock, Scotland facility. Operating profit was $1.51 billion, or 41.1% of revenue. Operating profit was down 12% from a year-ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 43.7%, down from 47% a year ago, and for Embedded Processing was 33.5%, down from 35.4% a year ago. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions will enable both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth over time. Other income and expense was $52 million benefit, up $28 million primarily due to investment gains and tax-related items. Net income in the second quarter was $1.31 billion, or $1.36 per share, which included a $0.07 benefit for items that were not in our prior outlook, as weve discussed. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.80 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $284 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.93 billion. In the second quarter, we paid $722 million in dividends and repurchased $863 million of our stock for a total return to owners of $1.59 billion. In total, we have returned $8.01 billion in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return all of our free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 47% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $4.22 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the second quarter. Total debt is $5.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.91%. Inventory days were 143, up eight days from a year-ago, and down one-day sequentially. Were pleased with the progress we have made replenishing inventory of low volume devices and implementing the next phase of our consignment programs with our distributors. Work in both of these areas will continue in the third quarter. We believe there is strategic value in owning and controlling our inventory and will manage it with our long-term objectives in mind. Turning to our outlook for the third quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.65 billion to $3.95 billion, and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.31 to $1.53, which includes an estimated $10 million discrete tax benefit. We continue to expect our annual operating tax rate to be about 16% for 2019. In closing, we have just completed our third quarter of year-on-year declines for TI. As we stated last quarter, if you look at the last 30 years of history in our industry, cycles are always different, but typically you could see four to five quarters of year-on-year declines before year-on-year growth resumes. Again, we are not trying to forecast the cycle, but simply offer some historical perspective. Given our experience, we will stay focused on making TI stronger for the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are technology and manufacturing, portfolio breadth, market reach, and diverse and long-lived products. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best products Analog and Embedded Processing and the best markets industrial and automotive, which I believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth for a long time to come. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from the Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. For my first one, when you reported three months ago, I think things were looking somewhat more downbeat. And I was curious, Rafael or Dave, how would you characterize the current environment. Is it similar? Is it better? Is it worse? I'm just trying to put your Q3 outlook which is 3% to 4% sequential growth. It's below seasonal trend, but it's still up sequentially. So, I'm just going to get a better sense of how you're seeing the broader environment versus three months ago?
Dave Pahl: Yes, I'll start, and if Rafael wants to add anything, he's welcome too. I think as we stated, the quarter came in about as we expected and that was really across the board. Really all the end markets performed about as we had expected. Weve just completed our third quarter of year-on-year declines for TI. And I think that if you look at history, things are always different when you look at cyclicality, but I think things are performing as we would expect.
Rafael Lizardi: The only thing I would add is we're ready for any scenario. The economy strengthens, we're ready. If it run sideways or if it weakens, we're ready. And that's both a strategic comment on how we position the company, focus on auto and industrial and analog products inside of that, but also operationally with our inventory strategy and other things that we're doing to continue to strengthen the company.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on to that?
Vivek Arya: Yes, thanks, Dave. So, for my follow-on, I'm curious the sales to China, how is the environment there? I assume that you don't have a lot of direct specific exposure to Huawei. But what's the demand environment I guess in China and outside of China? But are conditions better outside of China? And within China, how is the demand environment outside of Huawei?
Dave Pahl: So, I think we've said before that Huawei is about 3% to 4% of our revenue overall. It's a mix of comms equipment and some handset in there and some other products. And if you look at comms equipment overall, it's 11% of our revenue. We had seen some nice growth in our 5G products, as we've talked about before. And if you look from a regional standpoint, I'd say there's nothing unusual going on. We've talked about that in the past when there was. And certainly, if you look at where we ship product, that's not always indicative of actual end demand or  and look-through those economies, meaning we may ship into one region and that may get packaged up and shipped to another region before it's actually consumed. So overall, about the regions, they came in as we expected and nothing unusual. We didn't see anything unusual this quarter. So, thank you for that. Well go to next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We are here now from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Okay. Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. Guys, based on the comments that you just made, it appears as though your view on the cycle hasn't really changed over the past couple of months. That said, I think you guys decided to delay the new fab. So just curious what kind of thought process went into the decision to push the fab?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So just to clarify, we said back in our February capital management call and really have been saying since then, that we planned to begin building that next factory in the next few years, and that hasn't changed. There was a filing and it was a proposed amendment to a local tax abatement schedule that has caused some confusion on that topic. But just to say again, as we said back in February, those plans hadn't changed. Do you have a follow-on?
Toshiya Hari: I do. Thanks Dave. And then just going back to the U.S., China situation, I realize your business tends to be very sticky. But has the backdrop impacted your ability to conduct business in China at all? Or have you sensed any  just the market share in your business? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: No. This is Rafael. No, not at all.
Dave Pahl: Yes, and I'd just say that our markets, because they're diverse and you see market share doesn't move around quickly, it's just good quality markets. And one of our competitive advantages being diversity and longevity I think helps us in markets like this in situations like that in particular, so. Okay. Thank you, Toshiya. We'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you very much. I had a question on gross margin flow-through, fall-through and especially as it relates to utilization and inventory. So free cash flow 12 months trailing, which you always point us too correctly, which is kind of in the same ballpark that you had last quarter, but then inventory was down. And the fall through the margins is much higher incrementally, and I know it's not the same every quarter, but I was just curious if there's something going on there. What are the puts and takes that caused the incremental fall through to be higher?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. And I'll take that. From the way you want to think about it is our fall through, as we have said before, is about 70% to 75%. And you want to look at that on a year-on-year basis. And even then, this is sometimes a little less, a little more but that's the right way to look at it, and this quarter is actually right between that 70% and 75%. The other thing I would mention is over the longer-term period, over the last many years and we expect this to continue, you're seeing the benefit of 300-millimeter manufacturing. That is part of our competitive advantage, manufacturing technology. And as we have talked about before, it's just a structural cost advantage because of the geometry of the wafer and the relatively small incremental cost that goes into producing the 300-millimeter wafer versus 200-millimeter wafer. So, we expect that benefit to continue to accrue to gross margins and ultimately free cash flow margin, which is the one that drives value for the owners of the company.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes, I did and this is more blocking and tackling and I know you guys have correctly frame from calling a cycle because everybody's track record, including my owners absolutely wrong on that front, but bookings, cancellations and lead times, where are we on these metrics? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I think if you look at those metrics overall, I'd say that inventory in the channel, and more broadly, I think you're looking at kind of the cyclical metrics that you looked at. Inventory and channel was down about a day. Still, it's about 4.5 weeks and has been steady at that for a couple of quarters now. Order rates, when we look at those looked normal as they came through. Cancellations were down a little bit from last quarter, but really didn't change much. And then our lead times overall have remained stable. Certainly, they were stable as things got more heated in the industry, but  and of course there's always areas that we would still be tight on today, but in general, the lead times have remained very stable, so.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Ambrish. And we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, just on Huawei. You answered sort of generally, but specifically, what do you have embedded in your guidance regarding Huawei? Are you still contemplating selling product to them? Or are you not? What's in the guidance regarding that customer?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So, Id say, Stacy, just over this past quarter, we obviously had halted shipments when the order was given. Since then, we've resumed shipments of the products that we've determined we could ship that are in compliance with the U.S. regulations. So overall, in this quarter, things came in as we expected. And as I stated before, that would be inclusive of communications equipment, where Huawei would sit. So, in our guidance, we obviously have that in for the quarter. And if there was something unusual that we are keeping out, our practice has been to call that out and there's nothing unusual that we're planning on. Do you have a follow-on?
Stacy Rasgon: Yes, I do. Thank you. Well, the stockpiling and consignment overall strategy that you've been doing, it's been going on for a while. How much do you think that has increased utilization over the last few quarters as you've been rolling that out? And how much longer do you anticipate driving that strategy before it reaches completion?
Rafael Lizardi: Let me start, and then, Dave, you want to  if you want to comment. But we've had an inventory strategy for many years. We just continue to tweak it over time, make it better, stronger. And as the cycle started in third quarter or so, then we deploy some specific tools during that time to then take advantage of that situation and use what we call our wafer starts. We devoted an increasing share of that to the low-volume inventory strategy. We have built a lot of that but it's not complete. But incrementally, it's going to be less going forward than what it was in the last few quarters because you get to obviously diminishing returns at some point in that.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And I'll point out, obviously, you saw our inventory dollars were down sequentially. They're actually down year-on-year. Our inventory days were down sequentially even with those planned builds of those low-volume parts, and we feel really good about being able to do that in our operations. The second part of your question there was what is the impact of consignment have on utilization. It really has no impact at all. Basically, it optically and, by definition, just puts more inventory on our books. But even if the inventory didnt change in the channel, it just would put pressure and optically put pressure on our inventory, and that's going on as well.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I want to make one more comment on this topic. Remember what inventory is about, right? What is objective inventory? It's not about maximizing utilization or gross margins or anything like that. Its about maintaining high levels of customer service. So, what we have done is deployed our cash to inventory. And as Dave said, inventory actually decreased. But we think that decrease, we built some inventory of low-volume parts. That now puts us in a great position as we move into the third quarter and beyond. You have that inventory of low volume that is generally difficult to build. We have it ready, so that we'll be able to serve our customers on the other side of this very well.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Stacy. And we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We will hear now from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. May I ask a question? I want to stick on the consignment topic, but just a slightly different spin. I think you've said in the last call, last few calls that it's upwards of two-thirds of your revenues go through consignment. That's increased substantially over the last three, five, 10 years. Why do you think your year-over-year revenue performance is so similar to your broader peer group if you're controlling that inventory? I would think all else being equal, you wouldn't have to deal with the distribution channel burning inventory and weighing on your revenues during a period like this.
Rafael Lizardi: I'll give you one comment, and Dave, you may want to chime in. What I would tell you is, maybe take into account, in the last four quarters or so, five quarters, we have gone through the next phase of consignment and we have added, let's say, $30 million to $40 million of revenue to that program per quarter during that time, for a total of close to $200 million. We probably still have one more quarter to go where that is  where that's going to happen and maybe through the end of the year, but it's getting to the diminishing point. But that is revenue that from the P&L we had sort of disappeared, right, but obviously the demand hasn't changed. That end demand really hasn't changed. It's just that now it goes into our inventory and the revenues delayed, but it just puts us in a much better position to then own that inventory, distribute it better where it's needed, work with our manufacturing facilities better to determine what's needed to be built for to replenish that inventory. So, it's just a better way to operate.
Dave Pahl: Yes, and I'll just to add that when you think of one of our competitive advantage, which is the reach of our market channels, this is just one component of what we're doing to have a closer, more direct relationship with our customers. And we think that ultimately servicing them better with product will benefit them and therefore benefit us. Do you have a follow-on, Ross?
Ross Seymore: Yes, one that's a little bit more housekeeping, Dave. From an end market point of view, you went through and gave the year-over-years. So, could you give the quarter-over-quarters beyond the comms side? And was there a reason you put industrial and automotive together saying there were down upper single-digits year-over-year? Usually, you split those?
Dave Pahl: No. Yes. Sure. So, the first is they performed similarly. Industrial was a little weaker. Auto was a little less weak but in the same zip code, and that was the same for the sequential. Together, they grew low single-digits and that same profile was the same. Personal electronics grew high single-digits with broad-based seasonal growth. Comms equipment, as I mentioned earlier, had declined, and then enterprise systems actually grew sequentially. Okay, thank you, Ross. And well go the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. Well now hear from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Looking at the most recent SIA data, April, May sales were down about 10% year-over-year for the global Analog segment, while you guys were only down 6%. You clearly outperformed the Analog segment last year as well. So outside of the end market mix, i.e., better comm equipment sector. Can you guys help us understand any product areas where you're either capturing market share or seeing strong dollar content growth?
Dave Pahl: Well, yes, so first, Harlan, Id always be careful to read too much into any of those numbers in the short-term. I think when you look at the share gains, they just really need to be even over several year. And I think that's  even in that case, I think we come out very well. I think especially we continue to do well in industrial and automotive. As I mentioned earlier, that is, we believe that those will be the most important markets to semiconductors and industrial in particular. And we've got a lot of programs and a lot of thought going into how to get better and get stronger to be able to service those markets. Do you have a follow-on?
Harlan Sur: Yes. Thanks for the insights there. I know we have to be careful on how we interpret this number, but can you guys just tell us what the book-to-bill ratio is for the June quarter?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So, you set me up perfect there, because I always have the preamble that I'll give it. I've debated honestly whether I should continue to give it, but I will. Just because we do, but there is a lot of noise that's in it. So, it was 0.94% and it was 1.06% a year-ago and 0.99% last quarter, so and I'll just remind everyone that we have the majority of the revenue on consignment. So, we don't get orders in advance for that. We've got backlog and the consignment the orders in the backlog are all consistent with the guidance that we gave. So, thank you Harlan. And I believe we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll hear now from Chris Danley with Citigroup.
Christopher Danely: Hey. Thanks, guys. Can you just talk about the linearity of orders during the quarter? And I guess more specifically, have you seen any change in customer or channel behavior since the Huawei reinstatement and the  I guess the threat of $300 billion in additional tariffs was taken away a few weeks ago?
Dave Pahl: Yes, Chris. Really no changes on that front, I think when we look at the linearity, it came in fairly normal, minus the stock shipment to Huawei. But once we determined that we could continue to resume most of those products. It really got back to normal pretty quickly. Do you have a follow-on?
Christopher Danely: Yes. Given, we're in this  I guess mildly depressed or sluggish or flaccid or whatever you want to call it kind of environment. Have you guys changed your thoughts on kind of long-term CapEx?
Rafael Lizardi: The short answer is, no. We are  as we said in our capital management strategy, our guide on CapEx is 6% and we'll continue to be 6% and that's without buildings. So of course, as we've talked about, we announced the new factory  the new 300 millimeter factory that we build in Richardson, Texas in the next few years. Outside of that, we'll be running about 6%.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Chris. And operator, I think weve got time for one more call.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Mark Lipacis with Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Can you hear me okay?
Dave Pahl: We can, Mark.
Mark Lipacis: Okay. Your inventories declined in dollars and days. What do you think happens to your inventories on your balance sheet in the September quarter? And Dave, on the inventory commentary, I believe you said you characterized channel inventory as kind of in a stable range. Would you call them stable in a normal and healthy level? Or would you characterize them somewhat differently?
Rafael Lizardi: Let me start, and Dave, if you want to jump in. But let me first step back to the objective for inventory to remind everybody and, as I said earlier in the call, is to maintain high levels of customer service. We also want to minimize obsolesces of that inventory and improve our asset utilization, but the main thing is to maintain high levels of customer service. And our target is 1.15 to 1.45. So last quarter  two quarters ago, we went above that target, 1.52. But then last quarter, we're at 1.44 in one  first quarter and then second quarter, we just finished at 1.43, so both of those inside of our target.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And Ill just add again that even outside of those numbers, weve made really good progress of executing to building those low volume parts and we believe that's important, so we can continue to service customers well. In the second part of your question, Mark was, yes, it was down a little bit sequentially on the days basis in distribution, still at about 4.5 weeks. That is a healthy level. And I would say that, that number will structurally kind of work its way down as we're implementing more of this revenue on consignment, and that's a great thing for our distributors. It's a great thing for our customers and it does require that well be carrying some more inventory on our balance sheet, but we think that, that's a good investment in working capital. Do you have a follow-on, Mark?
Mark Lipacis: Yes, please. Thank you. The follow-up is, have you been noticing since the U.S. and China trade debate. Have you been noticing any shift in the supply chain from a standpoint of where things are being manufactured not your own Texas Instruments supply chain, but where you're shipping to  are you shipping more outside of China or is everything fairly stable? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, I'll take that. It's too early to tell. We read some of the same media reports and anecdotal comments that people make on that front, but it's too early to tell. So, we'll watch how things evolve in that front over the next few years. So, I want to finish with a few comments on key items for everybody to remember. We will remain focused on analog and embedded, the best products; and industrial and automotive, the best markets. We will continue to be disciplined in executing our capital management strategy, and remain committed to returning free cash flow to the owners of the company. And finally, we continue to believe growing free cash flow per share dollars over the long-term is what will maximize value for the owners of the company.
Dave Pahl: Thank you for listening. A replay will be available on the web and have a good night.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments Q1 2019 earnings release call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining our first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web as well. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. For today's call, let me start by summarizing what Rafael and I will be reviewing. I will be covering the following topics. First, a high-level summary of the financial results for the first quarter. Second, I will provide some details of the first quarter by segment and end-market. And third, I will include some additional color in light of the market weakness we are currently experiencing. Rafael will then review profitability, capital management results, a brief comment on the status of our next 300 millimeter fab, and then the outlook. Then, we will open the call for Q&A. Now starting with the high-level summary of our first quarter financial results. The weakness in demand that began in the second half of 2018 continued into the first quarter. The weakness was across all markets with the exception of communications equipment. In our core businesses, analog revenue declined 2% and embedded processing revenue declined 14% compared to the same quarter a year ago. Both businesses year-on-year growth decelerated as we expected at this point in the cycle. Similar to the fourth quarter, embedded remained weaker than analog, primarily because it didn't benefit from increasing content in 5G. Operating margin decreased in both businesses. Reduced factory loadings affected both businesses, but the impact was greater in analog since more of its supply comes from internal manufacturing. Overall revenue in the first quarter decreased 5% from a year ago and earnings per share were $1.26, including a $0.04 discrete tax benefit not in our original guidance. With that backdrop, I will now provide details on our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of our business model. In the first quarter, our cash flow from operations was $1.1 billion. As we note each quarter, we believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term. We remain committed to returning all of our free cash flow to owners. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 month period was $6 billion, up 22% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin for the same period was 38.4% of revenue, up from 32.1% from a year ago. We continued to benefit from the quality of our product portfolio that's long-lived and diverse, and the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300-millimeter analog output. We believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it's productively invested in the business or returned to owners. For the trailing 12-month period, we returned $8 billion of cash to owners through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases, demonstrating our confidence in our business model and our commitment to return all our free cash flow to owners. Moving on, I will now provide some details of the first quarter by segment and end-market and then offer some additional color on the market. From a year-ago quarter, analog revenue declined 2% due to high volume and power, partially offset by growth in signal chains. I will note that the strength in communications equipment minimized analog's decline. Embedded processing revenue declined by 14% from a year ago quarter due to declines in both product lines, processors, and connected microcontrollers. In our other segment, revenue declined 6% from a year ago. Now given the current weaker market environment, I wanted to provide some additional color on the quarter. As I mentioned earlier, the weakness in demand for our products that began in the second half of 2018 continued into the first quarter. Demand came in mostly as expected, although communications equipment was stronger than expected due to shipments of products that support 5G. Next, I will provide some insight into this quarter's performance by end-market versus a year ago. Industrial and automotive declined mid-single digits due to broad-based weakness. We continue to focus our investments across 13 sectors in industrial and five sectors in automotive. Despite this near-term weakness, we continue to believe these investments will deliver broad-based and diverse revenue growth over the long-term. Personal electronics declined low double digits due to broad-based weakness, including mobile phones and PCs. In contrast, communications equipment grew about 30% year-on-year, and as we mentioned earlier, benefiting both from 5G shipments as well as an easy compare due to weakness in the year ago period. History would suggest that we should expect this market to be choppy in the future. And then lastly, enterprise systems declined. Looking at these end-markets on a regional basis, generally all the regions performed consistently, excluding the positive effects of communications equipment. So in summary, we continue to focus our strategy on the industrial and automotive markets, where we have been allocating our capital and driving initiatives to strengthen our position. This is based on the belief that industrial and automotive will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets. They have increasing semiconductor content and they also provide diversity and longevity. All of this translates to a high terminal value of our portfolio. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management, and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.26 billion or 62.9% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased due to lower revenue and reduced factory loadings. Gross profit margin decreased 170 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $803 million, down about 2% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 20.7% of revenue, within our range of expectations. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.56 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. We are pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D which we believe will allow us to continue to grow our topline over the long term. Acquisition charges, a non-cash expense, were $79 million. Acquisition charges will be about $80 million per quarter through the third quarter of this year, then decline to about $50 million per quarter for two remaining years. Operating profit was $1.38 billion or 38.4% of revenue. Operating profit was down 11% from the year ago quarter. Operating margin for analog was 43.2%, down from 45.4% a year ago and for embedded processing was 31.3%, down from 35.4% a year ago. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions will enable both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth over time. Net income in the first quarter was $1.22 billion, or $1.26 per share, which included a $0.04 discrete tax benefit not in our prior outlook, as we have discussed. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.11 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $251 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.99 billion. In the first quarter, we paid $724 million in dividends and repurchased $1.15 billion of our stock for a total return to owners of $1.88 billion. In total, we have returned $8.05 billion in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return all of our free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 45% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $4.09 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the first quarter. Total debt is $5.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.91%. Inventory days were 144, up eight days from a year ago and down eight days sequentially. We are pleased with the progress we have made replenishing inventory of low volume devices and implementing the next phase of our consignment programs with our distributors. Work in both of these areas will continue in the second quarter. We believe there is strategic value in owning and controlling our inventory and will manage it with our long-term objectives in mind. Next, as we mentioned earlier, we want to update you on our next 300 millimeter wafer fab. As you may have seen, we have chosen Richardson, Texas, as the site for our next wafer fab. The new building will be on our existing site in Richardson. We have not announced a specific construction timetable yet, but as we indicated during the February Capital Management call, we would expect to get started in the next few years. Turning to our outlook for the second quarter. We expect TI revenue in the range of $3.46 billion to $3.74 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.12 to $1.32, which includes an estimated $10 million discrete tax benefit. We continue to expect our annual operating tax rate to be about 16% in 2019. In closing, as we said last quarter, we believe that after 10 quarters of year-on-year growth, the weakness we are seeing is primarily due to the semiconductor cycle. We have just completed our second quarter of year-on-year declines for TI. If you look at history, cycles are always different, but typically the industry would have four to five quarters of year-on-year declines before year-on-year growth resumes. We are not trying to forecast the cycle, but simply offer some historical perspective. Given our experience, we will stay focused on making TI stronger for the long term, while remaining diligent in the short term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are technology and manufacturing, portfolio breadth, market reach and diverse and long-lived products. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best products, analog and embedded processing and the best markets, industrial and automotive, which I believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth for a long time to come. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks Rafael. Operator, you can now open up the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask a question, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will go first to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I am kind of thinking how to interpret your Q2 outlook. One interpretation is that you are not really seeing much recovery off of Q1, right, which is kind of surprising when we hear of China PMI improving and all the optimism about some signs of recovery. The other interpretation is that maybe Q1 you saw the extra benefit from comm equipment. So if I exclude that, then you are seeing some modest pickup going into Q2. So I am just curious, how are you thinking about your Q2 outlook versus seasonally, which is supposed to be up 7%, 8% sequentially?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Vivek, I would say, certainly, I can confirm the first part of the question that in first quarter, we did get a benefit from comms equipment. That's just in the numbers. I think when we look at our second quarter outlook and we put that together, again we base that on the orders that we get from customers as well as the demand feeds that we get through our consignment programs. And just as a reminder, about two-thirds of our revenue comes through those consignment programs. And for OEMs, we will typically get six months of visibility and there is no inventory that sits in front of us in that manufacturing line. So, it really is one of the best signals that we can get. And I also would caution that that doesn't mean that that signal can't change very quickly. So, that's how we are basing the guidance for the second quarter, and I will leave further interpretation to you. Do you have follow-up?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thanks Dave. So maybe if I ask the question in a different way. Have you seen any pickup in orders over the last few weeks versus let's say the first few weeks of the year?
Dave Pahl: Well, I would say that orders behaved normally in the quarter. And again, two-thirds of our revenue is coming through on consignment. So, we will get an order when that product is due to ship and that happens instantaneously. So, orders are probably less of the strongest signal that we will get versus those demand signals that we get from orders. So, thank you, Vivek. And we will go to next caller please.
Operator: We will go next to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes. Thanks guys. Thanks for letting me ask the questions. Rafael, I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about some of the utilization actions you are taking? How much of a hit were they to the calendar first quarter gross margins? And I guess more importantly, I know it takes time for utilization actions to go through the P&L, but have the utilization rates now bottomed and how do you think about utilization relative to Q2 gross margins and going throughout the remainder of the year?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Thanks for the question. Let me try to frame that for you a little bit. Over the last couple of quarters, we have talked about how we are going to decrease our wafer starts to adjust to the expectations of revenue, while at the same time we are going to increase the portion or a dedicate portion of those wafers to building our low-volume industrial consignment or industrial buffer parts, and also the transition to consignment. So, we did those things and our operating plan did reduce, and we did take a hit to gross margins in that process, and that's what you are seeing in our P&L. Now what I would sort of take you back to is look at it from a free cash flow standpoint, because ultimately that's what matters, right. What you are seeing from a utilization charges standpoint is a non-cash expense. At the end of the day, what we are focused on is allocating capital and allocating cash, right. So, by decreasing those wafer starts, what we did was dedicating less cash to that. So in fact, leaving out more cash for the owners of the company, but generating enough inventory or the right amount of inventory to be prepared for the revenue that we want to meet in the future, and also to build those buffer inventory stocks so that we are prepared for future quarters and have the ability to meet customer expectations and customer satisfaction, which ultimately is what we are trying to do with that inventory so that it helps us position ourselves to meet those customer demands and help with our goal of continuing to grow the topline for a long time to come. 
Dave Pahl: Yes. Just a number on that, I think if you look at our first quarter, trailing 12-month free cash flow is at 38.4%. That was the same that we had last quarter, so it didn't change much. Do you have a follow-on, John?
John Pitzer: Yes. Dave, just going back to the revenue guidance for the calendar second quarter, if you look at how that business has historically performed, I think I need to go back to 2001 to see a calendar second quarter that was down sequentially, and that was sort of in the wake of the tech bubble. Again, I am just trying to get a sense of what you are seeing in the bottoms up business to potentially have a scenario when they are of down sequential revenue? And I guess you mentioned in your prepared comments that the comms business can be lumpy historically. Is embedded in the Q2 guidance still good lumpiness or would you expect that lumpiness in the comms sector?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So I would say, first, if you look over, and you know this very well, John, if you look over 10, 15, 25 years of the comms equipment market, that business is lumpy. It's lumpy because of the way that operators put out tenders and place the orders and the OEMs, our customers, have to build to those. So history just says that you should be mindful of that and that doesn't make it a bad business. It's just an attribute of it. And so, I think in the second quarter, I would remind you that we just completed the second quarter of year-on-year declines for TI. It's not likely that cycles, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, can last four or five quarters. Sometimes, they can be shorter and sometimes they can be longer than that, but we are two quarters into that. And per our practice, if there was something significant or unusual going on in our guidance, either by end-markets or a particular customer, we would make those things clear to help you understand it. So, okay. Thank you, John. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: We will go next to Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Guys, thanks for taking my questions. Again, I want to push on the comm point a little bit. I know analog and embedded have diverged, partially because of this. If it wasn't for the upside on comm. and analog, do you think it would be seeing similar year-over-year trends without the strength in comm as well as in the embedded?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Stacy, they would be much closer. I think there are still some differences, but directionally all the end-markets are the same and they would maybe much closer from year-over-year decline standpoint. Do you have a follow-on?
Stacy Rasgon: I do. Again, I want to follow-up still on comm. So we are seeing very strong ups I mean, I guess the first part of it is sort of I think you mentioned this that the upside versus guidance in the quarter that was all comm. So the rest of the business came in as expected. And I guess just secondly on how concerned are you, what's the possibility that the current strength we would see in comm is not actually matched and then ultimately worried about like order pull-forwards and most of the things from some of the larger customers? Like what are you seeing along those lines around the sustainability of the upside that we are seeing in comm now I guess over the medium to long term?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So I would say that the upside that we saw was almost all from comms. I think that the rest of the markets and businesses, if you looked at it from that way, performed about as we expected. And the comments on what the future of that looks like, I would just go back to the statements that we made before and just staring at history of that market it tends to be choppy. So would we expect it to be choppy in the future? We would. That's not a comment on second quarter or third or fourth. It's just the comment of looking at history that that market just tends to be choppy. So okay. Thank you Stacy. We will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We will go next to Mark Lipacis with Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. The first question is, will your factory loadings go up sequentially in this quarter versus last quarter? Or are they going to be going down? I am try to understand if you believe inventories are going to be a source or use of cash this quarter?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Last quarter we characterized that, because it was more relevant at the time given the inflection point on our revenue. Now that the midpoint of our revenue is about the same as the first quarter, I think it's time to just not focus on that and focus on the other things that we think are more important longer term, which is our ability to continue to grow the topline as we focus on analog and embedded industrial automotive. And with that as we focus on growing free cash flow for the long-term, as Dave mentioned earlier and we mentioned during the call, despite the drop in gross margin and the drop in utilization, our free cash flow on the trailing 12-months was essentially unchanged from 90 days ago. And as a percent of revenue, it was 38.4%, right.
Dave Pahl: And I think that just speaks to the quality of the business model that topline can change quite a bit, but if you look at that trailing 12-months free cash flow, it just tends to be much more stable. And that just speaks to the quality of the model. Mark, do have a follow on?
Mark Lipacis: Yes. Thank you. Dave, in your script you said, I may have misunderstood this, but you said that regionally the business trends were consistent except for communications equipment. I don't think I really quite understand that. I am hoping you can just spell that statement out for me? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So that you can think of the largest manufacturers of communications equipment, we try not to go by customer of who those are. But there are only a couple of regions in which they exist. And so you can imagine that you can connect those two pieces of information together. So hopefully that helps. Thank you Mark. We will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We will go next to Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi. Thanks very much for taking the question. I had a follow-up on the comm segment. Dave, you talked about the business being up 30% year-over-year. What was embedded in your original guide for the first quarter?
Dave Pahl: Well again, I think that overall our revenue came within the range of our expected guidance. It was in the upper half primarily because of the strength that we saw in comms equipment.
Toshiya Hari: Okay. Got it. And then as a quick follow-up for Rafael. I wanted to get an update on your thoughts on capital return. Your stock is back up to now quite your 52-week high, but pretty close. How should we think about buybacks versus dividends versus other uses of cash going forward? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. And I am happy to address that, Toshiya. First let me take everybody back to our capital management strategy, the objective that we talk about. And when it comes to cash return, our objective there is to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company via buybacks and dividends. And we think that we recognize that sometimes you strategically build cash, sometimes you strategically drain cash, right. So then you can actually return more than 100% of free cash flow, as frankly we have done for the last few years. But on the two pieces, so dividends and buybacks. On dividends, the goal is to provide a sustainable and growing dividend and we target to be somewhere between 40% to 60% of free cash flow. At the moment, on the trailing 12-month basis, we are at 45%. And then on the repurchases is the creative capture of future free cash flow for the long-term owners. But that essentially means, so let me dive a little deeper on repurchases because I think that's where your question is going. We use reasonable assumptions, not aggressive, not conservative, but reasonable assumptions of our expected growth of free cash flow per share for the company for a long time to come and then based on that, we develop our assessment on valuation of intrinsic value of the company. And then we compare that to their market price and depending on the divergence of those, we buy back. So as long as this is below their intrinsic and higher than market price, we will be buying back shares and how much it depends on their divergence, right. So you can see our history of the last year-and-a-half or so. I mean we have been returning significantly more than 100% of free cash flow as we do that assessment. But as long as the intrinsic value is higher than the market price, we will buy back shares in the open market. With that, do you have a follow-up?
Dave Pahl: No, that was his follow-up. We will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We will go next to Chris Danley with Citigroup.
Dave Pahl: I think he got muted.
Operator: Mr. Danley, your line is open.
Chris Danley: Yes. Hi guys. I heard that the operator came on. Anyway, my question is on trends over in China. Can you just comment on how the order trends have gone over there over the last three months? Have you seen any stabilization? And then any words you can give us on distribution inventory as well?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Chris, I would say that as we said in the prepared remarks that really all the regions performed similarly with the exception of comms equipment that we talked about. All of our markets were pretty consistent this quarter. Distributor inventories were up a little more than a day sequentially to just a little over four-and-a-half weeks. Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Chris Danley: Yes I do. So a bit of a longer-term question. I will break with [indiscernible] them on the call. If we look at your "other revenue", it's like a 8% of sales now and the operating margin has been sort of steadily trending down over the last few years and I think in the most recent quarter was 15%. So it was about 25% below the corporate average. A, why is that operating margin so low? What's going on there? And then B, why not just start shutting down or ending life of those products?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. A couple of things on that. Recently, in this last quarter, we did have a decrease inside of that business within our DLP business but a lot of that was due to this consignment transition that we have talked about. So that's part of what drove the short-term and also maybe some of what the margin issue that you are attributing to. I would also remind you that some of the acquisition charges for example, restructuring charges, that's all in that other piece. Remember, especially on the acquisition charge, that's non-cash. So elsewhere that represents cash that went out the door about eight years ago. So you adjust for that. That maybe gives you a better picture. And lastly, we do have the customized piece there, couple of hundred million still left per year there and over the next two, three, four years that will trend to zero. The rest of the business should be fairly steady and inside of other.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And the other comment that I would make, Chris, you can see the seasonality of calculator not only in the revenues but you can see it in the operating margin. So almost all of those revenues come for back to school. So we will see that at the end of the second quarter and the beginning of third. But obviously, the expenses for that business carry out throughout the whole year. So always you will see because that revenue comes in, in that short period of time, the operating margins in those two quarters look much nicer. And the last comment I will make and we kind of joke about, we should have come up with a more creative name for other, like other good stuff or something like that. So those businesses generate lots of cash for us. And they don't take a lot of resources to maintain them. So that's why they remain in the family. So with that, I think we have got time for one more caller.
Operator: We will go next to Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Hi. I just had a question on the genesis that some of the inventory related weakness you are seeing. We saw last year some of the tightness of things that TI doesn't sell, like MLCC capacitors and things like that where the lead times got really inflated and clearly that's corrected now. I guess as you look back on that, do you think that that triggered inventory of TI components to get built? And where do you think we are in sort of that cycle playing its way through in terms of shortages of other components that TI can't control?
Dave Pahl: Yes. I think Joe that as you are describing it, that's kind of what drives semiconductor cycles, right. I think that if you think of a customer wherever they are in the world and they start to get notified from their suppliers and our peers that their lead times are going out, even though ours aren't going out, they may decide to proactively take their inventory position from six weeks to nine weeks over a 90-day period. And that will drive strength in the business overall and 90-days later they decide to go from nine weeks to 12 weeks of inventory, because things look like they are getting even tighter. And then, once they get comfortable, it moves back in the other way. So as you watch that play out, we had 10 quarters of very strong growth. Most of that was double digit. I think most people when they looked at that would describe that as above trend and what follows 10 quarters of running above trend is a few quarters that will run below. So you have follow-on, Joe?
Joe Moore: Yes. And I guess you may have touched on this and I missed it. But any change in your own lead times over the last three months?
Dave Pahl: Generally our lead times have remained stable. Even through the period of very strong demand, our lead times had remained stable. I think that you can always find pockets just as you can today where we will work with customers very aggressively to close. And I think another important metric that we track, Joe, is on time delivery and those have remained very, very high. Other customer service metrics remained very high. So meaning that, if someone does come and order products at lead time, are we shipping them to the commitments that we have got and those remained high through that whole cycle. And some of the things that we are doing like building inventory of low volume parts during this peak period of weaker demand, we are doing that to ensure that we can continue to deliver product consistently to customers. That's really what's driving that. That and the visibility that we get through programs like consignment, kind of a combination of those things, we are actually doing other things around inventory positions and order entry and we have summarized that as really the belief that their strategic value in owning and controlling that inventory and keeping it on our balance sheet. So with that, I will turn it over to Rafael to wrap things up for us.
Rafael Lizardi: All right. Thanks Dave. Let me finish with a few comments on key items for you to remember. First, as we mentioned last quarter, we will stay focused on what will make us stronger long term and diligent in the short term. Second, we will remain focused on analog and embedded, the best products and industrial and automotive, the best markets. And third, we will continue to be disciplined in executing our capital management strategy and remain committed to returning free cash flow to the owners of the company.
A - Dave Pahl: Thank you and good night.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Texas Instruments 4Q '18 and 2018 Year-End Earnings Release Conference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and 2018 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. First, let me provide some information that's important for your calendars. We plan to hold a call to review our Capital Management Strategy on February 5 at 10 AM Central Time. Similar to what we have done in the past, Rafael and I will provide insight into our strategy. For today's call, let me start by summarizing what Rafael and I will be reviewing. I'll be covering three topics: first, a high-level summary of the financial results for the fourth quarter. Second, I'll provide some details of the fourth quarter by segment and end market, and I'll include some additional color in light of the market weakness we are currently experiencing. And finally, since this is the end of a calendar year, I will provide a summary of our performance by end market for 2018. Rafael will then review profitability, capital management results and the outlook. We'll then open the call for Q&A. Starting with the high-level summary of our fourth quarter financial results; the weakness in demand for our products that began in the third quarter continued into the fourth quarter. The weakness was across most markets and came in about as we expected. There were a few exceptions that I'll cover in more detail when I discuss our fourth quarter segment and end market performance. In our core businesses, Analog revenue grew 4% and Analog Processing declined 12% compared with the same quarter a year ago; both businesses growth decelerated. Operating margin decreased in both businesses, and similar to the third quarter, Embedded remained weaker than Analog, primarily because Analog benefited from increasing content in 5G, while the weaknesses in other markets became more pronounced in Embedded. It is not unusual for Analog and Embedded to perform differently in the short-term, but they are more consistent in the long term. Earnings per share were $1.27, including a $0.01 discrete tax benefit not in our original guidance. In the fourth quarter, our cash flow from operations was $2.1 billion. As we note each quarter, we believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long-term. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-month period was $6.1 billion, up 30% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin for the same period was 38.4% of revenue, up from 31.2% a year ago. We continue to benefit from an improved product portfolio that's long-lived and diverse, and the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300mm Analog output. We believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to owners. In 2018, we returned $7.7 billion in cash to owners through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. Moving on, I'll now provide some details of the fourth quarter by segment and end market and offer some additional color on the market. From a year ago quarter, Analog revenue grew 4% due to Signal Chain and Power, partially offset by declines in High Volume. Embedded Processing revenue declined 12% from the year ago quarter due to declines in both product lines; Processors and Connected Microcontrollers. In our other segment, revenue declined $31 million from the year ago quarter. For the year in total, Analog and Embedded grew 9% and 2%, respectively, and combined were 91% of TI's revenue. Now, given the current market environment I want to provide some additional color on the quarter. As I mentioned earlier, the weakness in demand and our products that began in the third quarter continued into the fourth quarter. Demand came in mostly as expected, although personal electronics, and specifically smartphones, was weaker, including Chinese smartphone manufacturers. Automotive and industrial, both declined sequentially but still grew single digits from the year ago quarter. In contrast, communications equipment grew about 20% year-on-year, benefiting from 5G deployments. On a regional basis, demand in China was weaker than the other regions. End markets within China behaved directionally consistent with the rest of the world. We are seeing signs from our customers and the channel that this weakness is primarily from increased caution due to trade tensions. We assume that this weakness is a combination of lower local end demand, as well as reduced exports, but we do not have visibility into distinguish between the two. In addition, I would note that distributors, particularly in Asia, did get more conservative on their inventory positions late in the quarter. Finally, as we do at the close of each calendar year, I'll now describe our revenue by end market for 2018, which is a good indicator of our strategic progress. We break this into six categories: industrial, automotive, personal electronics which includes products such as mobile phones, PCs, tablets, and TVs, communications equipment, enterprise systems, and other, which is primarily calculators. In summary; industrial, automotive and enterprise systems each grew double digits, while communications equipment was about even and personal electronics declined low single digits in 2018. Specifically, as a percentage of revenue, industrial was 36% and automotive was 20%. Personal electronics was 23%, comms equipment and enterprise systems were 11% and 7%, respectively. Other was 3% of revenue, down low-single digits. One of our competitive advantages is diversity and longevity. For 2018, we did not have a customer who was more than 10% of our revenue. We continue our efforts to diversify our growth across products, markets and customers, strengthening this competitive advantage. We continue to focus our strategy on industrial and automotive markets where we've been allocating our capital and driving initiatives to strengthen our position. This is based on a belief that industrial and automotive will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets. They have increasing semiconductor content and also provide diversity and longevity. All of this translates to a high terminal value of our portfolio. In 2018, industrial and automotive combined made up 56% of TI's revenue, up from 54% in 2017, and up from 42% just five years ago. We have established momentum in these markets, and we see great opportunity ahead. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.41 billion, or 64.8% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue and reduced factory loadings. Gross profit margin decreased 30 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $814 million. Operating expenses for the year were up 1% and were 20.5% of revenue, within our range of expectations. For the year, we have invested $1.56 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. Acquisition charges, a non-cash expense, were $79 million. Acquisition charges will be about $80 million per quarter through the third quarter, and then decline to about $50 million per quarter for two remaining years. Operating profit was $1.52 billion, or 40.8% of revenue. Operating profit was down 3% from the year ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 46.7%, and for Embedded Processing was 29.6%. Our focused investments under best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions enable both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth overtime. Net income in the fourth quarter was $1.24 billion, or $1.27 per share, which included a $0.01 cent discrete tax benefit not in our prior outlook, as we have discussed. As a reminder, the year ago quarter included non-cash charges associated with the tax law changes. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $2.15 billion in the quarter, up 11% from a year ago. Capital expenditures were $323 million in the quarter. In the fourth quarter, we paid $736 million in dividends and repurchased $2.01 billion of our own stock for a total return to owners of $2.75 billion in the fourth quarter. Our balance sheet remains strong with $4.23 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the fourth quarter. Total debt was $5.1 billion with a weighted average coupon rate of 2.77%. Inventory days were 152, up 18 days from a year ago, and above our targeted range as mentioned on our last call. We continue to believe there is strategic value in owning and controlling our inventory. We have reduced our operating plan starting in the fourth quarter, but we are also working to replenish inventory of low volume devices; these actions have served us well in the past. In addition, we have made progress on our next phase of our consignment programs with our distributors. We expect inventory will continue to run above our targeted range for several more quarters. Now, let's look at some of these results for the year. In 2018, cash flow from operations was $7.19 billion. Capital expenditures were $1.13 billion, or 7.2% of revenue. Free cash flow for 2018 was $6.06 billion, or 38.4% of revenue. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we have said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long-term and will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders. We remain committed to return all our free cash flow to owners. Total cash returned to owners in 2018 was $7.66 billion. These combined returns of dividends and share repurchases demonstrate our confidence in our business model and our commitment to return all free cash flow to our owners. In 2018, we paid $2.56 billion in dividends, or about 42% of free cash flow, evidence of their sustainability. Outstanding share count was reduced by 3.9% in 2018, and has been reduced by 45% since the end of 2004 when we initiated a program designed to reduce our share count. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter; we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.34 billion to $3.62 billion, and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.03 to $1.21, which includes an estimated $20 million discrete tax benefit. For 2019 our annual operating tax rate remains unchanged from our prior expectation of 16%. As usual, details of our expectations for taxes can be found on our IR website under Financial Summary Data. In closing, we believe that after 10 quarters of year-on-year growth, the weakness we are seeing is primarily due to the semiconductor cycle. In addition, the macro environment, including uncertainty caused by trade tensions, could impact the depth and duration of this cycle. Given our experience, we will stay focused on making TI stronger for the long-term, while remaining diligent in the short-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are technology and manufacturing, portfolio breadth, market reach, and diverse and long-lived positions [ph]. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best products; Analog and Embedded Processing, and the best markets; industrial and automotive, which I believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth for a long time to come. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as any of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: We will take our first question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: I'm curious, how are you managing your utilization in this downturn that you are seeing? I know Rafael, you mentioned that you have long-lived parts but how are you managing utilization? And are you making any distinction by the end-market that the specific part is going into? And as part of that, should we continue to assume the same 75% or so incremental gross margin fall-through?
Rafael Lizardi: So let me answer the last one first, yes. And now let me go back to your question. So as I -- there is a bit of an echo on the call, but as I -- as we talked a lot on the call 90 days ago, we have reduced our wafer starts to align our operating plan better with our revenue expectations; we did that in fourth quarter, and we are doing that again in the first quarter. That does drive lower factory loadings, and that does have a P&L effect but the way we're thinking about it is as an owner, is from a cash standpoint. So inventory is a use of cash, as we drive down inventory that actually helps cash. And more importantly, it sets us up to support our revenue expectations for the coming year. As to revenue expectations, those revenue expectations change overtime, then we'll adjust the factory loadings and utilization in order to manage that appropriately.
Dave Pahl: And I'll just add to the second part of your question; we've got tens of thousands of products across 100,000 customers, so you can imagine the complexity of that planning. The strongest signal that we get is the orders from customers, as well as the demand signals that we get through our consignment programs. So as we go through and planned wafer starts, that is -- that's what we pay close attention to. And obviously in a time like this, we'll be very diligent in watching that, and then proactively moving when we need to. So with that, do you have a follow-up Vivek?
Vivek Arya: So the second part is, I know you mentioned that it's hard to predict when we come out of this downturn. But are there any other signs that you look at, even if there are qualitative, that can give us some indication whether this is a one or two or three quarter issue? I understand it's very trade dependent but have you seen cancellations that are any different or similar to prior downturns? Any other color that you could help -- that you could give us to help us try and at least predict somewhat when we come out of this would be very useful. Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yes Vivek, so maybe just a couple of things. I think when we look at different things that we can look at like cancellations, they were up in the quarter, but just up a little. Lead times, overall, they continue to be stable. We can always find pockets where we're working aggressively with customers to close but by and far, they tend to be very stable. So we'll look at all of those signals. I think on the broader view, I've been in the industry for over 30 years now, and we looked at data over that period of time, and I've been through 9 up cycles, and obviously, we're entering into the ninth down cycle. And if you stare at the data, and I've seen in your reports, Vivek, that you've done some analysis on that too, there is no typical or average to those numbers but if you had to pick a number it's probably around the 12 months that a cycle could last. And things like that trade tensions could lengthen that, but it doesn't mean it has to be that long; as you know, it could be longer or shorter than that. So again, the best signal that we get is those orders from customers. Rafael, you want to add to that?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, just to add to that, we are proactively setting the operating plan so that we can manage whatever comes at us. So it's at a level that if we can run sideways for a while, we are prepared to support our potential snapback. Or if it's deeper and longer, then we have to make further adjustments but we are in a good position to make those adjustments and protect the cash flow and have the company in a position going forward.
Operator: We'll move to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Just Rafael, going back to kind of utilization and inventory; I know you said in your prepared comments, you'll be above sort of your inventory targets for next several quarters. I'm just kind of curious relative to how you see the world today and what action you've already taken on utilization? Do you think 152 days will represent kind of the peak in inventory days or would you expect it to migrate to higher before migrating lower? And I guess as you answer the question, if you could just remind us with the consignment plan, kind of -- what are the new targets for inventory longer term?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, so that's a good question, let me just give you a few things to think about on that. First, as I said before, at the end of the day our objective here is to maximize long-term growth of free cash flow, so that's how we think about all these norms [ph]. Loadings and inventory is one of them, CapEx is another one, that all we're doing is trying to maximize that long-term growth. With inventory, as we say, we see value in owning that inventory, that's part of the reason why we are building that low volume, those low-volume buffer that we talked about is also the reason why we are increasing the consignment inventory. And that does push -- put upward pressure on inventory. At the same time, we -- overall we have lowered the operating plan, so that is to control the cash that's used for inventory, more or so than any particular inventory days target. Now to get to the heart of your specific question, it depends, right. So if this thing gets weaker, then inventory days could theoretically go up higher than 152. If it stays above stable, then over one, two or three quarters, we'll get back to the insider range.
John Pitzer: Then Dave, as a follow-up, you talked about sort of -- there has been times where discrepancy in growth between Analog and Embedded; I'm wondering if you could just help us understand kind of from an end market perspective, where the discrepancy is sort of the largest? For example; I know in the comm space, there is a really good content story on the Analog side that might not be there on the Embedded side. So when you look at the difference of growth rates, is there any sort of end market color you can give us?
Dave Pahl: Yes, and certainly, both of those segments do have different end market exposure. We talked about the benefits that Analog is staying in comms equipment. You know, most of our PE revenues in Analog is well, so that's the difference, we do have some inside of Embedded. But -- and John, if you look at year-over-year growth rates for as long as we've had the segments out there, you'll notice in times that they are actually moving in opposite directions but overtime, if you look at those numbers, they really do perform more similar. And then, also if you look at just industry data for the Analog market and compare that to the Embedded market, those behave differently. So I think that that's just kind of the facts of how those two businesses behave. Thank you, we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: We'll move next to Harlan Sur with JP Morgan.
Harlan Sur: What was the book-to-bill in the December quarter? And near-term, kind of looking at bookings and the rolling forecast on your direct and consignment base customers, have you guys seen any signs of stabilization or do the near-term trends still suggests kind of continued weakness along the same sort of the slope?
Dave Pahl: Yes. So our book-to-bill, and I always make this comment whenever it's asked, we've got now 65% of our revenues on some type of a consignment program, so you're seeing that number begin to move up as we implement further stages of our consignment programs with distributors; so book-to-bill is somewhat you just have to be cautious with the number. But this past quarter it was 0.98, it was 0.98 a year ago and 0.96 in the last quarter; so that's just what the facts are. I think if you look at things like order linearity, orders decreased each month of the quarter. To some degree, that's not completely unusual that in a fourth quarter that you'd see weakness as you got into the third month. But I'd just say that those orders and the demand feeds that we get from our customers has really driven us to give you the guidance that we have; so that's really where we are Harlan. You have a follow-on?
Harlan Sur: Yes. Given the growth this year, you guys drove another $1 billion of Analog revenues to your 300-millimeter fabs, you've got probably about $3 billion left to go. So, if I assume kind of high-single digits type of normalized revenue growth for Analog, your 300-millimeter fabs are going to be full in about 1.5 years. So it would seem that that the team would be having to make a decision soon about your new fab expansion initiatives. So you guys have any updates there?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, let me give you my view, and then Dave may go ahead and chime in. But capacity planning for new 300-millimeter tranche of capacity, that's something we've got to take very seriously, and something that has a very long-term horizon. So this is something that is not changed by small fluctuations in short-term expectations, so we are continuing the planning process on that and right now we have options to consider and we'll continue thinking of that. As we have said, I think 90 days ago, whenever we do decide to go that route, if we do build our factory, that'd probably be a $600 million to $700 million cost on the shell, the actual building, and that will probably spend over a couple of years. So that's not the only option we have for -- to expand capacity, we can always buy an existing factory and that's another option that we're considering. And also I would say, the -- if we do build a factory, there are multiple locations that we're considering.
Dave Pahl: And I'd just add Harlan; that last year we had about $4.8 billion of our Analog revenue on 300-millimeter footprint, that was up from about $4 billion, that's real close to what the Analog segment actually grew. So again, we plan to talk about as Analog would grow, that it would be 300-millimeter that would support the growth. And roughly, that's what we've seen again this quarter.
Operator: We'll take Chris Danely with Citigroup.
Chris Danely: Dave, first of all, congratulations on surviving 8 downturns. Can you guys talk about the ability to manage CapEx and OpEx this year if this sluggish time period continues? Could you work OpEx down on a year-over-year basis? And then, I think you said CapEx was 7.2% of sales or something like that; what should we be thinking about CapEx as a percent of sales this year?
Dave Pahl: Let me give you some background there. First, as I mentioned earlier on the call, all the knobs that we have at the end of the day are to optimize and maximize long-term growth of free cash flow per share; so that's the main objective, as you know very well from knowing us for many years and our capital management strategy. So CapEx is one of those knobs, and for CapEx specifically, what is the objective, it's to invest and support in new technology development, it's revenue growth and to expand our low-cost manufacturing advantage. So in 2018, we spent $1.1 billion for CapEx and as you pointed out, that was 7.2% of revenue. At the same thing, we generated $6.1 billion of free cash flow, that was 30% growth on free cash flow from the previous years. So despite that CapEx, we increased free cash flow, that 30%. Now that CapEx is positioning us to grow the top line and free cash flow for a long time to come. Now given, as you pointed out and as our midpoint and our range implies, decelerating market, then we can do things differently on CapEx. Going forward, I expect -- if conditions continue, a slowdown in CapEx, probably not in the first quarter, maybe not even in the second quarter, but over 2019. We'll just keep that in mind -- keep in mind that is all dependent on expectations of growth beyond that for years, not just 2019 or even 2020. So we'll adjust those -- we'll adjust the CapEx plan as those expectations change.
Rafael Lizardi: And I'd just add; I think when you look at 2019, that we'd expect CapEx to run into the future even beyond 2019, closer to 6% of revenue. And that's higher than what it's been in the past just because of the availability of -- use the 300-millimeter equipment on the market, so that's where our expectations there are. You have a follow-on, Chris?
Chris Danely: Yes. Can you guys just talk about how the slowdown is impacting your two biggest end markets, industrial and automotive?
Dave Pahl: Yes, I think that when we look at them, they both slowed in the quarter. We actually saw industrial; it was really broad-based growth on -- from a year-on-year basis, it was double digits but inside of the quarter, it actually grew upper single digits. And then automotive again, it had slowed, but it grew double digits in total for the year but for the quarter, for year-on-year quarter it grew in low-single digits. So again, both of those markets are growing but certainly not at the rates that we have seen over the past few years. Okay, thank you, Chris. And we'll go to our next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. That will be from Timothy [ph] from UBS.
Unidentified Analyst: Dave, can you give us an idea of OpEx for March? I know it's typically up like 5% seasonally, but it's also a little more fixed now than in the past. So is it going to be up a smidge [ph], both year-over-year and on a quarterly basis? Thanks.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, so I'll go ahead and take that. First, step back real quick, OpEx is just another knob that we have to optimize long-term growth of free cash flow per share, right; at the end of the day, that is the long-term objective. And in the case of OpEx, it's an opportunity to invest in R&D, so to put more products for industrial and automotive is an opportunity to invest in demand creation on the SG&A side and other things, other initiatives that's going to strengthen our competitive advantages. If you look at 2018, that OpEx came in at about 1% growth versus the previous year and 20.5% of revenue. On a go-forward basis for 2019, for dollars of OpEx, I would expect somewhere in the neighborhood, maybe up a couple of percentage points for pay and benefit increases, something along those lines. But generally speaking, at about that same level, all OpEx. Now you asked specifically about the quarter, we give you a range for revenue, a range for EPS; we don't get in the lines between, but I will tell you we're not expecting anything unusual. You can look at the fall-through -- expected fall-through on revenue to GPM [ph] and do your own models, and you should get to a reasonable assumption or conclusion for those lines in between.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on?
Unidentified Analyst: I do, actually. So Rafael, the Repo [ph] was the biggest in -- as a percent of free cash flow, I'm thinking about 3 years. I know that you don't think of it that way on kind of a quarterly basis but it's historically been a little more mechanical than opportunistic. So should we kind of read into that that you were a little more opportunistic because of the stock pullback? Thanks.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, thanks for the question. So, again, let me step back and remind everybody, what's our intent when it comes to repurchases; and our intent is to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company and that objective has not changed. We do that through a combination of dividends and buybacks, and we will be -- we have been and will be opportunistic with repurchases as it makes sense. So for example, in 2018, as I mentioned earlier, our free cash flow was $6.1 billion, that was an increase of 30% from the previous year. And we'd return $7.7 billion throughout the year through a combination of dividends and buybacks. And that year-on-year free cash flow growth was the biggest driver of that increase in returns, as a $6.1 billion increase from $4.7 billion in the previous year.
Dave Pahl: Okay, great. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: That will be from Chris [ph] with Raymond James.
Unidentified Analyst: First question, I wondered if you can talk about geographic differences. And you mentioned China in your opening remarks, and I think that's obvious right now. Maybe what did you see there and contrast that with what you saw in the U.S. and Europe; was that weak also, just perhaps not as weak as China business?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, that's exactly right, Chris. So when we looked at China, it was weaker than the other regions. And then when you drop down into the end markets within China, I just described it as really performing very similarly, directionally, meaning that comms equipment was up as it was in other areas, we saw the markets of auto and industrial, as well as enterprise get weaker from that standpoint; so we did see that difference this quarter. You have a follow-on?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. And I guess, you would also mentioned in your remarks the impact of the trade issues and tariffs. And obviously, it's very hard to disassociate that from what's going on in the end markets. But with that, have you also seen -- I guess we've heard this from some others that perhaps there was some activity of either pulling forward orders to get ahead of tariffs, or pushing out things because of the tariffs; and obviously, the deadlines have changed and we've got another deadline coming up. I guess the question is what effect it may have had on order patterns as we went through the quarter?
Dave Pahl: Yes, I think it's hard for us to actually distinguish that specifically. But the one thing that we did see was, distributors did get more cautious on their inventory late in the quarter. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks; I think that kind of coupled with the signs of weakness that we saw in China, that's really led us to the belief that that's part of the caution that they are seeing from a trade tension standpoint. So -- okay, thank you, Chris and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. That will be from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jerry [ph] on behalf of Ross. I just have a quick question on -- you mentioned consignment transition; is there -- could you quantify an impact to the 1Q '19 guide and 2019 as a whole [ph]?
Dave Pahl: Yes, I'd say that we saw probably about $50 million impact in the fourth quarter. In the third quarter -- Rafael, you can remind me, it's about $20 million or $30 million
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, in the third quarter.
Dave Pahl: In the third quarter of 2018. We'd expect as we go through next year that that impacted to be about in that range. And by the end of the year, we should have that next phase fully deployed. You have a follow-on?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, there has been some questions about end markets; I just want to ask in a different way. Could you just talk about quarter-on-quarter what the end market did, specifically focusing on the fourth quarter?
Dave Pahl: Certainly. So industrial declined upper single digits, I'd just say those declines were broad-based. Automotive declined upper single digits with all sectors decreasing, personal electronics declined low double digits, comms equipment grew single digits, and enterprise systems declined. So with that, I think we have time for one more caller.
Operator: And that will be from Amit [ph] with RBC Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: I guess two questions from me as well. I mean, first off, when I look at the March quarter guide and the implication is revenues will decline from 1% in December year-over-year to about 8% in March. What is driving that acceleration in revenue declines? Is there a couple of end markets you would specifically call out that's driving it where perhaps the challenge was adjusting [ph] aggressively or is it more or less broad-based?
Dave Pahl: Amit, when we give our guidance we don't do it by end markets unless there is something specific that is going on that kind of would be discontinuous with how things are operating. So we'll finish up the quarter and let that -- it will provide the details by end markets then. But clearly, the weakness that we saw in the third quarter continued into the fourth. Obviously, that -- we're continuing to expect that to continue into first.
Rafael Lizardi: And just to add to that, as we've said in prepared remarks and during the call; we think this weakness is primarily due to the semiconductor cycle. We've grown for third quarter in a row [ph], and that's the sort of thing that happens in the semiconductor industry. And in addition to that, the macro environment, including the trade tensions could also be having an impact and could affect that and the duration of [indiscernible].
Dave Pahl: You have a follow-on, Amit?
Unidentified Analyst: I do. In the past, best you have talked about your ability to keep picking up 30, 40, 50 -- 30 to 40 basis points a share across your end markets. As you look at '19 where revenue or broader industry trends are somewhat more challenging, is it easier for larger analog company to pick up more market share or is it more difficult for you guys? How would you kind of stack that up?
Dave Pahl: I think when you look at the quality of the opportunity in the Analog and Embedded space, if market share just doesn't move quickly across any of our peers in these marketplaces; and I think that just really speaks to the quality of that opportunity. So we continue to invest in our competitive advantages which are our manufacturing and technology we talked about earlier, the breadth of our product portfolio, the reach of our market channels which includes our sales force and the size of it but also our presence at TI.com, and then diversity and longevity. So we're not dependent on any particular customer or product or technology to drive that revenue. So we're working and investing to make those stronger, it's just hard to pick up market share; I can tell you that everyone here at TI will be focused on that even as we go through the downturn, and probably have even more diligence and intensity around that overall. But again, if you could make that number higher, we absolutely would, but it is a hard thing to move. So with that, let me turn it over to Rafael to add some final comments.
Rafael Lizardi: All right. So let me finish with a few comments on some key items for you to remember. First, during this period of weaker demand, we will stay focused on what will make us stronger long-term and diligent in the short-term. Second, we will remain focused on the Analog and Embedded, the best products, and Industrial and Automotive, the best markets. Third, we will continue to be disciplined in executing our capital management strategy and remain committed to returning all free cash flow to the owners of the company.
Dave Pahl: Okay, thank you for joining us. Again, please plan to join us for our Capital Management call on February 5 at 10 AM Central Time. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: That does conclude our conference call for today, everyone. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Pahl - Head of Investor Relations and Vice President Rafael Lizardi - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Chris Danely - Citigroup Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tore Svanberg - Stifel
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Texas Instruments Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
David Pahl: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TIs Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TIs results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TIs most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Ill start with a quick summary of our financial results. Revenue for the third quarter increased 4% from a year ago; however, demand for our products slowed across most markets during the quarter. Earnings per share were $1.58. In our core businesses, Analog revenue grew 8% and Embedded Processing revenue declined 4% compared with the same quarter a year ago. Analog and Embedded performed about the same directionally within most end markets, with communications equipment as the exception. In communications equipment, Analog products saw double-digit growth, which included early 5G product ramps, while Embedded products declined from a year ago, as we expected. Without the decline in communications equipment, Embedded would have grown. With that backdrop, Ill provide details on our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of our business model. In the third quarter, our cash flow from operations was $2.1 billion. We believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long-term. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-month period was $5.9 billion, up 40% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin for the same period was 37.5% of revenue. We continue to benefit from the quality of our product portfolio thats long-lived and diverse, and the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300 millimeter Analog output. We believe that free cash flow will only be valued if it is productively invested in the business or returned to owners. For the trailing 12-month period, we returned $6.2 billion of cash to owners through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. In September, we announced we would increase our dividend by 24%, and we increased our share repurchase authorizations by $12 billion, taken together these reflect our commitment to return all of our free cash flow to our owners. Ill provide some details by segment. From the year-ago quarter, Analog revenue grew 8% due to Power and Signal Chain. High Volume declined. Embedded Processing revenue decreased by 4% from the year-ago quarter due to Processors. Connected Microcontrollers was about even. In our Other segment, revenue declined 6% primarily due to custom products, as we expected. Now, Ill provide some insight into this quarters performance by end market versus a year ago. Industrial demand slowed to upper-single digit growth with most sectors growing year-on-year. Automotive grew double-digits from a year ago, but the growth slowed from previous quarters. We continue to focus our investments across 14 sectors in industrial and five sectors in automotive. We believe these investments will continue to deliver broad-based and diverse revenue growth over the long-term. Personal electronics declined mid-single digits as increases at some customers were offset by declines at others. Communications equipment increased low-single digits from a year ago as Analog, which included early 5G product ramps I mentioned earlier grew and was offset by declines in Embedded. And lastly, enterprise systems grew. In summary, we continue to focus our strategy on the industrial and automotive markets, where we have been allocating our capital and driving initiatives to strengthen our position. This is based on a belief that industrial and automotive will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets. They have increasing semiconductor content. And these markets provide diversity and longevity. All of this translates to a high terminal value of our portfolio. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook. Rafael?
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.8 billion or 65.8% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit increased primarily due to higher revenue. Gross profit margin increased 130 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $786 million, about even from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 20.4% of revenue, within our range of expectations. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.55 billion in R&D. We are pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D that allows us to continue to grow our top line and gain market share. Acquisition charges, a non-cash expense were $80 million. Acquisition charges will be about $80 million per quarter through the third quarter of 2019, then decline to about $50 million per quarter for two remaining years. Operating profit was $1.94 billion or 45.5% of revenue. Operating profit was up 8% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 49.8%, up from 47% a year ago, and for Embedded Processing was 34.6%, down from 34.9% a year ago. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions will enable both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth over the long-term. Net income in the third quarter was $1.57 billion or $1.58 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $2.11 billion in the quarter. It increased $384 million from the year-ago quarter primarily due to a lower tax rate and higher revenue, which includes more 300 millimeter Analog revenue. Capital expenditures were $370 million in the quarter. Free cash flow was $5.93 billion on a trailing 12-month basis, up 40% from a year ago. In the third quarter, we paid $602 million in dividends and repurchased $1.2 billion of our stock for a total return of $1.8 billion in the third quarter. We have returned $6.23 billion to owners in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return to owners all of our free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 41% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. As Dave mentioned already, in September, we announced we would increase our dividend by 24%, and we increased our share repurchase authorizations by $12 billion. Our quarterly dividend went from $0.62 to $0.77, or $3.08 annualized. This is our 15th consecutive year of dividend increases, and over the past 5 years we have increased the quarterly dividend by a compounded average rate of 21%. Our total outstanding repurchase authorization was about $18.2 billion at the end of third quarter. Our balance sheet remains strong with $5.11 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the third quarter. Total debt is $5.1 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.77%. Inventory days were 131, up 13 days from a year ago and within our expected range. We continue to believe there is strategic value in owning and controlling our inventory. In the third quarter, we began the next phase of our consignment program with our distributors and implementation will continue through the end of 2019. Turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion, and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.14 to $1.34. We continue to expect our ongoing annual operating tax rate to be about 20% in 2018 and about 16% starting in 2019. Just as a reminder, the higher tax rate this year is due to non-cash charges. To help you with your model for 2019, we are providing the quarterly discrete tax benefits and tax rates for the year. We expect a discrete tax benefit of $20 million in the first quarter, $10 million in the second and third quarters, and $5 million in the fourth. Therefore, the effective tax rate would be 15% for the first quarter and 16% in the second, third and fourth quarters. These details of our expectations for taxes can also be found on the IR website under Financial Summary Data. In closing, the strength of our business model has been demonstrated over the past 15 years through up and down markets. We are heading into a softer market, and we plan to execute as we have in the past: First, we will be disciplined with our operating plan. We will reduce wafer starts; however, inventory days will rise above our range as we strategically build low-volume, long-lived products and implement the latest phase of our consignment program. Second, we will continue our R&D investment levels and plans, which have a long-term focus. Third, we will be thoughtful with SG&A. There are important areas of investments that increase our competitive advantages, like our demand-creation initiative, and these would remain unchanged. In other areas of SG&A, we will be prudent as appropriate. And lastly, we are planning our next phase of 300 millimeter capacity expansion to be available as soon as 2020 or 2021. A slowdown will have little effect on our timing to get the next 300 millimeter factory shell in place. In conclusion, we are focused on the best products Analog and Embedded Processing and the best markets industrial and automotive, which will enable us to grow free cash flow per share for a long time to come. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
David Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys, thank you for taking my questions. First, I wanted to ask about drivers of gross margin in the next quarter. You mentioned a few things, youre going to reduce wafer starts but inventory days are also going to rise. You mentioned your 300-millimeter next phase is coming on, which suggests CapEx continues to be elevated so depreciation goes up. I just wondered if you could give us a little bit more color on the different drivers as we get into Q4 and how should think about those drivers evolving into 2019 and beyond as some of them are longer-term?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, Stacy, let me take that. The big picture of fall-through on our revenue is the same as it has been before. 70% to 75% is what we have talked about and that applies on going up, it also applies going down. So thats what we would expect. Of course, that is over the long haul. So any one quarter, it could be a little different. The other thing I would tell you, obviously, when we are increasing wafer starts, that is a help for gross margins and when were decreasing wafer starts, its a headwind on gross margins. And so you will see that and you should expect that. You have a follow-up?
Stacy Rasgon: Yes. So I guess, how do you continue to build inventory going forward if youre reducing wafer starts? How does that work?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So it depends on how much you reduce wafer starts depending on the revenue change, right? And also it depends on the timing of that. Wafers cycle times can be anywhere between 12 to 16 weeks. It doesnt change on a dime. But the key point on keeping those, the wafer starts, at a level that even though we are reducing them, but we can still build those long-lived inventory buffers for industrial and automotive. Those are low risk buffers. Those parts live for a long, long time and they enable us to then support our customers on the other side of this slowdown. So overall, its just a better way and a smart way to allocate our capital.
David Pahl: Yes. And Ill just add to that, Stacy, that not only will we build that strategic inventory of low-volume parts but were also, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, moving a larger proportion of our revenues to consignment. So both of those things will put pressure on inventory. But we believe those are the right things to do long term. So thanks, Stacy. Well go to the next caller please.
Operator: Well now hear from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Dave, just relative to your comments in the prepared remarks about Embedded in the comms space, can you help us sort of quantify the size of that business now? And is that at all influencing the guide for the December quarter?
David Pahl: Okay, yes. So let me take you back to our capital management strategy back in February. And if you look back even over the past few years, weve been talking about how were allocating R&D just through an end market view. So as you walk through that, no surprise that industrial and automotive, weve been taking our allocation of R&D up there. In Personal electronics, no surprise there. Its down, but its more selective, its not zero. We still find good opportunities. And then comms equipment really has been a different story on Analog than it has been on Embedded. And weve long talked about in Embedded that weve taken our spend there up. In Analog and Embedded, weve actually taken it down. The reason why is that when you look at 5G, there are whats new and what operators need and the OEMs that are delivering that new standard creates more complexity in the radio. And for us, that translates to more Analog contents and more opportunity. The new 5G standards really dont change things much from a digital standpoint. So weve got good position there thats not  that isnt something that weve needed to invest in. So really, what we are seeing is just the result as that rolls out. So were confident in our 5G position as that market begins to grow. And we also have a great 4G business and were still shipping some 3G stuff. So we are convinced that the majority of our growth is still going to come longer-term from industrial and automotive. But well  comms equipment will be a very good market for us for long periods of time. Do you have a follow-up, John?
John Pitzer: Dave, I guess my question specifically is, is there another shortfall in revenue coming in Embedded Comms in the calendar fourth quarter? Because it looks like it was at least, on a year-over-year basis, about $40 million in the calendar third quarter, if your comments about Embedded growing ex comms is correct, if Im doing the math right. Is that  is there more to come in the calendar fourth quarter? Or is this now behind us?
David Pahl: Yes. So last year, comms equipment was 12% of our revenues in total. And I would say that, if you have listened to the commentary, which Im sure you did, it was the one market that actually grew inside of the quarter, right? So we saw year-on-year growth in communications equipment in total even though that was not contributed by the Embedded business. So yes, those things are in our guidance going forward. I think our guidance is more influenced by the fact that we are seeing most of the markets beginning to slow versus the specifics of whats going on inside of comms equipment. So thank you, John. Well go the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. Chris Danely with Citigroup, please go ahead.
Chris Danely: Hey thanks, guys. Just a little more color maybe on the slowdown. When you talk to your customers or the distis, does it feel like things could get a little bit worse? And then maybe which  it sounds like comms looks a little bit better, which of the end markets has fallen off the most?
David Pahl: Yes, let me start and see if Rafael wants to add anything. So Chris, I think that its always best when you enter a period like this. We just kind of stick to the facts of what we can see, what we can measure. We just turned in 4% growth year-over-year. If you take the midpoint of our guidance, revenues would be flat. So thats a different number than what weve just delivered inside of this quarter. So where it goes from there and how long it lasts are just things that we dont know. We will be in a position with what were doing with wafer starts. That if its a more shallow correction, we will be prepared to support it on the other side. If its longer lived, we will be monitoring our wafer starts on a daily basis and we know how to react in those situations.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, let me add to that and Ill just frankly just emphasize what Dave say he covered it very well already. But most end markets have slowed, thats what we know. And we believe this is mostly driven by a slowdown in semiconductors, meaning we really cant speak to any macro driven event here. As we have said before, the direct effect of the tariffs for us in any of the trade issues is minimal. Its really not there. So all we can judge is by what we see right in front of us, what our customers, the signal they send us and thats what we are basing this on. In addition to that, as Dave said, the key thing here is what we do with the operating plan so that we put ourselves in a position so that if this is shallow, we can very quickly ramp back up and support growth. If its not shallow, if it actually goes the other way, we are also in a position where we can make additional adjustments to just continue to do the right thing from a free cash flow standpoint and from an operating plan standpoint. On the investment side, as I said during our prepared remarks, we are not going to change anything on R&D. SG&A will be prudent and then on 300-millimeter, were going to continue with the plans to continue expanding that, strengthening the competitive advantage.
David Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Chris Danely: Yes. I guess, not talking about the future, but just given whats happened to you up until now. What would you attribute the cause of the slowdown? Is it just overall demand? Is it tariffs? Is it China? Is it too much inventory? Anything more specific on just the slowdown in semis? What do the customers or disties are telling you, I guess?
David Pahl: Yes, Chris, I think that kind of reiterating what Rafael said and maybe add a little color is that we believe thats mostly driven by a slowdown in the semiconductor market just after several years of strong growth. It doesnt preclude that there arent other things and other factors, the macro things that are going on. Certainly, as the quarters evolve, those things will become more obvious of what role that theyll play. But thats where  well just stick to what we can see and what we know. So all right, thank you, Chris. And well go to the next caller.
Operator: Caller your line is open Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hey guys, thanks to let me ask a question. I guess I wanted to hit it from a lead time perspective. David, doesnt seem like youre going to give terribly more color on it. But if its short lead times and your lead times havent really changed, it seems like it would be more of a demand than an inventory perspective. So any color you could give on that? And then maybe even geographically, is there any color about one market acting differently than any of the others?
David Pahl: Yes, Ross. Let me just comment on a few of the things that we can see. And certainly, we watch all those indicators. And to kind of start with where I want to end is the best indicator that we get are orders from customers that we get directly as well as weve got 60% of our revenues on consignment where we actually have demand fees that customers are telling us what they plan to build. And those clearly are the best signals that we can see. Our outlook will be built on that. And certainly, those indicators show that demand slowed across most of the end markets during the quarter. And thats why you see the guidance as it is, the sentiment that kind of as we are working through things here. So when you look at the other indicators that we see, so things like distributor inventory, its up slightly but its still running at about four weeks. Cancellations are up, but I would still describe them as running at low levels. Our lead times, as you mentioned, they have continued to remain stable. And it doesnt matter what period youre in, youre always going to have places where demand will be tight and we will work with customers on that. But the vast majority of products have continued to be very, very stable from a lead time standpoint. So thats kind of what we see. Regionally, I dont think when we look at our numbers, theres nothing there that we would call out, specifically. And also, just as a reminder, I know you know very well that we ship product into a particular region, it may get put into a subsystem or a system and then shipped into another region of the world. So actually, looking at our demand by regional results really doesnt give much color on whats going on from a macro standpoint. So you got a follow-on?
Ross Seymore: Yes. Just quickly, you havent mentioned the automotive market in any short-term fashion. But thats been the market that probably has the biggest laundry list of headwinds from your customers and your customers customers. Any color of what youre seeing in aggregate or on the five sub segments within it?
David Pahl: Yes. On Automotive, growth did slow there. But as you know, weve been growing very strongly and really for five years plus. So demand slowed but it still grew double-digits, right? So we saw that growth was broad-based. It was across the sectors. But in aggregate, it did slow as well as the demand inside of industrial. And so, okay? Well, thank you, Ross. Well go to the next caller please.
Operator: Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you. I wonder if you can just  I think just take one more cut at this demand question. I mean, when you guys are guiding for Q4, is the conservatism entirely just what youre seeing in your order book? And to what degree, when you see these automotive shortfalls at your customers and, to a lesser extent, industrial shortfalls of your customer, are you budgeting for that to maybe soften from where your current level of visibility is? Or is not that the way youre looking at?
Rafael Lizardi: Ill just make a quick comment and turn it over to Dave. But I wouldnt categorize or characterize that guidance as conservative. This is the best we know, based on the orders that we are getting from our customers and the best signal that we have. And that range encompasses the best of our knowledge.
David Pahl: Yes, I think thats well said. Do you have a follow-on, Joe?
Joe Moore: Yes, sure. I mean, do you have a sense for, when you look at your third quarter, do you think your customers built inventory? And did you see any people building ahead to get ahead of tariffs, either the 10% or the 25% tariff? Just any indications that your inventories may have built and that some element of this is softening? Is inventory declining in Q4? Just how are you thinking about those inventory levels?
David Pahl: Yes. Ill point out or Ill just remind you, Joe, because I know you know, weve got 60% of our revenues on consignment. So for that revenue, there isnt an inventory buffer at our customers that are in front of that. The demand that were seeing is the actual  is close to the factory order builds as youre going to get. Our visibility ends there, right? So their demand downstream and downstream into their kennels, of course we have no visibility on that front. So we are fairly early in the announcement schedule and lineup. And so we will find out where that  if there is inventory out there as more companies report. So thank you very much. And well go to the next caller please.
Operator: Well go to Ambrish Srivastava with Bank of America  sorry with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Lastly checks to BMO, thank you.
David Pahl: Never know.
Ambrish Srivastava: Never know. Im sure Vivek is there on the line as well, sorry, Vivek. Youre safe, buddy. So just, Dave, on the demand side, I just wanted to  you guys have been to several sectors. I just wanted to make sure and youre correctly calling out that youre telling us what youre seeing on the fact space. But then these metrics like cancellations or debookings or what have you, is there a rate of change that you look at and say that you can give us any perspective on how deep its going to be or what kind of duration this would turn into?
Rafael Lizardi: Ill take a shot at that. And Dave, you want to add to that. But frankly, no, we  as Dave said, we have  the visibility that we have is to the consignment inventory thats in front of us. And by the way, that is inventory that is still in our books. So we havent recognized revenue for that. So thats one advantage of having that consignment, that inventory like that. And so thats the data point we have and we use that to forecast the next quarters revenue. And the other data point is what Dave already mentioned, right, cancellations. Theyre up slightly but they continue at low levels and our lead times have remained stable.
David Pahl: Yes. And Ill just say, things like distributor inventory, Ambrish, Ill point out, its still around four weeks. Thats half to a third of what many of our peers run with distributor inventory. And as we implement these next phases, that number structurally will continue to come down over time. So now that doesnt mean that were not going to see cycles in those types of impact. And even with consignment inventory, we have as good a visibility as you can get of what our customers are going to build. But never confuse high visibility with  that, that number cant change and change quickly. So  but we know about it as soon the customers plan to do something and something different.
Rafael Lizardi: And let me add a little bit to that. On that next phase of consignment that we talked about, as Dave just mentioned, thats going to take those distribution inventory weeks, from about four to maybe about three over the next year or so. That did put some headwind on our third quarter revenue of about $20 million. And it is probably going to put  it is putting another $50 million or so to our fourth quarter revenue. That is incorporated of course in our guide. Of course, that is a small part of whats going on here. As weve said, most of our markets have slowed down and thats the main driver of the guidance that were giving.
David Pahl: Great. Do you have a follow-on, Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes, I did, and that was helpful. What was the book-to-bill for the quarter?
David Pahl: Our book-to-bill, I knew you would ask that question. It is 0.96 in the quarter. And as I always give that number, I have to  for those who dont follow us and talk about the consignment programs, we dont carry any orders for that demand. And so book-to-bill, just be careful with the number, use it in the safety of your home. So with that, well move onto next caller please.
Operator: Well go to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
David Pahl: Hey, Vivek.
Vivek Arya: Thank you. Yes.
David Pahl: Are you still there?
Vivek Arya: Glad Im still here. So when I look at the last two downturns that you guys went through, and Im just focusing on the core Analog and Embedded business, and Im talking about say the first half of 2013 or late 2015, they kind of lasted for two quarters, and then you saw your core Analog and Embedded business start to then start to grow year-on-year. I know you dont want to say anything about the future. But if you were to just help us contrast the customer behavior and the signals that youre seeing now versus what you saw in those downturns, is there anything that stands out, positive or negative?
David Pahl: Yes, Id start that as we look at those, and we all look at industry data. As we went through those other downturns, the ups werent very strong and therefore the downs werent very strong, right? And I think weve just described those as weve moved through them. Its just operating in a world that really have low economic growth, right? So the last couple of years, certainly, weve had much stronger upturn in the economy overall. The economic growth has been stronger over the last couple of years. So thats certainly different. I think that our business has continued to evolve. We have more industrial, more automotive business. We are continuing to invest and ensure that, that revenue is coming from diverse and long-lived places. I think that weve continued to invest in our 300-millimeter Analog footprint and grow. So weve got that going into the numbers. So  and if you look at the financial performance of the company over those last cycles and even this quarter, and you look at the amount of free cash flow that were generating, we just turned in as a percentage of revenue, 37.5%. Those are good, strong numbers. And I think that those are the things that give us confidence to continue to make the investments, to make the business stronger, investing in the competitive advantages. Markets will strengthen and weaken over periods of time. But we continue to stay focused on our opportunity.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, let me comment on that. So yes, to Daves point, we have demonstrated for a number of years now the strength of the business model. And thats through ups and now, downs. And the right thing to do, what we will continue to have done and what we will continue to do is continue to strengthen our competitive advantages so that we continue to become stronger. One of the things or one of the competitive advantages as you know is our manufacturing technologies, specifically 300-millimeter. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are looking at the next tranche of capacity. So we are exploring options for our next 300-millimeter factory. And well likely make a decision within the next year or so. And this slowdown is not going to stop us from putting that in place. Now well do it smartly and the first thing that you have to do when building a factory, we can still buy a factory. But when we are building a factory, it would be to build the shell, the actual building, and then we can decide on equipment more incrementally beyond that. So to give you some things to think about on that front, our CapEx  as we do that, our CapEx will increase to about 6% of revenue. In fact, its already there. In the last trailing 12 months, we were at 6.6%. And then that is excluding the factory shell that I just talked about. So when we went on building a factory, it will be about 6% CapEx as a percent of revenue plus the shell and that shell will be $600 million to $700 million over a couple of years. So I want you, Vivek, to consider that and think about that. So that will be  thats how we are looking at it and how we are planning the next tranche of capacity. Do you have another question?
Vivek Arya: Yes, thanks for that information. The next question is on buybacks. You bought back $1.2 billion, right. Youve been very active in buybacks. So with the trailing 12 months, you still have, I believe you said $18.2 billion left. The stock is down 25% from its highs. Is it fair to assume that you can be more aggressive on buyback to take advantage of the stock price? Or in general, how do you think about when to be more aggressive with your buybacks? Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. First, let me take a step back, what is the objective here? And the objective was to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. So the last 12 months, we generated $5.9 billion of free cash flow. And then we returned $6. 2 billion. So weve returned virtually the same thing that we have generated. So thats consistent with what weve done for a number of years. And we will continue to do that. Can we, on the margin, do a little bit more here and there? We could and  but the big picture is that we would return all free cash flow to the owners of the company.
David Pahl: Okay, thank you very much. And I think we have time for one more caller.
Operator: Thank you. Well go to Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg: Yes, thank you. And congratulations on that Analog operating margins, thats pretty impressive. First question, your SG&A was down quite a bit sequentially. Its now below 10%. Is that going to be sort of the rate that we should consider going forward? And does that kind of already incorporate you managing the OpEx a bit more conservatively?
Rafael Lizardi: What I would tell you, we think of OpEx in general, not just SG&A, but OpEx and SG&A and R&D as investments. Not everything there, but certainly, all of R&D is an investment and part of SG&A  thats part of SG&A. And that is to drive growth in revenue and free cash flow over the long-term. And thats how we view that. We suggest you also look at it that way and then its easier to then look at it on a trailing 12-month basis. It gets some of the quarter-to-quarter transitions out of the way. That can be a little noisy. So on that basis, OpEx is up about 2% versus the same time period last quarter  or last year, Im sorry. And that is a good expectation of how that number should trail. The other thing that I would point to is that SG&A in particular in third quarter was down in part because of our CEO transition. Do you have a follow-up?
Tore Svanberg: Yes, Rafael, thats very helpful. My follow-up is on inventory days. So I completely get it and I understand the new consignment plan. But how high are you willing to let the inventory days go given the structural change?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I dont want to get into specifics. But Ill frame it this way. One, as I said, it will likely go above the range. So right now, the range is 115 to 145. So it will likely go above 145. We think like owners. So to me, to us, that is a use of cash, right? So I feel compelled to use that cash for inventory because I think its a good return on that investment because its going to help us on the other side of our recovery. And as I said, its a very low obsolescence type of inventory. But we wouldnt keep it at those levels indefinitely. If its a long lasting slowdown, then we would take additional measures to modulate that inventory, bring it back within the range at some point in the future.
David Pahl: Okay. Thank you very much, Tore. We appreciate all of you joining us tonight. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good night.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, again, that does concludes todays conference. Thank you, all again for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Pahl  Head-Investor Relations and Vice President Rafael Lizardi  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Pitzer  Credit Suisse Timothy Arcuri  UBS Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Amit Daryanani  RBC Capital Markets Harlan Sur  JP Morgan Vivek Arya  Bank of America Stacy Rasgon  Bernstein Research Joe Moore  Morgan Stanley
Operator: Please standby. Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
David Pahl: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining our second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will also be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. You likely saw last week we announced that Rich Templeton had resumed the roles of President and CEO along with his current role as Chairman. Rich has successfully led TI for the past 14 years, and under his continuing leadership we look forward to making TI even stronger and better. I've met with Rich several times over the last couple of weeks and I can tell you he's excited to be back. He'll be attending several conferences in the near future and will be meeting with investors over the next few months. As you might imagine, he's fully engaged and busy doing what he does best, and that's executing our strategy, strengthening our competitive advantages, and running our operations with laser focus. Turning to this quarter's results, I'll start with a quick summary. Revenue for the second quarter increased 9% from a year ago as demand for our products remained strong in the industrial and automotive markets. In our core businesses, Analog revenue grew 12% and Embedded Processing revenue grew 9% compared to the same quarter a year ago. Operating margins increased in both businesses. Earnings per share were $1.40, including a $0.03 discrete tax benefit not in our original guidance. With that backdrop I'll provide some details on our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of our business model. In the second quarter, our cash flow from operations was $1.8 billion. We believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long-term. Free cash flow for the trailing twelve-month period was $5.7 billion, up 42% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin for the same period was 36.6% of revenue. We continue to benefit from the quality of our product portfolio that's long lived and diverse and the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300-millimeter Analog output. We believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it's productively invested in the business or returned to owners. For the trailing twelve-month period, we returned $5.6 billion of cash to owners through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. Our commitment to return all of our free cash flow to owners remains unchanged. Ill now provide some details by segment. From a year ago quarter, analog revenue grew 12% due to Power and Signal Chain [ph]. High volume declined. Embedded Processing revenue increased 9% from the year-ago quarter due to about equal growth in both processors and connected microcontrollers. In our Other segment, revenue declined 7% from a year ago primarily due to custom ASIC. Now Ill provide some insight into this quarter's revenue performance by end market versus a year ago. Industrial and automotive demand remained strong due to broad based growth. We continue to be pleased with our investments, which are directed across fourteen sectors in industrial and five sectors in automotive and continue to deliver broad based and diverse revenue growth. Personal electronics grew low-single digits with increases across several sectors and customers. These increases were offset by declines at some customers. Communication equipment declined from a year ago and declined low-to -mid single-digit sequentially. And lastly, enterprise systems grew. In summary, we continue to focus our strategy on the industrial and automotive markets where we've been allocating our capital and driving initiatives to strengthen our position. This is based on a belief that industrial and automotive will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets. They have increasing semiconductor content and these markets provide diversity and longevity. All of this translates to a high terminal value of our portfolio. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management, and our outlook. Rafael?
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.62 billion or 65.2% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit increased primarily due to higher revenue. Gross profit margin increased 90 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $825 million, a 2% increase from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing twelve-month basis, operating expenses were 20.6% of revenue within our range of expectations. Over the last twelve months, we have invested $1.53 billion in R&D. We are pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D that allows us to continue to grow our top-line and gain market share. Acquisition charges and noncash expense were $79 million. Acquisition charges will be about $80 million per quarter through the third quarter of 2019 then declined to about $50 million per quarter for two remaining years. Operating profit was $1.71 billion or 42.6% of revenue. Operating profit was up 16% from the year ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 47% up from 44.7% a year ago. And for Embedded Processing, it was 35.4% up from 31.2% a year ago. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions enabled both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth. Net income in the second quarter was $1.41 billion or $1.40 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.83 billion in the quarter. It increased $909 million from the year-ago quarter, primarily due to a lower tax rate as well as higher revenue, which includes more 300-millimeter analog revenue. Capital expenditures were $249 million in the quarter. Free cash flow was $5.73 billion on a trailing twelve-month basis, up 42% from a year ago. In the second quarter, we paid $606 million in dividends, and repurchased $1.02 billion of our own stock for a total return of $1.62 billion in the second quarter. We have returned $5.6 billion to owners in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return to owners all of our free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 41% of free cash flow underscoring their sustainability. Our balance sheet remained strong with $5.13 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the second quarter. In the quarter, we retired $0.5 billion of debt as it became due andraised $1.5 billion of 30 year debt with a coupon of 4.15%. We currently have total debt of $5.1 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.77%. Inventory days were 135, up 2 days from a year ago and within our expected range. We continue to believe there is strategic value in owning and controlling our inventory. Turning to our outlook for the third quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $4.11 billion to $4.45 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.41 to $1.63, which includes an estimated $10 million discrete tax benefit. We continue to expect our ongoing annual operating tax rate to be about 20% in 2018 and 16% starting in 2019. Just as a reminder, the higher tax rate this year is due to non-cash charges. More details of our expectations for taxes can be found on our website under Financial Summary Data. In closing, I will know that the strength of our business model was demonstrated throughout our financial performance over the last few years from top-line growth and margin expansion to free cash flow generation. We continue to invest in our comparative advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, portfolio breadth, market reach and diverse and long-lived products. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best products, Analog and Embedded Processing, and the best markets, industrial and automotive, which I believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth for a long time to come. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
David Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, we can now open up the lines for questions in order to provide as many of you possible the opportunity to ask your question please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, well provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Thank you, guys. Congratulations on the solid results. So, David, my first question is just on the high volume analog segment. I think in your prepared comments, you had mentioned thats declined year-over-year in the June quarter. Im kind of curious to what extent was that by choice as you pruned the portfolio, to what extent do you think that that's just a handset phenomenon as it builds last year for product cycles more robust than this year? And to what extent do you feel that might be a leading indicator for maybe some excess in the cycle?
David Pahl: Yeah, John, thanks for asking that question. I think what we're seeing there is a result of how we've been allocating our resources in R&D. And if you remember back in February in our Capital Management Calls, we went through that. We've got a pretty disciplined process. And essentially, what we're trying to do is steer more money to long-lived revenue opportunities where we've got some level of differentiation and we'll have that for some time. So, you know, I think when you look at the results overall, revenue grew 12% year-over-year. Thats inclusive of what happened inside of high volume. And again, I think that that's a result of allocating resources to the best sustainable opportunities. If you drop down into there in the prepared comments, obviously industrial and automotive continue to do well. Inside of HVAL, you would see that industrial and automotive did well as well. It just doesn't make up as much of a percentage of that revenue. So anyway we're pleased with that outcome and not surprised by it. Do you have a follow-on, John?
John Pitzer: Yeah, and then Rafael as my follow-on, I know it's probably better to look at the business trends on a year-over-year basis rather than sequential and on a year-over-year you showed really good operating margin leverage in the embedded business. But sequentially it was flat on op revenue and there's still that gap between embedded op margins and analog op margins. How do you think about the leverage in the embedded market from here? And will we ever close that gap between embedded and analog?
Rafael Lizardi: So, let me step back and take you back to our capital management strategy and some of the things that we say there and how we think about driving value for owners of the company. And to us, it all comes down to growing free cash flow per share. So it's not operating margins, its not gross margin, it's not analog versus embedded, it's all about growing free cash flow per share. Both of those businesses are and we expect to continue to be contributors to that free cash flow per share. So the focus is growing the top-line. As we continue to invest in what we think are the best markets, the industrial and automotive, and in the case of analog as we continue to expand our 300-millimeter footprint where we have a structural cost advantage.
David Pahl: Okay, now well go to the next caller please.
Operator: And we have Timothy Arcuri from UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you very much. I had a question on the guidance. The June numbers were a little bit below seasonal and I know that seasonal is hard to really figure out what's actually normal. But that was kind of coming off more difficult Q1 comps. But if I look at the September quarter guidance, it's a few hundred basis points below seasonal and it's up like 300 basis points year-over-year, which is you know the lowest in a couple of years. Is there any element of more difficult comps or is there in fact some kind of channel inventory headwinds? Thank you.
David Pahl: Yeah, Tim, I just say that when we put together our guidance, the two strongest signals that we see are orders that we get from customers as well as the demand fees that we get through our consignment programs. And I would just say that if there is something specific to call out as we have in the past, if there was a specific customer or specific end market or something like that that was changing, we would let you know about that. And as example lead times remain stable, cancellations remain low, reschedules remain low. We look at inventory and the channels and that remained steady at about four weeks. So we really don't see any changes from that standpoint. And the other thing as you pointed out when you look at a couple of data points, it's hard to describe what is exactly seasonal. And so if you look over the last five years, we've had a 9% sequential growth. Three of those five years has been at 6%. And if you look over a ten year period, it's 7%. So certainly our guidance from a seasonal standpoint is certainly within the range of things that we've seen in the past. Do you have a follow on?
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks and then I guess just as a quick follow on. Dave, can you give what orders and book to bill were?
David Pahl: I can give that. Let me just find it. Yeah, so orders, book to bill  orders were up 10% sequentially, book to bill was 1.06. I'll point out it was 1.06 a year ago and 1.03 last quarter. I always feel the need to comment on book to bill with about 60% of our revenue going through consignment programs where we don't get any orders in advance of pull from that demand. So the book to bill isn't as strong of a signal or is at least as clear of a signal as what it used to be in the past. So thank you, Tim. And we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: And we'll take our next caller from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hey, guys.
David Pahl: Hi, Ross.
Ross Seymore: Let me ask you a question. Dave, just want to ask about from  not necessarily a cyclical point of view, but from a macro point of view. With all the discussion of trade wars, tariffs, et cetera, I know you haven't called out seeing anything further, your answer to the last question, but just how does TI in general think about that dynamic as potentially impacting your business? And are you, in fact, seeing any impact as of yet?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, Ross, I will go ahead and take that. First, let me take TI's long-term support of free trade and strong IP protection. And those are both important to TI and the broader ST industry. So we continue  we feel that way. We have stated, we had been in that position for a long time and we continue to do that and advocate that. Specifically on the tariffs that have been announced on integrated circuits, those are still subject to public comment through the end of July, so those are not in place yet. If  once they go into effect or if they go into effect, remember, they will apply to goods that are deemed of Chinese origin that are then imported into the United States. For TI, only about 13% of our revenue is imported into the United States. In other words, 87% of our revenue is exports, so not subject to U.S. tariffs. And that 13%, only a sliver of that has Chinese origin as a  would be deemed as Chinese origin. So bottom line, only about 1% of our revenue would have those tariffs applied to it. And that's before we make any potential  any adjustments, supply chain and other things that we could do to even minimize that impact further. So at the end of the day, we don't see a major event or any direct impact other than some minimal impact. Now, that's not to say that at a macro level, that could have an impact, but that's a very macro comment that goes beyond TI and beyond the semiconductor industry that free trade  anything against free trade between the two largest economies in the world, that could eventually have a macro effect that would be detrimental to everybody.
David Pahl: Do you have follow on, Ross?
Ross Seymore: Yeah, I do. Just switching back to your product segments, it seemed like Analog sequentially was pretty much in line what we've seen for the last few years, but Embedded was lower and Other was much higher than what we've seen. And I know you guys think of things year-over-year, but if we look at it sequentially, is there any reasons behind the Embedded being lower and the Other being so much higher?
David Pahl: Yeah, I think if you look at Embedded, it has a higher percentage of comms equipment. So it was impacted by that. And then in Other, don't forget that we've got strong seasonality in second and third quarter. So, thank you, Ross, for those questions. And we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: We have our next question from Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. I guess, two questions for me as well. Maybe first off, could you quantify the revenue impact you had from  not your word, mine  but product rationalization or product optimization that you guys went through in the June quarter? And does that revenue headwind, if you may, flow into the September quarter as well to some degree?
David Pahl: Amit, can you clarify what you mean by product rationalization?
Amit Daryanani: Yes. I think, Dave, when you talked about the consumer-centric markets, you talked about how some of the revenue declines there were driven by the fact that you just decided not to participate in some of these markets, a reflection of how your R&D budgets are tracked over time. Is that fair? And if so, I guess, how much was that revenue impact driven by?
David Pahl: Well, I think, if you look and we shared this back in February on our Capital Management Call. As we looked at allocating resources across end markets and specifically in personal electronics, when you compare our spend there versus five and ten years ago, it's lower. Now, it's not zero. There's still good opportunities that we find inside of personal electronics and continue to invest. We're just looking for sustainable growth opportunities inside of that space. So that's really what we're talking about. So again, I think the first question came in specifically about one of the businesses inside of our Analog segment. I think you have to judge the efficiency of our capital allocation by the total results. And that, we're quite pleased with. So does that help to answer your question?
Amit Daryanani: No, that's helpful. And I guess, if I could just follow-up, you guys have had multiple quarters of gross margin expansion, very consistent on a year-over-year basis. As you think about the back half of 2018, can you maybe talk about what are the levers that could enable gross margins to continue to expand from here? And do you feel comfortable that gross margin should expand in the back half?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, Ill go ahead and take that Amit. As we have talked about in Capital Management and in other settings, our focus for value creation for the owners of the company is free cash flow per share. It's not gross margin. It's not operating margin. It's dollars of free cash flow per share. So the opportunity for expanding that and continuing to grow that are simple. It's the top line as we continue to invest in the best products and the best markets and the best markets because that's where the semiconductor content is expanding and we continue to gain share there. And then, 300-millimeter. We have talked about that for a number of years. As of last year, about $4 billion of our revenue went through 300-millimeter, four out of ten in the Analog space. So that leaves a lot of room for continued expansion on 300-millimeter and continuing to grow that free cash flow per share.
David Pahl: Okay, thank you, Amit. And we will go the next caller please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Harlan Sur from JP Morgan.
Harlan Sur: Yes, good afternoon. Solid job on the quarterly execution and strong free cash flow generation. Your focused markets, automotive, you've got 5 subsegments. Industrial, you've got 14 subsegments. Can you guys just give us a sense on the breadth of the year-over-year growth in these markets? Were a majority of these subsegments up year-over-year? Any color here would be helpful.
David Pahl: Yeah, Harlan, when you look at that growth, we're really pleased with it. Its very broad based. And when you look at all of the sectors, out of the 19 combined that we had, 18 of them actually grew. So its very broad-based. I think when you look across different products, different investments and we look at our design-ins in our pipeline, that  those continue to be very broad-based. So that gives us confidence in the sustainability of that growth. And of course, it doesn't mean that we won't see cyclical headwinds at some point. But when you look at it from a five and ten year standpoint, we feel really good about the progress that we have made. Do you have follow-on, Harlan?
Harlan Sur: Yeah, thanks for the insights there. And so kind of to follow-up on that maybe from a geographical perspective, right? I think last quarter, all regions  and I know this is ship to, right? This is ship to data, but still, nevertheless important, but last quarter I think all regions were up except for Japan. What did you see this quarter?
David Pahl: That is the same story. And my friends in Japan, I've talked to them a couple of times. They're  give them a shout-out to them that the revenue is down, but when you look at  we've got some reporting tools that allow us to look through what we call channel independent reporting. And as you mentioned, it's a ship to. So they're continuing to make progress with the customers there. Just a lot of that revenue ends up shipping either somewhere in Asia or it ships in Europe or in the U.S. even though it's designed in there. So  but the actual measurement that we have is the shipping label on the box. So unfortunately, they're still called out on the conference call, which I know they're not happy about. So thank you, Harlan. And we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: And we will take our next question from bank of Vivek Arya from Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the good execution. For the first one, your CapEx is now  I think it was over 6% in Q2, I think, trailing four quarters, it's 5.5%. Depreciation is now below CapEx. So where are all these incremental investments going? And what is the right long-term model we should assume for CapEx and depreciation?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, let me take that. First let me step back to remind you what the objective is, right, for CapEx. It's to invest to support new technology development and revenue growth and specifically to extend our low-cost manufacturing advantage, including 300-millimeter, which maximizes our opportunity to grow free cash flow per share for the long-term. So the percent of revenue is an interesting metric to have in mind, but the real driver is that long-term growth of free cash flow per share. So we have been  and in periods of sustained strong demand, that CapEx tends to go up and that's part of what you're seeing. That CapEx is going to  is going primarily to support 300-millimeter. There are other things. There's assembly test. There's even other factories where we invest some of that CapEx, but predominantly, it's to continue to expand that footprint of 300-millimeter within our fab and building cost at the existing factories. Before you go to the next question, I want to go ahead and make a point on free cash flow on our free cash flow growth. In the trailing 12 months, free cash flow grew $1.7 billion from about $4 billion to $5.7 billion, a 42% increase. So what would that drew  what drove that? First and foremost, our profit before tax grew about $1 billion in that comparison. So that is higher revenue, more revenue driven by industrial and automotive, which, again, drove the majority of the revenue growth; and more 300-millimeter, which, to the question earlier, that continues to help with the expansion of free cash flow. And then second and obviously, tax reform. So in the United States, we had a  we have tax reform and, as we have talked about, that did lower our tax rate in 2018 versus the previous year in a significant way. Additionally, we had about $200 million of year-to-date of one-time tax related benefits that are also associated with tax reform. So that also played a factor in that comparison.
David Pahl: Okay, so with that Vivek do you have a follow-up?
Vivek Arya: Yeah, thanks, Dave. Beyond just the trade issue, I know there has been talk of shortages of passive components. I know you guys don't supply that, but your other peers do. But have you seen your customers behave in a different way, stock up, stock down on various things that might impact your trajectory just because your customers might be short of other components to help complete their systems?
David Pahl: Yeah, Vivek, I think one-thing that we have spend a lot of time trying to do and remain focused on is keeping lead time stable. And for the vast majority of our products, they continue to remain stable. And that doesn't mean that we don't have hotspots and, of course, we'll work with customers to close those gaps as aggressively as we can. And the other important metric that we look in inside of that is on-time shipping performance. So you've got a stated lead time and if you're not shipping inside of that, customers tend to get nervous. And that has continued to remain at very, very high levels. So we can't see any bottlenecks from customers not being able to get product from other places that shows up in the order book specifically. Could it be there? It certainly could be, but it's not something that we would have visibility into. So I think if we just remain focused on what we can control, which is the lead times and shipping performance, customers can have confidence in getting product from us. Okay, we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. My first one is ask about the near-term OpEx trajectory. Normally in Q3, you'd probably be down a little bit sequentially. Is there any drivers or anything that could be going on that would make things into this Q3 different than what we might ordinarily have seen given, I guess, some of the historical trends that we've seen leading into this?
Rafael Lizardi: So, Stacy, as you know, we give revenue guidance and EPS guidance and stop it at that unless there were any unusual trends and if so  right between the lines, and if so, we would point that out. We're not pointing that out because there's nothing unusual. So you should expect just our usual trends within reasonable ranges.
David Pahl: Do you have follow-on, Stacy?
Stacy Rasgon: I do, thank you. Theres earlier question on CapEx. And we know it's elevated now because you guys are out looking for other assets. At the same time, obviously, as you continue to grow, you're filling out 300-millimeter and that's a margin benefit. Do you think, over time, the benefit from increasing penetration of 300-millimeter more than offsets the depreciation expense on your gross margins?
Rafael Lizardi: Well, so the way I like to look at this is from a cash standpoint. So I think of that investment as cash flowing out, the first cell on your spreadsheet, and then after that is return. I don't think about it for those purposes from a depreciation standpoint. So as we continue to invest on 300, we think that is  those are very good, long-term investments that will last for a long time. Any time we put any of these tools in place and the cash fall-through on those investments is pretty high.
David Pahl: Okay, thank you very much, Stacy. And I think we have time for one more caller.
Operator: And we have one more question from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you. You said that some of your personal electronics markets were up and some were down. Can you give me a bit more color on which? And I know smartphones, in particular, I think grew in Q1 as smartphones continue to grow into Q2? Thanks.
David Pahl: Yeah, Joe, I wont go into that level of detail. We did want to give some color on what was going on inside of personal electronics that we see  we saw multiple sectors growing inside of there. We had some customers that were growing, but also wanted to point out not all customers were growing. So that's what we saw. I think what that illustrates is the power of having a diverse product portfolio and being able to sell to multiple customers. And kind of to my point earlier, we look at the opportunity inside of personal electronics. Longer term, we don't see that as a significant growth engine for us, but it is a place that we continue to invest and we really believe the majority of the growth is really going to come from industrial and automotive. So incrementally, as we've taken up our spend, we've moved it more into those growth areas. So  but again, we're going to have handsets and PCs and those other things for decades to come. So we just find good opportunities inside of there and want to continue to invest in them. Do you have follow-on, Joe?
Joe Moore: Yeah, thanks for the color there. In terms of longer-term question on communication infrastructure, obviously, it's been soft for everyone in the last few quarters. How do you think about the 5G opportunity? I think the comment that you've made just now and repeatedly that the investment areas are industrial and automotive. Do you think there's an opportunity around 5G that you need to invest in? And just to help us understand how that will affect TI.
David Pahl: Sure, yeah, so I think again I would refer back to our capital management presentation as we walked through that thinking remains consistent with that. So from a comms equipment standpoint, I would say that our investments have shifted over time. If you look at the 5G standards and the things needed to support the new things, new frequencies being added, things like the massive MIMO, antennas that are going in for beamforming and other things like that, that is all complexity that you find in the radio itself. And for us, that translates into Analog products to be able to support that. So our spend in Analog is up for supporting that 5G transition. It has been for some time when we look at our spend versus, say, 5 and 10 years ago. But at the same time, that same change in standards and mix really doesn't impact the digital side. So our spend actually is down on that. So again, I'd describe our growth primarily coming from industrial and automotive as we look over the next decade. So that's where we've tried to increase spending, but we will shift spending around to take advantage of things like 5G. And I'd just say that, in general, very confident in our position. And we've got  we're building off of a great position inside of 4G as well. So we're very pleased with those investments.
Rafael Lizardi: So, that was the last call?
David Pahl: Correct.
A - Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, so before we close, I just want to make a point because it wasn't asked, but our results, among other things, demonstrate our continued discipline and execution on capital management strategy. We generated on a trailing 12-month basis $5.7 billion of free cash flow and we would return $5.6 billion of free cash flow in that timeframe. So virtually, all free cash flow generated was returned to the owners of the company. That was both through dividends and buybacks. In the case of dividends, on that comparison, it was 41% of free cash flow. So right between 40% and 60% guidance, but clearly towards the lower end, so I'd just underscore the sustainability of those dividends.
David Pahl: Okay, thank you, Rafael and thank you all for joining us. A replay of this call will be available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Dave Pahl - VP & Head of IR Rafael Lizardi - CFO
Analysts: Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Chris Danley - Citigroup Blayne Curtis - Barclays Ambrish Srivastava - Bank of Montreal Chris Caso - Raymond James Romit Shah - Nomura Instinet
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments First Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will also be available through the website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. I'll start with a quick summary of our financial results. Revenue for the first quarter increased 11% from a year ago as demand for our products remained strong in the industrial and automotive markets. In our core businesses, Analog revenue grew 14% and Embedded Processing revenue grew 15% compared with the same quarter a year ago. Operating margin increased in both businesses. Earnings per share were $1.35, including $0.14 in tax-related benefits not in our original guidance. These were primarily due to the recent tax reform law. With that backdrop, I'll provide details on our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of our business model. In the first quarter, our cash flow from operations was $1.1 billion. We believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-month period was $4.9 billion, up 17% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin for the same period was 32.1% of revenue, up from 30.7% a year ago. We continue to benefit from the quality of our product portfolio that is long-lived and diverse, and the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300 millimeter Analog output. We believe that free cash flow will be valued if it is productively invested in the business or returned to owners. For the trailing 12-month period, we returned $5.1 billion of cash to owners through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. I'll now provide some details by segment. From a year-ago quarter, Analog revenue grew 14% due to Power and Signal Chain. High Volume was about even. Embedded Processing revenue increased by 15% from a year-ago quarter due to growth in both Processors and Connected Microcontrollers. In our Other segment, revenue declined 13% from a year ago primarily due to Custom ASIC products. Now, I'll provide some insight into this quarter's revenue performance by end market versus a year ago. Industrial demand remained strong with broad-based growth. Automotive demand remained strong, with all sectors contributing to growth. Personal electronics grew, with increases across several sectors and customers. Communications equipment declined, but was about even compared with the fourth quarter. And lastly, enterprise systems grew. As we get more insight into and guidelines on the tax reform law, we have updated our tax estimates. First, we now expect a 16% ongoing annual operating tax rate starting in 2019, down from our prior expectation of 18%. Second, for 2018, investors should now assume a 20% annual operating tax rate, down from our prior expectation of 23%. The 2018 rate is higher than the 2019 rate due to a transitional non-cash expense in 2018. As a reminder, our operating tax rate does not include any discrete tax items. To get you to an effective tax rate by quarter, for the balance of the year, we continue to expect the benefit from stock-based compensation to be about $10 million in the second and third quarters, and about $5 million in the fourth quarter. Therefore, the effective tax rate will be about 20% in each of the remaining quarters of 2018. You will find this information summarized on our IR website under financial summary data as we have done in the past. And then lastly, in the first quarter of 2018, we had about $140 million of tax benefits that were not in our original guidance. These include $50 million due to stock-based compensation, $50 million due to the updated estimates related to the tax reform law, and $40 million primarily due to the previously described decrease in the tax rate for 2018. In summary, we continue to focus our strategy on the industrial and automotive markets, where we have been allocating our capital and driving initiatives to strengthen our position. This is based on a belief that industrial and automotive will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets. They have increasing semiconductor content. These markets also provide diversity and longevity. All of this translates to a high terminal value of our portfolio. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.45 billion, or 64.6% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit increased due to higher revenue and lower manufacturing costs. Gross profit margin increased 160 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $818 million, a 1% increase from a year ago and about as expected. R&D grew 4 % and SG&A was about even. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 20.9% of revenue, within our range of expectations. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.52 billion in R&D. We are pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D that allows us to continue to grow our top line and gain market share. Acquisition charges, a non-cash expense, were $80 million. Acquisition charges will be about $80 million per quarter through the third quarter of 2019, then decline to about $50 million per quarter for two remaining years. Operating profit was $1.55 billion, or 40.9% of revenue. Operating profit was up 24% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 45.4%, up from 41.4% a year ago, and for Embedded Processing was 35.4%, up from 29.9% a year ago. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions enable both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth. Net income in the first quarter was $1.37 billion, or $1.35 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.11 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $189 million in the quarter. Free cash flow was $4.92 billion on a trailing 12 month basis, up 17% from a year ago. In the first quarter, we paid $611 million in dividends and repurchased $873 million of our own stock for a total return of $1.48 billion in the first quarter. We have returned $5.1 billion to owners in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return to owners all of our free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 45% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $4.1 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the first quarter. Total debt is also $4.1 billion with a weighted average coupon rate of 2.05%. Inventory days were 136, up 4 days from a year ago and within our expected range. Turning to our outlook for the second quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.78 billion to $4.10 billion, and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.19 to $1.39, which includes an estimated $10 million discrete tax benefit. In closing, I'll note that the strength of our business model was demonstrated throughout our financial performance over the last few years, from top-line growth and margin expansion to free cash flow generation. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, portfolio breadth, market reach, and diverse and long-lived products. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best products Analog and Embedded Processing and the best markets industrial and automotive, which I believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth for a long time to come. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks Rafael, operator, you can open up the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for additional follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the strong results and consistent execution. For my first question, since you guys have such a wide perspective on the global economy, I was wondering if you could give us a sense on what you are seeing versus for example what you might have thought at the start of the year. Are you noticing any areas of slow down or pause or anything because your Q1 results are very strong, Q2 is above consensus expectations perhaps sequentially it's not what it has been in the past. So just broadly what you're seeing in the economy versus what you thought three months ago?
Rafael Lizardi: Let me -- I will start with that and then Dave, you want to chime in on that. But I will tell you from a global standpoint, but we're seeing a very continued -- that the macro economy continues to be constructive although uncertainties have been introduced clearly with the -- in the geopolitical area. With everything going on that we read in the news. Now it's too soon is that -- what that impact is going to be on the macro level. From what's important though on a year -- from a year ago basis we continue to see strength in industrial and automotive, as Dave highlighted in his prepared remarks. Personal electronics grew across several sectors and while communications equipment declined, it was [above reasonable] sequentially. Dave.
Dave Pahl: I think Vivek when you look at the quarter with revenue increasing 11%, the demand continuing to remain strong in both industrial and automotive and I just described that demand is continuing to be very broad-based. So I think that speaks to you. One of our competitive advantages which is diversity and longevity of products, so we're certainly benefiting from that today. Do you have a follow on, Vivek?
Vivek Arya: CapEx its up 42% on a trailing 12 month basis running ahead of revenue growth that's closer to 5% or 6% up there versus the 4% target. I'm curious why is CapEx growing so much faster when you're only 50% utilized in your 300 millimeter factory? I mean should we look at growing CapEx as a sign of confidence in demand or at what point should we be worried that maybe you are going to buy too much inventory?
Rafael Lizardi: I will give you a few -- a few things on that. First most importantly let's step back and think about what is the purpose of CapEx. We talked about this during our capital management strategy a couple of months ago. In CapEx our objective there is to support technology development and revenue growth. We want to expand our low cost manufacturing advantage specially to the 300 millimeter where the only analog company with its own 300 millimeter factory and what that does at the end of the day is allow us to maximize long-term free cash flow per share growth. So that's what the ultimate objective is. The CapEx percent of revenue that's just a general guide that we gave. And on that our sense is that 4% that could vary depending on what's going on in the marketplace, because of very strong demand, when we are expanding capacity, that could run off. And right now on a trailing 12 months basis 4.9%. But of course the reason that would run off is that we see opportunities to continue expanding our technology development and our low cost manufacturing advantage so that ultimately we drive long-term growth of our free cash flow per share.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, for that and we can go to the next caller please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: First I wanted to ask about OpEx, in Q1 it was -- it grew but probably a little less than with ordinarily be typical sequentially. Were there any specific drivers to that maybe push out of spend maybe into Q2 and I guess along those lines Q2 OpEx would usually up a little bit? Any change that we should expect from what will be typical there?
Rafael Lizardi: On OpEx on first quarter, it came in about as expected and we continue to be pleased with how we are allocating capital to OpEx in general, specifically to our R&D as it continues to drive growth in the top line and we continue to gain market share. On the subsequent quarter as you know, we gave a range on revenue and EPS we don't give in between the lines. If there was something unusual going on we would point that out, we are not pointing out because there is nothing unusual going on in between those lines.
Dave Pahl: You have a follow-on Stacy?
Stacy Rasgon: I wanted to ask about the [Technical Difficulty] grew year-over-year. I was also surprised just given what we've heard from other players in that space right now. Could you give us a little more color, I think you said like in certain segments could you give us a little more color about what's actually going on under the covers in personal electronics? And I guess, whether or not you see the current trends actually extending into next quarter given what is going on in the supply chain?
Rafael Lizardi: Let me talk about this quarter that we are reporting and wait for second quarter results to go through the details there. We described that we saw growth across several sectors and several customers, so you know that we tried to point out there it is not just the insets that are growing there are other things are growing inside of that. And I will describe the growth as somewhere in the mid to single-digit. So good growth, especially for a sector like personal electronics. Long-term of course, we think that we will see auto and industrial driver business that where we've been allocating increasingly our capital too. And that's just the belief that those will be the two areas that will drive growth not just for us but certainly in our industry overall.
Operator: Our next question will come from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: On inventory Dave I think Q1 inventory grew about 4% sequentially. I think days inventory grew a little bit as well. Can you describe how you guys see internal inventory today? And if you can comment on the channel, where you guys are seeing the channel that will be helpful as well?
Rafael Lizardi: I'll talk about internal inventory and then Dave will talk about channel inventory. But on inventory let me step back again and refer you to our long-term objective that we talked about at the capital management call. What do we want inventory for? The objective of our inventory is to maintain high levels of customer service, minimize obsolescence, improve our manufacturing asset utilization and we also see value in controlling that inventory, having more of it in our own product distribution centers, more in consignment, more in low-volume buffers. I talked about this at the capital management call as well as 90 days ago when we closed the last quarter and this topic came up. So we're very pleased where our inventory ended up. From a day space as it was 136 days, from a year ago that's up 4 days, sequentially is up 2 days and is well within our 115, 145 day inventory basement.
Dave Pahl: And Toshiya from a channel standpoint inventory remains at about 4 weeks and I will just as a reminder for those that are not familiar as Rafael pointed out there is -- we believe that there is value in owning and controlling our own inventory, and actual result is in the consignment program. So, about 65% of our distribution revenue is shipped through a consignment program, so that 4 weeks really represents maybe half to third of what many of our peers will run in the channel. So we feel that's a good level. That combined with the inventory positions that we have on our books. Do you have a follow on Toshiya?
Toshiya Hari: I do thank you. So on communications equipment specifically I think 3 months ago, you guys talked about the business being a little bit choppy and today I guess you told us that revenues were down year-over-year and flattish sequentially. At what point would you this expect this business to revert to growth, is that sort of in the second half of '18 given lower comps or do we need to wait longer for this business to start growing again?
Dave Pahl: Yeah so I won't try to predict what the back half of the growth for comms equipment will look like. As you mentioned and you have been following the industry long enough you know that factor is just choppy the way that operators place orders and the OEMs have to build inventories to respond to that. That doesn't make it a bad business. It is just the nature of it and there will be more communications equipment shift in the coming years. So we have got a great position today in 4G products. We will have a great position in 5G products and really any time trying to figure out when that mix will begin to shift and we will just enjoy the demand as it comes in. All right we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question will come from with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Why don't you just talk about what you're seeing, you mentioned channel inventory. If you can speak to your customer's inventory a little bit and I guess we've seen shortages of things outside of your space like passives and embedded memory and things like that. Is that causing any change to your customer's inventory behavior in your business either because they have inventory waiting for those things are in shortage or are they holding more of a buffer or is it sort of business as usual?
Dave Pahl: I would say that we got no indications of inventories growing or double orders for that matter, which history suggests also and very quickly pointing out that you never really see that ahead of time. So I think with that said I think it is always important to qualify what we can see. So we've got good visibility in the distribution inventories that I talked about earlier, good portion of that remains on consignment. So we will actually hold the inventory on our books. Our visibility in the customer inventories varies -- really it depends on whether we've got consignment or not. So with consignment OEMs we are carrying that inventory, on our books. And we are not seeing anything that I would describe as unusual signals things like expedites and things like that would suggest that there would be some other broader issue. Now our visibility inventory beyond our customer's manufacturing operations of course is very low. So our lead times remain stable. Of course, we always have hot spots, we work aggressively with customers to close and other metrics like cancellations, reschedules those also remain at very low levels. So those are the things that we can see and we can measure. And for a long time we will just try to keep doing what we have been doing which is with our manufacturing and internal inventory strategies we just stay focused on keeping those lead times stable. And more importantly delivery metrics very high, because that's ultimately what gives customers confidence that they can get support from us when they need it. You have follow on Joe?
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Danley with Citigroup.
Chris Danley: First question just a quick one. So sequentially revenue increased the gross margins were down a bit, can you comment on why that happened?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, when you look at gross margin fall through which kind of was embedding your question there, in any one sequential transition particularly when revenue was about flat is up 1% is difficult to do that analysis and make -- have anything meaningful come out of that. You probably want to look at it on a year-on-year basis and on that basis our gross margin, gross profit margin increased 160 basis points the fall through was about 78%. And that's along the lines of what we have guided all of you before that on a long-term basis that falls through that you should expect from our revenue gross should be between 70% to 75%.
Chris Danley: Yes, so my follow-up. You never said but the tax rate continues to go down. Can you just talk about your plans for this extra cash? Is it possible I know you usually raise the dividend sometime around August or September? Is it possible or feasible you could raise the dividend twice this year? Why not crank up the buyback a little bit more, I think you took your share count down by just a couple of million around that?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, let me step back and talk about cash return and how we think about that and then how we think about dividends and repurchases. From a cash return standpoint our objective to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. And we have been doing that for a number of years. In fact on a trailing 12 month basis we generated $4.9 billion of free cash flow and we have returned $5.1 billion of free cash flow. So we are doing that. Now obviously we do that in two ways, dividends or repurchases. From a dividend standpoint we want to provide sustainable and growing dividend. As of the end of last year we have been growing that dividend 24% on a compounded basis for the previous five years, and at the end of last year also on a trailing 12 month basis that's 45% of free cash flow. So that underscores the sustainability. On the repurchases, we just got done repurchasing $873 million of our own stock and our objective there is accretive capture of the future free cash for the long-term owners of the company. So we just resell our assumptions to extrapolate estimate what we think our free cash flow growth is going to be and then based on that we come up with different scenarios and valuation as well as the market prices below those scenarios, we buy back the stock and that's what you have seen us do for a numbers of years now and we will continue doing that.
Dave Pahl: Okay thank you. Chris, we will go to our next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Actually maybe I could just follow-up on the last question on gross margin, made on guide specifically in for June but just kind of similar question. Sequential growth in the June, what's the way to think about gross margin is there any segment to think about mix wise or such as to why the gross margin will be up?
Rafael Lizardi: I will just tell you of course for, whenever you in fact hear a specific projection on that we give the revenue range and an EPS range. But the bigger picture on that is that; a, we continue to drive revenue growth and that's the biggest contributor to free cash flow growth. And then in addition to that we continue on increasing our loadings on 300 millimeter, which has 40% cost advantage, that's one of our competitive advantages. We're the only Analog company with own 300 millimeter factory. So every time we build an incremental wafer on 300 millimeter we have better fall through on that. We have better free cash flow per share growth. So we will continue to do that for the foreseeable future and even beyond the current capacity of [those taxes].
Blayne Curtis: Just in the March quarter you saw a good strength in embedded and particularly processors wondering if you can just speak about that strength in terms of end market or particular product discussed will be helpful?
Dave Pahl: If you look at embedded overall and processors specifically they have a very high exposure to industrial and automotive. So that growth is really coming from very diverse places. It will -- connected microcontrollers also grew very nicely as well and again that includes our connectivity products there and they are doing quite well and we are encouraged because that growth is coming from diverse places which I think gives us confidence in the long-term ability of that portion of our business to continue to grow. Okay Thank you. Blayne we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ambrish Srivastava from Bank of Montreal.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thank you very much Dave, Rafael, I apologize if I had missed it. What were the orders for the quarter?
Dave Pahl: Our orders for the quarter were up about 11% year on year and that put our book to bill about 1.03 and whenever I give a book to bill I always try to remind everyone that we get about 60% of our revenues that go on consignment. So we don't carry backlog, we get orders running up to the quarter they all want -- they have the new revenue [cap-ins]. So always be cautious on both of those numbers. You have a follow on Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes I did and thanks for the color. Geo wise, was there any geos that stood out as stronger, weaker as you went through the quarter? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: So from a geo standpoint we had revenue up in three of the four regions from a year ago. So Asia was up followed by the U.S. and Europe, Japan is down. And a couple of comments, so first, I'll make the comments that that is measured by where we ship the product and not where it's consumed. So usually our regional shipments don't often reflect the broader macro in a particular region. And the second thing then I'll add is from a Japan standpoint we are seeing that companies in Japan are building products in other regions of the world. So as products get designed in Japan they actually may be produced in other regions, so I wouldn't look too much on that as well. Okay. Thank you Ambrish and we will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We will take a question from Chris Caso with Raymond James.
Chris Caso: Just a question on what you saw as perhaps better and worse in the quarter and it looks like the revenues came in a little better than you had expected? Can you talk about what was the driver of that?
Dave Pahl: Yes, Chris, so revenues came in within our expectations for the quarter. Certainly they are in the upper half of our expectations. And I'd just say that of course that was driven by industrial and automotive. And I just say that strength we saw very, very broadly. So there wasn't one specific thing that we point to. And I think again that highlights one of those competitive advantages of diversity in line with positions. That we can see that kind of strength and it comes through and shows up even on the top line. You have a follow-up?
Chris Caso: I do, thank you. And I guess that we've been in a situation where business conditions have been stable if not pretty good for a while. I know you guys have been doing this a while, whenever the things are good in semis we wonder how long it's going to last. Can you talk about perhaps what we're seeing now? What perhaps is different than what we have seen in past cycles? Are there things that TI is doing differently? Is there things within the industry that are different as compared to last cycles such that things would be more stable now?
Rafael Lizardi: What I'm going to point out for this question is that we are now a much larger company in terms of industrial and automotive. Our percent of revenue is as of the end of last year was 54%. You go back a few years ago, that number was sub 40%. And that provides inherent stability to our revenue because our revenue comes from many, many customers, many, many sectors within industrial and many -- in equipment. Now does that mean that we would be immune from a correction? I think a correction would short-term or in medium term would affect all those sectors but the important point is that longer-term this is the place where we want to be, because this is in both of those end markets automotive and industrial. That's where the company is growing. So, even if there is -- when there is a correction and we go through that the end point down the road 10, 15, 20 years from now still the same which is more and more content in those end markets.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Chris, and we've got time for one more caller operator.
Operator: We will take our next question from Romit Shah with Nomura Instinet.
Romit Shah: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Hey guys. So just following up on the last question, Rafael if I look at the five and 10 year averages for revenue growth, Q1 has been down low to mid single-digits, Q2 and Q3 have been up high singles and then Q4 has been kind down the most. Given your enhanced exposure to industrial and automotive, do you still think those averages are good guideposts for us as we forecast your business or do you think it's different now?
Dave Pahl: Romit I will take a shot at that. I think that when we look at seasonality, I would remind you that we still have a very nice calculator business that has a strong seasonal pattern with the back to school. So that along with the balance of the semiconductor business in the past has been stronger in the second and third quarters. So as you know for seasonality in general, that makes second and third quarters stronger than the first and fourth quarters. If you look at those sequential changes you will see that you can take an average of them but the lot of the last five or 10 years is a very, very wide range of numbers that are in there. So when we look at it, we just talk about seasonality in those two quarters. Do you have a follow on?
Romit Shah: Yes, thanks for that, just on R&D in the last several years in Q1, R&D has gone up by about 20 million to 25 million, this Q1 R&D was down 1 million. I know that in 2016 R&D grew faster than revenues and then it grew about in line with revenues in 2017. Just given what we've seen so far year-to-date is it reasonable to assume that we might see more R&D leverage this year versus the last couple of years?
Rafael Lizardi: We are pleased that we're allocating capital to R&D, even SG&A and CapEx and ultimately to drive a top line growth in market share. We do that based on long-term expectations on growth particularly industrial and automotive as I talked about earlier given how well our portfolio matches those markets. So we will continue to do that. And if we have opportunities to increase R&D because we have even better opportunities we will do that, if not we will keep it about where it is but we don't have any said percent increase or number to give you.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you Romit and with that we will wrap up the call. Thank you all for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Dave Pahl - VP & Head of IR Rafael Lizardi - CFO
Analysts: Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Chris Danely - Citigroup Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments Fourth Quarter 2017 and 2017 Yearend Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and 2017 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. First, let me provide some information that's important for your calendars. We plan to hold an update to our capital management strategy on February 06 at 10:00 AM Central Time. Similar to what we have done in the past, Rafael and I will provide insight into our strategy. You also likely saw that last week we announced that Brian Crutcher will become President and CEO on June 01 and that Rich Templeton will continue as our Chairman. I'm sure you'll join me in congratulating them both. Before I give you an overview of the fourth quarter results, I want to summarize the impact that December 2017 Tax Reform Act had. We applaud the reform to U.S. corporate law because it enables U.S. headquartered companies like TI to compete more effectively on a global basis. The new law recognizes and rewards companies for exporting and having manufacturing, R&D and intellectual property in the United States. Regarding the financial implications, there's three important points I'd like to point out. First, investors should assume an ongoing 18% annual operating tax rate starting in 2019. This rate comprehends the 21% statutory corporate rate and the benefit of exports and having manufacturing R&D and intellectual property in the U.S. This rate does not include an estimate for stock-based compensation impact, which we provide at the start of each year. Second, for 2018 investors should assume a 23% annual operating tax rate before stock-based compensation. This 23% rate comprehends the long-term rate of 18% that I just described plus five percentage points of transitional tax effect that must be expensed in 2018. These transitional tax effects are mostly non-cash. To get you to an effective rate by quarter, we're assuming about $55 million of stock-based compensation benefit for 2018 split quarterly with $30 million in the first quarter, $10 million in the second and third quarters and $5 million in the fourth. Therefore, the effective tax rate should be about 21% in the first quarter, 22% in the second and third and 23% in the fourth quarter of 2018. You'll find this information summarized on our IR website under Financial Summary Data as we've done in the past. Lastly, in the fourth quarter of 2017, our tax expense included approximately $800 million of expense that was primarily related to the recently passed Tax Reform Act. This included about $700 million for the tax on indefinitely reinvested earnings as well as about $60 million for a reduction in deferred tax assets. The charge on deferred tax asset is non-cash. The charge associated indefinitely reinvested earnings will impact cash flow and will be paid over eight years. We'll pay about $60 million in the first five years, $100 million in the sixth, $140 million in the seventh, $160 million in the eight year. This will have impact -- there is no impact to cash flow in the fourth quarter of 2017 because of these tax changes. Of course, our initial estimates of the financial impact on the Tax Reform Act could change as we refine our analysis and if any additional guidance on this new law becomes available. Our long-term investment strategy remains unchanged by tax reform. With more cash available on an ongoing basis, we'll continue to invest to grow our business, to strengthen our competitive advantages and return all free cash flow to our owners. Again, we believe the reform to U.S. corporate tax will enable U.S. headquartered companies like TI to compete more effectively on a global basis. Now I'll start with a quick summary of our financial results. Revenue for the fourth quarter increased 10% from a year ago as demand for our products remained strong in the automotive and industrial markets. Communications equipment declined, while personal electronics grew mid-single digits, but results varied by customer. In our core businesses, Analog revenue grew 11% and embedded processing grew 20% compared to the same quarter a year ago. Operating margins increased in both businesses. Earnings per share were $0.34 including $0.75 of tax-related expenses not in our original guidance, primarily due to the recently passed Tax Reform Act that I just discussed. With that backdrop, I'll now provide details on our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of our ongoing strength of our business model. In the fourth quarter, our cash flow from operations was $1.9 billion. We believe that free cash flow growth especially on a per-share basis is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long-term. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-month period was $4.7 billion up 14% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin for the same period was 31.2% of revenue, up from 30.5% a year ago. We continue to benefit from an improved product portfolio that's long-lived and diverse and the efficiencies of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300-millimeter Analog output. We believe free cash flow will be valued only if it's productively invested in the business or returned to owners. In 2017, we returned $4.7 billion of cash to owners through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. I'll now provide some details by segment. From a year ago quarter, Analog grew 11% due to power and signal chain. High volume declined. Embedded processing revenue grew 20% from a year ago quarter due to growth in both product lines, which are processors and connected microcontrollers. In our Other segment, revenue declined 16% from a year ago primarily due to custom ASIC and the move of royalties which began in the first quarter of 2017. For the year in total, Analog and Embedded, each grew about 16% on broad-based growth and combined are now 90% of TI's revenue. Let me describe our -- next our revenue by end market in 2017. Just as a reminder, we provide an estimate of TI's revenue by end market on an annual basis. We break this into six categories; industrial, automotive, personal electronics and that'll include things like mobile phones, PC, tablets and TVs, comps equipment, enterprise systems and everything else which is primarily calculators. Notably, every market contributed to growth in 2017. Specifically, industrial comprised 35% of our revenue, up two percentage points from 2016. Automotive was 19% up one point. Personal electronics was 25%, down one point. Comps equipment and other were 12% and 3% respectively, down a percentage point, while enterprise systems was about 6% in both years. Also, we did not have a customer who was more than 10% of our revenue in 2017. We continue to focus on our strategy on industrial and automotive markets where we've been allocating capital and driving initiatives to strengthen our position. This is based on a belief that industrial and automotive will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets. They have increasing semiconductor content and these markets provide diversity and longevity. Taken together, this all translates to a high terminal value of our portfolio. In 2017, industrial and automotive combined made up 54% of TI's revenue up from 42% just four years ago. We've established momentum in these markets and we are far from satisfied and continue to make improvements. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave and good afternoon, everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.44 billion or 65.1% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit increased due to higher revenue and lower manufacturing cost. Gross profit margin increased by 250 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $795 million. Operating expenses on a trailing 12-month basis were up 3% and were 21.4% of revenue, within our range of expectations. For the year, we have invested $1.51 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. Acquisition charges were $79 million, all of which was the ongoing amortization of intangibles, which is a non-cash expense. Acquisition charges will be about $80 million per quarter through the third quarter of 2019 due to amortization of intangible. It will decline to about $50 million per quarter for two remaining years. Operating profit was $1.56 million or 41.7% of revenue. Operating profit was up 17% from a year ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 46.9% up from 43.2% a year ago and for a better processing, it was 34.3% up from 28.8% a year ago. Our focus investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions enabled both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth. Other income and expense declined $176 million as we signed several intellectual property agreements in the year ago quarter that will not repeat or that did not repeat. Net income in the fourth quarter was $344 million or $0.34 per share, which included $0.75 in tax-related expenses not in a prior outlook as we have discussed. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.93 billion in the quarter, up 39% from a year ago. Capital expenditures were $231 million in the quarter. In the fourth quarter, we paid $611 million in dividends and repurchased $706 million of our stock for a total return of $1.32 billion in the fourth quarter. Our balance sheet remains strong with $4.47 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the quarter. We issued $500 million of debt in 10-year notes during the quarter. This leaves total debt of $4.1 billion with a weighted average coupon rate of 2.05%. Inventory days were 134 up eight days from a year ago and within our expected range. Now let's look at some of these results for the year. In 2017, cash flow from operations was $5.36 billion up 16% from the previous year. Capital expenditures were $695 million or 4.6% of revenue, consistent with our long-term expectations. Free cash flow for the past 12 months was $4.67 billion or 31.2% of revenue. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we have said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long-term and will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders. We remain committed to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. Total cash returned to owners in 2017 was $4.66 billion. This combined returns of dividends and share repurchases demonstrate our confidence in our business model and our commitment to return all free cash flow to our owners. Over the last 12 months, we paid $2.10 billion in dividends or about 45% of free cash flow, evidence of their sustainability. Outstanding share count was reduced by 1.3% over the past 12 months and has been reduced by 43% since the end of 2004 when we initiated a program designed to reduce our share count. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $3.49 billion to $3.79 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.01 to $1.17, which includes an estimated $30 million discrete tax benefit. In closing, I'll note that the strength of our business model was demonstrated throughout our financial performance, from topline growth and margin expansion to free cash generation. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are technology manufacturing, portfolio breadth, market reach and diverse and long-lived products. We will continue to strengthen these advantages to the disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best products; analog and embedded processing and the best markets, industrial and automotive, which I believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth for a long time to come. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lineup for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask a question, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for a follow-up. Renee?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] And our first question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. I was wondering if you could give us some more color on what you're seeing in different end markets at the start of the year? When I look at your Q1 sales outlook, it's in line with consensus; seasonally somewhat conservative after seasonally or below seasonal quarter you had in Q4? And Dave, it seems to be in somewhat contrast to the very strong micro environment. So, is there something that you're seeing that is keeping you more conservative than usual?
Dave Pahl: Yeah Vivek, first just take a look at the results in total. If you look at the quarter, fourth quarter came in with 10% year-over-year growth. We just took for the year, the company came in at 12% year-over-year growth. And if you look at the outlook, at the midpoint, we would be at mid-upper or I'd say upper single-digit growth overall. So, I think if you look inside of that, we've continued to see strength in automotive and industrial. The exciting thing about that of course is that both of those markets we think will drive our revenue for quite some time. I think inside of the fourth quarter as we talked about in our prepared remarks, we did see weakness in comps equipment. That's a market that traditionally is choppy and then in PE it's really more of a mixed bag there and more dependent or varied by customer overall, but again with double-digit growth in the quarter and 12% growth for the year, I'd consider that as still strong performance. Do you have a follow-on?
Vivek Arya: Yeah. Thank you, Dave. So maybe let me ask that same question in a different way. So, you grew 10% in Q4, when I look at Q1, it's pointing to a somewhat deceleration to 7%, which is still impressive but a deceleration regardless. So are you seeing anything in the environment that is making you conservative and for a follow-on from that is do you think this is a sustainable growth rate right. I know you don't give out full year guidance, but do you see the trend sustainable for the rest of the year, thank you?
Dave Pahl: Yeah, so let me now try to forecast the year. I think as you said, upper single-digits is still strong growth. I think when we look at the macro environment, it overall seems constructive, continues to seem constructive for us. We did see changes in comps equipment. I wouldn't describe that as something that's necessarily a macro effect. It is just what it is that continues to be a choppy market for us, but a good market. It's a market that we continue to invest in and make money there for some time. So overall, I think we're positioned well and again I think that the overall environment in constructive.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me just add to that view, take a step back and think about on the sustainability question, the way we think about our markets, it starts with a global GDP growth, 3% to 4% or so and then semiconductors should grow on top of that 1% or 2%. Particularly, the markets that we focus, which are industrial automotive and that's because, that's where the semiconductor companies have been. And then on top of that, we've been gaining share in Analog and Embedded on a pretty consistent basis. So, you can think of another point or two on top of that for our long-term sustainable growth. Of course, any one quarter, even any one year, that can vary, but over the long haul, this is a great market to be in particularly industrial automotive, which is where we're focusing our investments, our efforts because that's what the semiconductor content growth is happening.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Vivek. And we'll go to our next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hey guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Did 21% roughly growth that you had in your industrial business, any color you can provide Dave on what's going on underneath the covers there? That's a very, very impressive number and kind of getting at the same sustainability question, any color that you could give looking backward might be helpful?
Dave Pahl: Yeah you bet Ross and I think if you, the numbers that we provide you are a rounded percentages, so I would describe industrial growth overall in the upper teens when you look year-over-year and that growth is based on almost all sectors growing. So very, very diverse. That's one of the things that we -- that we like about it and for those that listen to us regularly, you've heard me talk about the 14 different sectors that we have that make up the industrial segment now include things like factory automation and control, industrial transport and things that you would expect, but it also includes things like medical and healthcare, avionics appliances and those types of things that perhaps the financial community wouldn't put inside of industrial, but behaves much in the same way. So that's why they're in there. So, we're really pleased with that growth. What's encouraging about it again is it's coming from very diverse sources and it's really about content gains inside of that market. Do you have a follow-on Ross?
Ross Seymore: Yeah, I do. Switching over to the OpEx side for you either you or Rafael, in 2017 there was a big delta between what R&D did versus SG&A and then now also that you have some better profitability with the tax rate being lower, really just wanted to see what your views are on the OpEx side of the equation overall? Will you spend more now that you have more cash and how will it be split if any differences between those two buckets?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah Ross, what I would tell you is that first at a high level, OpEx to us is an investment, whether it's R&D or SG&A. In the case of R&D, obviously we're putting out more differentiated products, focused on industrial and automotive to strengthen our competitive advantages, in this case, the breadth of portfolio for us. In the case of SG&A, there are a lot of things there, but one thing that we've been focusing on is the migration and that strengthens another competitive advantage which is a channel advantage. So, we did that in 2017. Our OpEx was up about 3% and we're going to continue focusing our investments on that. On the second part of your question on tax reform, and by the way on that, let me step back for a second. As Dave said during the call, that is a great thing. We're very happy with tax reform. It's going to enable companies like TI, U.S.-based companies to compete more effective on a global basis. Now we are on an even playing field versus companies outside the United States. So that is great, but our long-term investment strategy remains unchanged. We're going to continue investing to strengthen our competitive advantages as we have talked about before and now with more cash, we're going to do that and then we're going to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company, which is our commitment as part of our capital management strategy and we have been talking about for a number of years.
Dave Pahl: Right. Thank you, Ross and I will go to our next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We move next to Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. Dave, you talked a little bit about the communications equipment market and the weakness there. Was that focused on around a single region or a couple of customers or was it broad-based and when would you expect that part of the market to inflict to the upside?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Well first I'd say that it was different by customer and it impacted our segments differently because of that exposure and it's really hard to predict what direction that market will take over the long term. The good news is that our position even there is very broad-based. So, we will be reflective of the overall market. People will continue to buy communications equipment based stations and things for some time to come. We continue to invest and position ourselves well for newer technologies as they come out. So that includes trends like carrier aggregation or massive multiple antennas that we'll see in later 4G as well as 5G standard. So very confident about those positions and in the short-term the market will be what the market will be. Do you have a follow-on?
Toshiya Hari: Yes. Thank you. I had a question on inventory at TI what you see in the distribution channel also your end customers, specifically on your own inventory, I was a little bit surprised to see inventory tick up on a sequential basis. I think historically Q4 would be flat to down if I'm not mistaken. So, if you can comment on how you would describe inventory that would be great, thank you?
Dave Pahl: Yeah Toshiya, let me start and then I'll hand it over to Rafael and I think when you look at inventory and I'll start with inventory, the channel it remains steady at about four weeks. I'll point out to those that aren't as familiar with us, that's structurally lower than many of our peers will run because of consignment program. So, you'll see that as a half to about a third as what many of our peers will run and we feel very comfortable at those types of levels. What we see down channel from customers is we'll depend on what type of arrangements we've got. If we've got a consignment program with them, we can see very into their manufacturing plans and their build plans because we own that material until they pull it, but really our visibility ends there meaning that when they -- if they're building inventory of if they're putting inventory down channel, we can't see that. But we see no indications of inventory that's building there overall. So, let me turn it over to Rafael about our inventory.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, so let me step back and tell you how we think about our inventory overall. We want to maintain high levels of customer service; one, to minimize obsolescence, optimize manufacturing utilization and all these things vary depending on multiple factors. For example, consignment, we have many consignment engagements and in fact we want to continue increasing consignment engagement because we get -- we tend to get a better signal to consignment engagement. So, all that is good stuff. Also step back and think about our strategy focusing on diverse customers, focusing on diverse positions on industrial automotive where we design a part in industrial and that part may sell for 10, 20 even 30 years. So, the inventory is good for a long, long time. So, we don't have to worry about this obsolescence risk that maybe in the past we have the other types of focus that we had. So, in this particular case, in the fourth quarter inventory days ended up at 134, that's within our range and we had a chance to replenish some of our low-volume high mix stuff. So, we're going to -- we did some of that. In fact, we're going to continue doing that because over the long haul, as we would replenish that, we have inventory available to sell to those industrial and automotive customers and be able to keep those high level for customer service.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you, Toshiya. We'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Dave or Rafael, maybe just to follow up on the inventory question, I guess maybe asked a different way, were you planning to grow inventory sequentially in the calendar fourth quarter or did it end up growing because some revenue upside did not materialize in the quarter? And I guess importantly as you look out to calendar first quarter, how do you expect to management inventories for the calendar first quarter? Will it come down from here? Are you taking any unusual utilization action around inventory to bring it down?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, what I would tell is inventory came in about as expected. And on the second part of your question, of course we don't get into that level of detail, but I would tell you that as I mentioned to the earlier caller, we want to have buffers of inventory, particularly when addressing the industrial market, but also the automotive market. It's a good thing to have to these buffers and we have many, many of our products are low-volume high mix and by the way those are products that last for -- we can keep them for 10 years in our shelves and then we sell them to our customers for 20 or 30 years. So, from a manufacturing standpoint, it makes sense to build them and keep them in storage and building them in batches and it's just a lot more efficient that way. So, we did that in fourth quarter and if depending on the market, we can now build some more in the first, second and third, we'll do that again.
Dave Pahl: Yeah and I'll just add kind of the corollary to the point that Rafael made. We do look at risk of obsolescence. So, if we have a part that's a custom or primarily used by one or two customers, we'll tend to keep very low inventory on those parts. So, managing that inventory stack to risk of obsolescence is something that we aggressively do. Do you have a follow-on John?
John Pitzer: Just to be clear, is this a change in sort of your long-term inventory targets or are we just kind of still within those targets, just perhaps maybe migrating to the higher ends?
Rafael Lizardi: The objective is the same. As far as the target, as we do every year, we look at our metrics for the capital management strategy and as you know, we have 10 or 12 metrics. So, we look at those and if we need to do tweak them, we tweak them. So, if February sticks with our call and we'll go to there and if we need to tweak some of those metrics including inventory, we will do that at that point.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, John. We'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Hey. Good afternoon, guys and solid job on the quarterly execution. Can you just give us an idea of the breadth of the demand trends on a year-over-year basis by geography? I think last quarter you guys saw year-over-year growth in most geographies except for Japan which was flat. Just wondering if the strength continues to be broad-based here?
Dave Pahl: Yeah Harlan, it was broad-based. We saw revenue growth in Europe, in Asia as well as the U.S., but again this year, Japan was down. It's almost very similar, but I would describe that the growth is being very broad-based. Do you have a follow-on?
Harlan Sur: Yes, I do. Thanks for that. Your analog revenues grew by about $1.4 billion in 2017 and if my memory serves me correctly, you guys exited 2016 with your 300-millimeter fabs diving about $2.5 billion in revenues on an annualized basis. Is it therefore fair to assume that you're driving now close to about $4 billion in revenues through your 300-millimeter analog fab? So, utilization roughly about 48%.
Dave Pahl: Yeah that's -- you're right in zip code Harlan and so we ran about 50% of that capacity in our 300-millimeter fabs which includes the Richardson fab and also DMOS6, so somewhere in the ZIP Code of about $4 billion of revenue and I think as we look at that and just to take a step back, manufacturing and technology is one of our four competitive advantages. 300 millimeter is probably one of the best examples that we can point to inside of that. And we have because of 300 millimeter, when you look at the number of dies, we produce on that versus 200 millimeter, we just have a structural cost advantage on every wafer that we build and every dollar of revenue we put through there. So that's the benefit that has -- we've accrued over the years and have increased that. But the great news is we continue to have a lot of -- a lot of headway, a lot of runway ahead of us. So
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, just to build on that, that is part of what's supporting the free cash flow grow that we're seeing. This year free cash flow growth was 14% on a per-share basis with 16%. Just to illustrate the strength of the business model with the competitive advantages, our focus on auto and industrial and analog and embedded.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you, Harlan. We'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citigroup.
Chris Danely: Thanks guys. I guess first question for Rafael, if you look at your cash flow deployment over the last few years, it will take out I think around $500 million in debt and then the rest of it goes to kind of one third buyback, two thirds dividend with the extra cash. Can we assume those same ratios or would you look to take out a little more debt or keep the kind of the same?
Rafael Lizardi: So, Chris you have a few things there. Let me may be take one at a time. First with the debt, the way we think about that is we take on debt when economics make sense and right now the economics make sense. We have $4.1 billion of debt and is at a 2.05% weighted average coupon rate. And the one we took out recently was 10-year debt at 2.9%. Of course, that's pretax. So, the economics make sense and of course we do it in a very judicious way. We have -- we don't have concentrated maturities and we maintain a strategic flexibility. On the first part of your question, our commitment is to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. You know us for a long time and you know that we've been doing that. This year for example, we generated $4.7 billion free cash flow and we returned guess what $4.7 billion. So, we're committed to doing that and we do it through both dividends and buyback. This year dividends were $2.1 billion, buybacks $2.6 billion. We have a robust and flexible model to do that. It doesn't have to be necessarily any particular split. Dividends would like to be between 40% and 60% of free cash flow of the current year and essentially repurchases is everything else. Do you have a follow-up on that?
Chris Danely: Yeah thanks. Another I guess historical/longer-term question. So Q4, you guys are roughly on a sequential basis seasonal and if you look at I think the six quarters before that, every quarter was probably 1% to 3% about seasonal. So, are you seeing things I guess stabilizing or are cooling-off or any signs of that in the industry or am I just looking at the numbers too much and doing a little paralysis by analysis?
Dave Pahl: Maybe more of the latter. I'd just say, when you look at the numbers Chris, really from the topline growth down to free cash flow generation, you just see the strength in the business model right. We've got -- we've been investing in analog and embedded. They represent 90% of our revenue. They go through 16% year-on-year. Industrial and automotive make up 54% of that. So, we won't control the short-term demand. It is what it is, but when you look at those numbers overall, I think at least when we look at it, we think -- we think they look pretty solid. So, thank you and we'll go to our next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Sanford C. Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Regarding the near-term OpEx trends, last few quarters OpEx come in light at least verses street expectations. I know you guys don't guide short-term OpEx, but I'd say this time it came a little higher than at least what we had expected. How did OpEx come in versus your own expectations in the quarter and how should we be thinking about as we go into Q1? Are there any I guess changes or differences versus what might ordinarily see in a typical Q1 in terms of your plans?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah Stacy, first OpEx came in about as expected. That's a short answer to the first question. Then before I go to the second question, let me take a step back. I think I alluded to this earlier, but just to mention and again we see OpEx as investments right. Whether it's R&D or SG&N and those were up 3% for the year. So very reasonable given the growth that we're turning our key markets in analogue and embedded and industrial and automotive. So, we're getting the results that we want from those investments. And those investments go to strengthen our competitive advantages and in the case of R&D maybe the easiest thing to point out is the broad portfolio that continues to grow and strengthen. And in the case of SG&A the easiest one to point to is demand creation and everything that we're doing there. Going to the second part of your question on the first quarter, as you know we don't get into specific detail there. What I'll tell you that it's normal. People are still going to take less vacation in the first quarter than they do in fourth because of Christmas and Thanksgiving and other things and we still have pay and benefit increases in February. So, we expect about the same as we usually expect in that transition.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-up Stacey?
Stacy Rasgon: I do. Thank you. Around the inventory buffers that you were talking about putting in place, are you actually seeing shortages or lead times for those specific products actually just beginning to extend to drive that buffer addition or are you just being sort of proactive about getting in place now? And how much of the I guess inventory you guys -- total inventory as it stands today out of the $1.96 billion would correspond to some of these buffer areas?
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, let me start and then Dave will chime in on the rest of your question, but the buffer, this is nothing new. We've had about four, five, six years or so obviously depending on demand, strength of demand, it fluctuates. We were able to build or it would drain in the buffers. So that's what they are there for. At times, we drain them. And frankly off the top of my head, I couldn't tell you how much of the $1.9 billion and change is for the buffers, but the bigger point is why we have the buffers? We're focusing end markets but industrial is the best example. We have a lot of small customers across the world, in the middle of the U.S., in Shenzhen, in the middle of Germany. Small customers focused on 14 sectors, hundreds of end equipment. You couldnt possibly build to order that stuff right, because if any one customer may order a few thousand pieces, so what you do is you build in, in bigger batches you store it and then you sell over time. And because the parts and just in our inventory last 10 years, then it's very affordable. It makes a lot of sense to do that and we do that with very low levels of scrap in any one quarter or any one year.
Dave Pahl: I'll just add, I think when you look we're doing that Stacey, so that our lead time is going to remain stable and then probably coupled with that is we focus on making sure that we've got very high customer service metrics. So, when we say, we were going to ship something that we actually ship it on that date to customers. And those two things combined are what gives customers confidence that they can get the products that they need from us. So, we spent a lot of time and that's maybe just a highlight that that's one of the initiatives that we've had at our company as we looked at having more analog, more embedded products, more industrial and automotive, we knew we needed to ensure that we put in place the capabilities to be able to service customers of any size and have those types of metrics.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah and just to add a little bit to that, back on the way we look at inventory, think about improving manufacturing asset utilization. If you can improve and run the factories not completely level because you can never do that exactly like that, but fairly level that. It goes to a long way to improving your manufacturing processes, your yields, your cycle times and that just translates into lower cost, which gets what translates into more free cash flow and that goes to the strength of our business model how we generate all that free cash flow that we have been growing consistently for what now 13-14 years.
Dave Pahl: Great. Okay. Operator, I think we have time for one more caller please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David Wong: Thanks very much. So, a follow-on from Vivek's question earlier. So, you're seeing a slight deceleration in your overall blended growth, but in the December quarter you had really strong growth in analog and embedded. Would we expect in the March quarter sort of roughly equal deceleration in both analog and embedded or is it one more than the other?
Dave Pahl: Yeah Dave, we provide guidance at the top level for revenue and we try not to get into the corners by markets or by products. So now if there is something unusual going on, either those by market or a specific customer or in one of those business units, we would call that out and there's nothing for us to highlight inside of there. Do you have a follow-on?
David Wong: No. That's good. Thank you very much.
Dave Pahl: Okay. With that, I'll turn it over to Rafael.
Rafael Lizardi: Sure, let me just finish with a few comments on some key items that I want everybody to remember. First, the strength of our business model is demonstrated through our financial performance. We have strong growth in both analog and embedded, which are the best products and industrial automotive, which are the best markets. That's where the semiconductor content growth is happening and we're confident that's the way it will continue to happen for many, many years to come. Second, as I said before, we're very excited about tax reform. It's made TI just more competitive on a global scale, so we're excited about what we can do with that. And finally, we continue to be disciplined in executing our capital management strategy. We remain committed to returning all free cash flow to the owners of the company. Dave?
Dave Pahl: Thank you all for joining us. Again, please plan to join us for our Capital Management Call on February 6 at 10:00 AM Central Time. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated
Analysts: Adam Gonzalez - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Texas Instruments Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectation. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. I'll start with a quick summary of our financial results. Revenue for the third quarter increased 12% from a year ago. Demand for our products continued to be strong in the industrial and automotive markets. In our core businesses, Analog revenue grew 16% and Embedded Processing revenue grew 17% compared with the same quarter a year ago. Operating margins increased in both businesses. Earnings per share was $1.26. With that backdrop, I'll now provide details on our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of our business model. In the third quarter, our cash flow from operations was $1.7 billion. We believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-month period was $4.2 billion, and free cash flow margin was 29.0% of revenue. We continue to benefit from our improved product portfolio that is long-lived and diverse and the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300-millimeter analog output. We believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it's productively invested in the business or returned to owners. For the trailing 12-month period, we returned $4.3 billion of cash to owners through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. In September, we announced we would increase our dividend by 24% and also increased our share repurchase authorizations by $6 billion, which together reflect our commitment to return all of free cash flow to our owners. I'll now provide some details by segment. From a year ago, Analog revenue increased 16% due to growth in power and signal chain. High volume was about even. Embedded Processing revenue increased by 17% from a year ago due to growth in both product lines, processors and connected microcontrollers. In our Other segment, revenue declined $70 million from a year ago, primarily due to custom ASIC and the move of royalties to OI&E, which began in the first quarter of 2017. Now I'll provide some insight into this quarter's revenue performance by end markets versus a year ago. Industrial demand remains strong, with broad-based growth as most sectors grew double digits. Automotive demand remained strong, with most sectors growing double digits. Personal electronics was about even, with results varying by customer. Communications equipment grew while results varied by customer. And finally, enterprise systems grew, primarily due to servers. We continue to focus our strategy on the industrial and automotive markets, where we've been allocating our capital and driving initiatives to strengthen our position. This is based on a belief that industrial and automotive will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets due to their increasing semiconductor content and that they provide diversity and longevity of products, which translates to a high terminal value of the portfolio. Raphael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.66 billion or 64.5% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit increased primarily due to higher revenue. Gross profit margin increased 240 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $787 million, and on a trailing 12-month basis, were 22% of revenue, within our range of expectations. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.5 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. Acquisition charges were $80 million, all of which was the ongoing amortization of intangibles, which is a noncash expense. Operating profit was $1.79 billion, or 43.4% of revenue. Operating profit was up 27% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 47%, up from 41.2% a year-ago, and for Embedded Processing was 34.9%, up from 28.2% a year ago. Our focused investment on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions enable both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth. Net income in the third quarter was $1.29 billion or $1.26 per share. This included a $38 million discrete tax benefit that was $18 million higher than our original guidance for the quarter, adding about $0.02 to earnings per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.72 billion in the quarter, up 18% from a year ago. Capital expenditures were $186 million in the quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, cash flow from operations was $4.82 billion. Trailing 12-month capital expenditures were $574 million or about 4% of revenue, consistent with our long-term expectation. Free cash flow for the past 12 months was $4.25 billion or 29% of revenue. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we have said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term, and will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to owners. As Dave mentioned already, in September we announced we will increase our dividend by 24% and also increase our share repurchase authorizations by $6 billion. Our quarterly dividend went from $0.50 per share to $0.62 per share, or $2.48 annualized. This is our 14th consecutive year of dividend increases. And over the past five years, we have increased the dividend by a compounded average rate of 24%. Our total outstanding repurchase authorization was about $10 billion at the end of third quarter. For the third quarter, we paid $495 million in dividend and repurchased $650 million of our stock, for a total return of $1.15 billion in the third quarter. Over the last 12 months, we paid $1.99 billion in dividends, or about 47% of free cash flow, evidence of their sustainability. Outstanding share count was reduced by 1.5% over the past 12 months and has been reduced by 43% since the end of 2004, when we initiated a program designed to reduce our share count. Total cash returned to owners in the past 12 months was $4.32 billion. These combined returns of dividends and repurchases and our recent announcement to increase the dividend and share repurchase authorizations demonstrate our confidence in our business model and our commitment to return excess cash to our owners. Our balance sheet remains strong with $3.44 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the third quarter, 76% of which was owned by the company's U.S. entities. This is consistent with our long-term objective to have onshore cash readily available for multiple uses. Inventory days were 119, up 1 day from a year ago and within our expected range. Our total debt is unchanged at $3.6 billion with a weighted average coupon rate of 1.93%. Turning to our outlook. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $3.57 billion to $3.87 billion and earnings per share in the range of $1.01 to $1.15, which includes an estimated $20 million discrete tax benefit. Our expected annual operating tax rate for 2017 continues to be about 31%. For fourth quarter 2017, we expect our effective tax rate to be about 29%, which includes about $20 million of discrete tax items, up from our previous guidance of $10 million. This is the rate you should use for your model for fourth quarter. For 2018, we're providing you with our quarterly tax rate expectations for both the operating and effective tax rates. You can find this detail on our Investor Relations website under the Financial Summary Data section. Now to wrap up, we remain focused on growing free cash flow per share over the long term and investing to strengthen our competitive advantages. We believe our third quarter results continue to demonstrate our progress. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open up the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible the opportunity to ask questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for additional follow up. Rebecca?
Operator: Thank you. And first we'll go to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Adam Gonzalez - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, thanks. This is Adam Gonzalez on for Vivek. So my first question is, last year you guided Q4 pretty conservatively and ended up reporting growth that was about twice as fast. How would you contrast the demand environment this year versus last year? And the reason why I bring this up is because your Q4 outlook of down 10% seems to be below seasonal. And I'm wondering, if that outlook really holds true, what are the areas of weakness that you're seeing that's driving this? Thanks.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes. So I think that if you look at our guidance, I'd say that we're not indicating that anything is atypical that's occurring. And I'd just remind you that whenever we've had something that's been unusual, whether that's been by market or by sector or sometimes even by customer, we've been pretty clear on that and would share it, and we've got nothing to share. So I'd just point out that if you look at the range of our guidance, that's going to vary and can comprehend several different scenarios. And at the midpoint, on a year on year basis, we'll grow about 9%, which we consider to be pretty robust. So, do you have a follow-on?
Adam Gonzalez - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. I guess looking at your free cash flow per share growth, the last couple of quarters, it's kind of trended below the longer-term 8% to 10% that you traditionally see. I'm wondering why that is and what are the catalysts to get that back up to where it has been. Thanks.
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes, Adam, thanks for giving me opportunity to talk about that. On free cash flow, it grew 4% on a trailing 12-month basis, and that is compared to a higher number for revenue on the same basis. And the difference is higher working capital, particularly accounts receivables and tax payments. If you look at the accounts receivable from 3Q 2015 to 3Q 2016, that actually drained whereas from 3Q 2016 to 3Q 2017, it built. So that is a source of cash in one case and a use of cash in another case. But, and in the case of the tax payments, we had a higher, disproportionately higher tax payment in the most recent comparison versus the previous trailing 12-month comparison.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Great. Thank you, Adam. Tell Vivek we said hello, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hello. Good afternoon, and solid job on the quarterly execution, the free cash flow generation and the capital return. Clearly the demand trends are pretty strong in the markets that you serve. Maybe you could just talk about the demand trends from a geographical perspective. I think last quarter you saw year over year growth in most geographies. I'm just wondering if the strength continues to be broad based.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes, Harlan, I would say that certainly the demand was broad based. If you look across our product lines, we've got 65 to 70 different product lines, and the demand was very strong across those as well as strong across the region. So we had revenue up in three of the four regions year on year in Europe, Asia and the U.S., and it was about even in Japan. And again, I just always remind that when we give regional color, that's where we ship the product. That's what we can measure. Where that product actually ends up from a regional standpoint, we really don't have visibility into. Do you have a follow-on?
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks for the color there. On the OpEx front, great operating leverage. You drove 12% sequential growth in sales, but your OpEx declined by 3%. So you guys are driving some serious leverage here. The OpEx as a percent of sales is actually just below your target range, and so I guess the question is, what drove the sequential decline in the OpEx. And how should we think about the OpEx profile just over the next few quarters?
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes, I'll take that. For OpEx, we think of that in terms of, from a model standpoint, we think of it as a percent of revenue on a trailing 12-month basis, and for the last couple years, we've actually been running at about 23%. And in the current trailing 12-months, we're about 22% of revenue. So we have said that in a stable environment, which we are, we can run in the bottom half of our expectations of 20% to 25%. So we've been running at about 22%, so that's well within that. Of course to us, OpEx are investments, and obviously that goes for R&D, but even inside of G&A we think of a large portion there as investment. So in R&D of course we're focusing on industrial and automotive, because those are the best markets. where semiconductor growth is happening. But in the G&A front, we have many investments there on ti.com and demand creation just to continue building on our reach of channels, reach of markets, competitive advantage that we have talked about. Before we go to the next caller, I'd like to just make a comment on the previous question on working capital. I want to stress that while our accounts receivables increased in that last comparison, the delta days sales outstanding actually decreased by 1 day. So it's at 34. So that just goes to show you how healthy the account receivable balance is. I wanted just to clarify that.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Okay, great. Thank you, Harlan, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, Ross Seymore.
Unknown Speaker: Hey. This is Jerrell (17:41) on behalf of Ross. Thanks for letting us ask a question. Just asking about the general end markets here, could you provide some end market detail in terms of how they trended quarter on quarter in addition to year on year?
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Sure, Jerrell (17:54). If you look at industrial, it increased with most sectors growing. And again, we've got 14 sectors there, so fairly broad based. Automotive increased with most sectors growing. Personal electronics increased, as one would expect, as you move into the holiday builds with most sectors growing there. Comms equipment was even, and enterprise systems grew due to both servers and projectors. Do you have a follow-on?
Unknown Speaker: Yes. Just a question on the report here. So your September quarter revenues exceeded the high end of your prior guidance, and it's the first time in about a year that happened. However, gross margins expanded just 20 basis points. I think we were expecting more. So given the magnitude of the revenue beat, why didn't higher revenues result in more than 20 basis points of gross margin fall through?
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes. What I would tell you is that generally what we suggest and what we recommend to analysts and investors to think about our fall through  in the 70% to 75% range. But that is over the long haul, over a relatively long amount of time. In any one quarter, that fall through can be a little different. Now for example, in the comparison versus a year ago, which arguably, I would argue is more relevant as it has more time obviously in between, that was close to an 85% fall through, right. The increase in gross margin was 240 basis points, just as an example of a comparison to the sequential basis.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Okay. Thank you, Jerrell (19:38). And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We'll go to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah, good afternoon guys. Congratulations on the strong results. I guess my first question, I'm just kind of curious. When you look at year over year growth now for the core business, Analog and Embedded, you've had very healthy sort of double digit year over year growth. I'm wondering if you could kind of comment to what extent you think that's share gains, to what extent you think that is just easy compares, to what extent you think that might be a little bit of overheating relative to customer order activity. And you did a fantastic job on your own balance sheet, kind of managing inventories. I'm wondering if you could give us some color around customer inventory levels.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes. So, John, I think that if you look at general market conditions, they're similar to 90 days ago and certainly continue to remain strong. However, I think it's still yet to be seen how long that will extend over how long of a period of time. So we've got no indications of inventories growing or double ordering. And like I pointed out last quarter, history suggests we never really see that, those types of things ahead of time. But I think again, it's important to qualify what we can see. So we've got really good visibility into our distributors' inventory, and that remains at about four weeks. It's even both sequentially and year on year. Our visibility in customer inventories will vary depending if we're on consignment or not. So for our consignment OEMs, we hold that inventory on our balance sheet, and we don't see any unusual signals or other things like expedites that would suggest that there's issues inside of that. And our visibility of course into inventory beyond that and down our customers' channels, we just can't see that of course. So we just remain focused, as we have for a long time, focusing on both our internal manufacturing and internal inventory strategies. And we're focused on trying to keep lead time steady, which they have. Delivery metrics really high because that's what gives customers confidence that they can get the product when they need it. So you have a follow-on, John?
John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yes. I do for Rafael. As I think Harlan mentioned, you guys did a fantastic job on operating leverage in the quarter. When you look at absolute operating profits though, there's still a pretty meaningful gap between the Embedded business and the Analog business. And I think you've commented in the past that, theoretically, there's no reason why that gap can't close over time. I'm kind of curious. When I look sequentially, the operating leverage in the Embedded business was particularly high. I think the fall through was almost 86% Q on Q. I'm just kind of curious. Have we reached a scale point in that business where we would expect fall through to be higher from here on out and that gap to close more quickly? Any comments around that would be helpful.
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Sure. Well, to your point, the profitability of that business has in fact improved significantly. On a year on year basis, profit from operation is up 673 basis points. But at the end of the day, the main objective here is to grow free cash flow. We think that is  we believe that is what really drives value for the owners of the company, so and then return all that free cash flow to the owners. So we're not particularly focused on any one of those percentages because there are many ways to drive that free cash flow and one of them is expanding the margins. But then the other one is just growing the top line at the same margin, right. So that's the key message that the core objective that we're trying to achieve.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Okay. Thank you, John. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And that'll come from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, there. This is James Limz (23:52) and Shirley Hu on for Stacy. Sorry if we missed it, but we were just wondering what book-to-bill was for the quarter.
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Book-to-bill was, it was 1.0.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: 1.0. Yes.
Unknown Speaker: 1.0.
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: So.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: And again, we always, we give that number. I would say that always be cautious with it because we've got 60% of our revenue that's on consignment that we don't carry any backlog or don't get any orders in advance. So that's part of the reason why we don't focus on it. Do you have a follow-on?
Unknown Speaker: Yes. I guess so. We were just hoping for some more color on the OpEx and why it was a bit light and just how you see that trajectory going forward.
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Well, it came in about as expected. So I wouldn't characterize it as a bit light. And as I mentioned earlier on an earlier question, on a trailing 12-month basis, which is how we think is appropriate to look at, is, came in at 22%. I think in the last couple years it's been at 23%. So it's trended a little down over the last few years, but it is well within the bottom half of our expectations of 20% to 25%, which is our expectations when things are stable, which they are now.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Okay. Thank you. We'll go to our next caller, please.
Operator: C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, forward look outlook on gross margins. Can you talk about what you're expecting mix wise and whether that fits in with an incremental gross margin around 70%? Or are there kind of puts and takes around that?
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: On gross margins, what we have said before, and we'll continue to say, really hasn't changed our guidance on that is that our general expectation is revenue to pull through at about 70% to 75%. And that's over the long haul, right, not in any one quarter. So you should think about it that way. And as we continue to grow the top line, driven by our investments in analog and embedded from a product standpoint, and industrial, automotive from an end market standpoint, we expect to continue gaining share and that additional revenue to fall through at about those rates.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Do you have a follow on, C.J.?
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Yes, please. Could you provide an update on where you are on the 300-millimeter? Interested in terms of utilization rates as well as some of the work you're doing on the back end and other fronts to drive even higher incremental margins. Thanks.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes, you bet. I think, as C.J. asked that question, there are probably callers on the line and listening that aren't familiar. But we've got four competitive advantages, the first of which is our manufacturing and technology. And I think the 300-millimeter is a good example of that strength. The other three, just quickly, are the breadth of the product portfolio; our channel advantages, which includes the size of our sales force and ti.com; and then just the diversity and longevity across markets and sectors and customers and products, which I think leads for investors a high confidence and a high terminal value of that product portfolio. But why 300-millimeter matters is that we've got a structural cost advantage. So with that larger wafer size, we get 40% lower cost on the chip when we manufacture that. And most chips in the industry are built on 200-millimeter. So we started this year, we've had about 25% of our 300-millimeter capacity footprint utilized. Essentially most of the analog growth this year, and as we have seen for several years, is supported by 300-millimeter. We'll actually give an update to that in our February capital management call on what the precise numbers are, but that revenue continues to grow on 300-millimeter, and we continue to see the benefit. So thank you for that question, C.J., and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. You've had for several quarters strength in automotive and industrial, and that continued in the quarter you just reported. In the outlook, I'm wondering if there's any change in terms of the relative strengths of your expected results by end market?
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes  well as you know, we don't provide color below the top line, but certainly if there was anything significant there, we'd call out. And I can tell you there isn't anything significant. And I think if you look at that strength inside of industrial and automotive, I think as we look at third quarter, as it has for some time, that strength has been very broad based. So, we've got 14 sectors inside of industrial. Most of those have been growing double digits for some time. We continue to direct our investments across those 14, so it's a very intentional investment and return. Same thing in automotive. So we've got diversity across five different sectors. All five of those are contributing to growth. And that diversity is across the product lines, it's across geographies. So we feel really good about that strength. Do you have a follow-on?
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks, Dave. I do. One more. We're aware that there's been a change in compensation to distributors. It's been pretty well publicized, I think, relative to paying them for demand  so-called demand creation. I'm wondering if there are still benefits to be made by TI, if there was anything squeezed out in the quarter just reported or anything that's still on the come, either in December or beyond from that change in sort of how you work with distribution. Thank you.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes. So again, we don't  we no longer do pay for demand creation. As you indicated, distributors of course will continue to play a role in order fulfillment for our customers. So those relationships have been evolving, especially as the reach of our channel advantages continues to strengthen. So as I mentioned earlier, even in this call, that is a unique advantage and includes both ti.com and the size and skill of our sales and apps team. So those changes began implementation three years ago, for any accounts where we had direct TI resources. That represented about 80% of the TAM. And then later last year, we implemented changes with the remaining 20%. So I'd say a good portion of that is worked through, and it's not significant enough that it's going to make any of these earnings conference calls. So we just continue to invest in our demand creation activities, and we feel really good about the results that that is producing. So with that, I think we've got time for one more call. Operator?
Operator: And that'll come from Romit Shah with Nomura Instinet.
Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet: Great.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Hi, Romit.
Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet: Hey, Dave. How are you?
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Great.
Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet: I just wanted to ask about the revenue growth, if you look at sort of growth over the last 12 months. I mean semiconductor demand, it just seems like there's a resurgence here. We certainly see that looking at the performance of your Analog and Embedded businesses. And that it's more than just  it's coming from more than just consumer confidence and how they're managing inventories. And I'm just curious, if you look at the performance of Analog and Embedded over the last 12 months, has it changed your outlook for the long-term growth of the company?
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yeah, I don't think so, Romit. I think that we're fortunate that we've got investments in capacity and we've got a product portfolio that is very, very diverse. It's rich in automotive and industrial, which are the best growing parts of the market. And I don't think that that changes our outlook over the long term. And the best signal that we get from customers are orders, so we're able to respond to those if things continue to strengthen and strengthen from here. And if they go the other way, we've got a playbook ready to go if that were to happen. So do you have a follow-on?
Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet: Yeah. I mean you talked about automotive, and one of the things that we see is that this shift to electric vehicles has a lot of momentum and that with electric powertrains, we could see demand for power semiconductors accelerate. And I was just curious how you guys think about the opportunity in electric vehicles. Is that a sub-segment that TI is uniquely positioned for?
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yeah. I think that our investments in automotive are really directed across five different sectors. So powertrain is one of them, which is primarily EV. So, but if you look at the other spaces like infotainment cluster, passive safety, ADAS or advanced driver assist systems, and body electronics and lighting, we're very intentionally directing our investments across those areas. So certainly as EVs become a higher mix of units that are sold on an annual basis, we'll benefit from that, but we're not dependent on it. And I think if I bring you back to our four competitive advantages, just that diversity and longevity. We'll benefit from ADAS systems being deployed and as the industry marches forward to autonomous driving or the mix of EVs. Those are things we'll benefit from, but our business model isn't dependent on them. So we're real excited with the diversity of design wins that we have there, and we think we've got a lot of runway there as well as inside of industrial.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: So with that, we'll wrap up tonight's call, and thank you all for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. And we do thank everyone for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Dave Pahl - VP & Head of IR Rafael Lizardi - CFO
Analysts: Adam Gonzalez - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Danely - Citigroup William Stein - SunTrust Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Craig Ellis - B. Riley Financial
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our second quarter '17 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TIs Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TIs most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Ill start with a quick summary of our financial results. Revenue in the second quarter increased 13% from a year ago. Demand for our products continue to be strong in the automotive market and continue to strengthen in the industrial market. In our core businesses, Analog revenue grew 18% and Embedded Processing revenue grew 15% compared with the same quarter a year ago. Operating margin increased in both businesses. Earnings per share were $1.03. With that backdrop, Ill now provide details on our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of TIs business model. In the second quarter, our cash flow from operations was $917 million. We believe that free cash flow growth especially on a per share basis is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-month period was $4.0 billion, and free cash flow margin was 28.5% of revenue. We continue to benefit from our improved product portfolio that is long-lived and diverse, and the efficiencies of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300-millimeter Analog output. We believe that free cash flow will only be valued if it is productively invested in the business or returned to owners. For the trailing 12-month period, we returned 4.1 billion of cash to owners through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. From a year ago, Analog revenue increased 18% primarily due to growth in power and signal chain each of through about the same amount, high volume also grew. Embedded Processing revenue increased by 15% from a year ago due to growth in both product lines, processors and connected microcontrollers by about the same amount. In our other segment, revenue declined $60 million from a year ago, primarily due to custom ASIC and the move of royalties to OI&E beginning in the first quarter of 2017. Now, Ill provide some insight into this quarters revenue performance by end market versus a year ago. Automotive demand remains strong with most sectors growing double digits. Industrial demand continued to strengthen with broad-based growth as most factors grew double digit. Personal electronics grew while results vary by customer. Lastly, communications equipment grew and enterprise systems was about even. We continue to focus our strategy on the industrial and automotive markets which for the end markets where we have been allocating our capital and driving initiatives. This is based on our belief that industrial and automotive will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets due to their increasing semiconductor content, and that they will provide diversity and longevity of products which translates to a high terminal value of the portfolio. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook. Rafael?
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.37 billion or 64.3% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit increased primarily due to higher revenue. Gross profit margin increased 300 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $812 million and on a trailing 12-month basis, they were 22.3% of revenue, which is in the lower half of our model. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.4 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. Acquisition charges were $79 million, all of which was the ongoing amortization of intangibles, which is a non-cash expense. Operating profit was $1.48 billion, or 40.1% of revenue. Operating profit was up 31% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 44.7%, up from 38.2% a year ago. And for Embedded Processing was 31.2%, up from 25.4% a year ago. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions enabled both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth. Net income in the second quarter was $1.06 billion or $1.03 per share, which included $28 million discrete tax benefit above what we expected. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $917 million in the quarter. You will see that while net income was significantly higher than a year ago, that increase was more than offset by a higher tax payment that was driven by our outlook for higher profitability this year. Inventory days were 133, even with our year ago and within our range. Capital expenditures were $151 million in the quarter. On a trailing 12 month basis cash flow from operations was $4.56 billion. Trailing 12-month capital expenditures were $527 million or about 4% of revenue. As a reminder, our long-term expectation for capital expenditures is about 4% of revenue. Free cash flow for the past 12 months was $4.04 billion or 28.5% of revenue. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we have said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term and will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to owners. In the second quarter, we paid $498 million in dividends and repurchased $650 million of our own stock for a total return of $1.15 billion. Total cash returned to owners in the past 12 months was $4.05 billion. Over the last 12 months, we paid $1.88 billion in dividends. Outstanding share count was reduced by 1.2% over the past 12 months and has been reduced by 42% since the end of 2004, when we initiated a program designed to reduce our share count. This combine returns of dividend and repurchases demonstrate our confidence in our business model and commitment to return excess cash to our owners. In the quarter we retired $375million of debt and year-to-date, we have retired $625 million. In addition, we issue $600 million in debt in two branches, $300 million each in four year and seven year notes. This leads total debt of $3.6 billion with a weighted average coupon rate of 1.93%. Our cash management and tax practices are fundamental to our commitment to return cash. We ended the quarter with $2.98 billion of cash and short-term investment, with our U.S. entities owning about 80% of our cash. This onshore cash is readily available for multiple uses. Turning to our outlook for third quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $3.74 billion to $4.06 billion and earnings per share in the range of $1.04 to $1.19, which includes an estimated $20 million discrete tax benefit. Our annual operating tax rate for 2017 is now about 31%, compared with our prior expectations of above 30% due to our outlook for higher profitability this year. This annual operating tax rate assumes no discrete items and it's what you will need to use at the starting point for your longer term model. Next, we're assuming discrete free tax items of about $20 million and $10 million in the third and fourth quarter of 2017 respectively. Therefore, the effective tax rate which include discrete tax items translate to about 29% and 30% in the third and fourth quarter respectively. These are the quarterly effective tax rates you should use for your 2017 models. I will also remind analyst who are beginning to work with 2018 model that we would expect the discrete tax benefit in 1Q '18 to be higher than what were projecting for the third and fourth quarter of 2017, but lower than 1Q '17. To estimate the 2018 annual operating tax rate start with 2017 PDP tax of 31% than apply a 35% tax rate to any incremental profit. Then model discrete tax benefits by quarter, knowing that first quarter is expected to be higher than the others. Now to wrap up, we remain focused on growing free cash flow per share over the long-term and investing to strengthen our competitive advantages. We believe our second quarter results continue to demonstrate our progress. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open up the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jerald, on behalf of Ross. Just one question from me. You detailed how your end markets change year-on-year. Could you provide some details on how you estimate they change quarter-on-quarter?
Rafael Lizardi: Sure, Jerald. For automotive, basically, it increased sequentially with all sectors growing. Industrial, again, we saw a very broad based growth across the sectors and overall it also increased. Personal electronics increased with most sectors growing. Communications equipment was about even sequentially and enterprise systems are showing also good growth. Do you have a follow-on?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, sure. So you talked in the past about R&D potential is being a little bit elevated in near term now you guys came in further to our model for the quarter. How much longer could R&D be elevated in order to invest in the business?
Dave Pahl: I'll take that first. I would point out that I know you are asking about R&D, but let me address it from on OpEx standpoint. We look at that OpEx as a model and our model is turning to be between 20% and 30% of revenue I mean stable times to be at the lower half of that in fact that's why we've been in the last 2.5 years here so, 23 to 22, now we are running at 22% of revenue and again in stable times we think we can operate there. Now, inside of that they are both in R&D and actually in SG&A, we have various investments that are strengthening our competitive advantages on the R&D front. We continue to focus on industrial and automotive to broad -- continue broaden portfolio. On the SG&A side, we invested on to increase the reach of our channels ci.com in particular we are thinking that we are going to continue to make those investments to strengthen the Company.
Rafael Lizardi: Okay, great and we will go to our next caller please.
Operator: We will go now to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Adam Gonzalez: Hi, thanks, this is Adam Gonzalez on for Vivek. First question, maybe could you contrast auto demands now versus say maybe six months ago? Anyhow industrial is an even larger market where you guys even though auto tends to get all your attention. Just wondering, did it correlate at all? Can industrial offset any potential demand fluctuations in autos? Thanks and have follow-up.
Dave Pahl: Sure, yes. So, the strength that we've seen inside of automotive is something that we've seen for probably greater than four years now. So, I'd attribute that to our early focus on that market, the breadth of our technologies and really just the overall diversity of our position. Weve got five sectors inside of automotive that we are in investing in. So that includes infotainment safety systems, ADAS or advance driver assist systems, power train, which includes EV and hybrid and body electronics and lighting. So we are seeing good growth across those comms vectors that sit inside of the automotive market. And really also diversity, across sub-system suppliers, across car companies, across geographical regions, so we feel really good about that, very similar story inside of industrial very broad-based growth. I wont to speak to whether they'll be connected through economic cycles are not, but both do have increasing content. So, Id be a little cautious to think that increasing content could offset correction that we may see in a near-term in any one given quarter or even in any one given year. But we believe that there will be more content there over the long-term when youre looking five and 10 years and thats why our investments are higher today. Do you have a follow on?
Adam Gonzalez: My second question is more on your free cash flow growth. Im just curious why if you look at on a trailing 12-month basis, why free cash flow hasn't grown year-on-year despite your core NOI embedded businesses growing into low double-digit range? And whats the catalyst for maybe getting that back to the higher single-digit maybe low double-digit range? Thanks.
RafaelLizardi: Yes, thanks for -- this is Rafael. Thanks for a chance to clarify that. First, in any given quarter, you're going to have puts and takes on free cash flow -- on in line with the P&L, but particularly on the cash flow -- on the cash flow statement. In this particular quarter and also on a trailing 12-month basis, but what you see there is we had an increased tax payment in 2Q 17, that was primarily due to our outlook for higher profitability this year.
Dave Pahl: Okay. And well go through the next caller please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Danely with Bank of America Merrill Lynch -- excuse me with Citigroup.
Chris Danely: I had a question on gross margin. So your revenue is basically back to it was in the third, well I guess little bit higher than it was in the third quarter last year, but the gross margins are 230 basis points higher. Can you just kind of give us the reasons why they are higher? And then what would be the gross margin drivers going forward?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, sure. I'll be happy to address that. So, our gross margins in second quarter of 17 ended at 64.3% and that was 300 basis points higher than in the same quarter last year. And as you reflect the quality of our product portfolio, as we continue to focus on automotive and industrial, but also the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy and as you know, we have the unique advantage of having 300 millimeter factory that at the chip level provides 40% cost advantage. As of 2016, we had about 2.5 billion of our revenue running to 300 millimeter and as we continue to grow the Company, and in this case the Analog in particular, and that growth primarily runs through 300 millimeter then we're going to accrue that benefit over and over and it's a cumulative benefit that really yield some nice results. Through the gross margin line about in more important to their free cash flow and free cash flow for share to for the owner of the Company.
Dave Pahl: Do you have follow-up, Chris?
Chris Danely: Another thing that's going on out there at least some of your competitors have talked about their lead time extending. Is that happening at all at TI?
Rafael Lizardi: Chris, I described our lead times continuing to remain stable, if we do have pocket where we got a processor package, supply tightness, but were aggressively working those. But overall our lead times continue to remain stable.
Dave Pahl: Okay thank. We'll go to go the next caller.
Operator: We will go next to William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein: It's sort of a follow-up to the last one. Weve heard quite a bit about shortages for complimentary products SME's in particular on the faster aside. And I'm hoping you find out, if TI is seeing any sort of tapping of its growth opportunities because customers are certainly not going to order, parts if you think they can get a full kit from all their supplier racing that dynamic play at all.
Rafael Lizardi: I would say in general, I'm not sure we could see that if that was there. But I'll just remind you that about 60% of our revenues are on consignment, so we got no inventory of our products sitting in front of the customer's production line that they owned. We may have position that one of our balance sheet and same thing with distributors but we actually do get demand forecast from them and those often times will be several months out, sometime even as far as six months out. And that doesnt mean that they can't change. And I would say for that where we do have very good visibility and won't see anything unusual going on inside of there, no one usual expedites or cancellations or those types of things. Do you have follow on?
William Stein: Maybe you could comment on order linearity through the quarter and book to bill?
Rafael Lizardi: Sure, so again, Ill make the comment that weve got 60% of our revenues on consignment, so there we actually dont have orders or backlogs, we only see that those demand forecast. So book to bill is less helpful inside of that but orders if you look at through the month, they were strong overall and they did accelerate as we went through the quarter and into the month of June. Book to bill overall was 1.06. So and with that, we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Harlan Sur with JP Morgan.
Harlan Sur: Solid job on the quarterly execution margin expansion on the outlook, clearly macro dimensions are strong in yearend markets similar to our last quarter. I'm just wondering, if you could just talk about some of the dimensions from a geographic perspective. I think last quarter you guys saw year-over-year growth in of geographies, wondering, if you can just provide us with some details on the June quarter?
Rafael Lizardi: Sure. Harlan. Year-over-year revenue was up in all regions so Asia, Europe and the U.S. and Japan on a year-over-year basis and that was true additionally on a sequential basis. So we saw growth very really across the board there and just as a reminder some of those as well some dont that the we attract our revenue on where we ship it, so it's not where that product is ultimately keeps in as so we may ship in to a car manufacturer or Tier 1 car manufacturer in Europe and -that's car may end-up and be sold in China as an example. So, it's really is not a good look through for end consumption by market. Do you have a follow-on?
Harlan Sur: Yes, I do. Thanks for the color there. So on embedded strong year-over-year growth in sales. I think your operating profitability was up something like almost 600 basis points year-over-year. Is this mostly leveraged on the OpEx as you drive revenue growth? Or are there some positive mix benefit? And I'm not sure for example if some of your processes solution is going into automotive carry like higher gross margin profile?
Rafael Lizardi: Well, this is Rafael. What I would tell you that the driver the main driver of what you are seeing near is the revenue growth as we have a over a number of years now we've refocused our investments in embedded and now that really being up very nicely. They have embedded has a quite a bit of our investment there is in automotive and industrial just like it is in Analog and then those as we have said those are the best markets and there is that's giving very nice results.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you, Harlan, and will go to our next caller please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani: I guess two questions from me as well. First off historically that you've always talked about this 30 to 40 basis points of share gained actually on an annual basis. I'm just wondering given the inflection of R&D high over the last several quarters now, should we start to think about share gains potentially accelerating or share gains happening in place where the margin profile is much richer? And when do you see those benefits transfer for you guys on the revenue line?
Dave Pahl: Well, I'll take a shot at that and if Rafael wants to add something, he can jump in. I would just say that as we look and allocate R&D, worth allocating those to the best projects that we can find one so that we are going to produce, it get designed into the most customers into the most market and have longevity of revenue. And really mostly that's about finding better opportunities to invest in and trying to just settle the number of products as an example that we're doing. But we have found more opportunities to make investments its things as our products will live longer and repurpose products into adjacent markets that we found opportunities to be able to do that. So and I think just in general the quality of the opportunity share doesnt shift very quickly. And so we are not penciling in an inflection point inside of our revenue. But when you look at our competitive advantages and -- I just say, just as a reminder, all four those together and the investments that we are making, and that includes the manufacturing and technology, the most visible one there is the 300 millimeter advantage that we have. The broader portfolio and just the tens of thousands of products that weve got the opportunity to sell more products to customers the reach of the channel market including ti.com that Rafael had mentioned earlier as well as our sales force. And then just the diverse in line with positions, all those working together, I think this is confidence that in the -- in the future that we can continue to gain share in that range 30, 40 basis points.
Rafael Lizardi: The only thing, I would add is, as you know we talk about it quite a bit weve been focusing on our industrial for quite some time now because theyll start advance, theres kind of benchmark that they have the highest semiconductor content growth. And we are confident that will continue to have that for -- for many years to come. So as of the end of last year 51% of our  of our revenue was automotive and industrial and obviously with the growth we are seeing year-to-date that number appears to be picking up that percentage. So that numbers increases and we continue drive in a performance on those two segments. Then mathematically overall revenue will do better.
Dave Pahl: Amit, do you have follow-on?
Amit Daryanani: I do and hopefully I dont jinx the strength right now. But last four quarters I think all you guys have been pretty much at the high end of our revenue guide that you guys initially provide. Is there a change in the way you provide guide? Or you rolled up the revenue forecast that things have actually ended up at the high for four quarters in a row? Or is it just happened to be the case?
Rafael Lizardi: Its really the later, when we look at the out quarter, again weve got 60% of the revenues that we dont have patterns to look at, but we can actually seeing the demand patterns that that our customers have. And that can move in both directions pretty quickly, right. So even though we got great visibility there, things can strengthen or we can very quickly on us. But we do have very, very good visibility for that 50% of our revenue. And rest of that we look at, we do look at the backlog, we look at order patterns and our sales teams provide forecast as well. So, we go through our bottoms up and tops down approach. So, the revenue guidance that we gave for the third quarter is our best estimate of what we think well do. Okay.
Dave Pahl: Okay, thank you, Amit. And well go to the next caller please.
Operator: Well take our next question from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Rafael, I apologize if I missed this. But, what I think just talk a little bit about OpEx trends going into the September quarter, typically, its a seasonally down quarter for OpEx. Im just kind of curious, is that how we should be thinking about modeling it this September? Or are there some incentive or variable bonus offset that might actually have OpEx flat or up sequentially?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, Ill be happy to add some clarity on that. As you know, we dont guide specifically on OpEx or GPM, any line for that matter, matter other than revenue and EPS. But on OpEx -- and I should say, on OpEx we focus on the model, the 20% to 30%. And weve been operating in the lower half of that. So we like, you guys to think a lot that way. I would tell you though if we had anything unusual going on an OpEx, we would point that out second to third and we do not. And we also dont have anything like vacation or compensation adjustment that sometimes or we do see fourth to first for example. We do not have that going on in a second to third concession.
Dave Pahl: Just add to that when you look at our history we had some restructuring in the last few third quarters that you may have seen that transition that Rafael stated. There is not a seasonal impact you see inside the third quarter typically. Do you have a follow-on, John?
John Pitzer: Dave, I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in the auto market because clearly over the last several year, it's been one of the better semis, but there have been some sort of mix data points, starts decelerating, you've seen some auto manufactures actually coming forecast in the back half of the year. So I guess how do you think about kind of solid unit growth versus content growth? And how is the visibility there? And are you seeing things that others might have highlighted last week on their conference call?
Dave Pahl: Yes, so the one thing that been clear, our business has grown a very strong for four years plus now, so and thats really due to the early investments that we had made inside of this market, we continue to make. And again we're trying to ensure that we're making those investments as broad as we can, so we're not ending on one particular technology or one type of portion of that demand thats increasing. And clearly I dont think it's well know that actually content has grown faster inside auto's and if you go down into a showroom you can see that pretty clearly in any car today versus even just a few years ago. So were confident that that trend will continue and we've also seen the announcements, like you've mentioned that some car companies have reduced their bill plan, we certainly continue to monitor those markets overall but we're confident in our long-term position there and we will continue to make those investments. Okay thank you John and we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: We will now to Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Sorry about that straddling two calls and I apologize if this has been answered already. In the reported quarter, did the upside comp versus your expectations going into the quarter?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, Ambrish, it was -- things were pretty strong, really across the board. So, we saw growth really in most market, most geographies and even lot of the sub sectors inside of automotive and industrial.
Dave Pahl: And with that, three quarters of our growth came from industrial and automotive. So that just shows you how strong those were.
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes, I did Dave, and this is you're kind enough always when we have this topic comes up every couple of quarters and not surprisingly we're in an economic expansion for a while now, top of the cycle. You have metrics that you look out with your cancellations, booking and so you share them quite frequently with us. So where are we, where is TI's on those metrics Dave. Thank you.
Dave Pahl: I would say that if you look again inside of distribution, our inventory there remains at about four weeks is actually down sequentially and down from a year-ago. Our visibility in the customers inventory is of course very depending on if for on consignment or not so with our consigned OEMs were not thinking things that's unusual there such as expedite that would suggest that we have an issue, and off course our visibility and the inventory beyond with customers manufacturing operations is very little overall, so again cancellations remained low lead times continues to remain steady. So all of those metrics I think really our very similar to what we saw 90-days ago. So I think you Ambrish and I think we have time for one more call.
Operator: We will go next to Craig Ellis with B. Riley Financials.
Craig Ellis: I wanted to come back on the gross margin point so congratulations on getting to 64% in the quarter. When I look at the incremental for the quarter, it was 79%, which is above the 68% to 69% level but that it had been for the last five or six quarters, not unprecedented but look like a step-up. Is that something we should interpret as being more sustainable? Or were there some either mix items or other lumpy 300 million transition items that contributed to be atypical surge in the quarter?
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, this is Rafael. Well, we would tell you any given quarter the follow through will be a little different. In our company the size of ours are there is just a lot of puts and takes inside this big P&L the more important thing to remember is that we have some fundamental structural drivers that are have increased our GPM percent and we think we are in a continue increasing our GPM percent for a forcible future. And those are the quality of their portfolio as we continue to focus on the best market that are more even an industrial and the diversity and possessions and long live possessions that we get with those where we invest our R&D today and we get the revenue for decades to come. And then the other piece is 300 millimeter Analog as stated earlier that is 40% more cost efficient than 200 millimeter. And that accurse me and you starting one part on that and then in the next part you started on 300 and the third part and the fourth part and you making it all a bigger percent in terms of your company's is running on 300 millimeter and it was only the 30% as of 2016 and the 30% of the capacity we have on 300 which used. So we have ample room to continue growing 300 millimeter and accrue benefits to the Company.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow on?
Craig Ellis: Yes, thank you. Just regarding the end market color you provided in response to earlier question Dave. Comps are going to be flattish quarter-on-quarter. Can you just what pressure maybe in terms of where that the Company stands with respect to how it's looking at comps from a strategic standpoint and where you see demand is as we look around and look at 4G infrastructure investments being made globally? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yes, so comps equipment is 13% of our total revenue the viral or debt infrastructure will be sector inside of that which tends to take a lot of the calls it's more than half of that end market owned by itself so pricing more in the mid-single digits as a percentage of our revenue. And you know there I think when we look at incremental dollars of where we are investing. And if I refer you back to our capital management call that we get stay back in February, we talked about the fact that we wanted to increase incrementally dollars in both the industrial and automotive market because thats where we believe the growth will be. With communications equipment, I would say that we got some caveats depending on which business we are looking at. In Embedded, I would say that those investments are down versus where say where maybe five years ago. But on the same view inside of Analog, they're actually up because the some of the complexity that, thats being developed inside of the radio. So, we do believe that that market will continue to provide great opportunities for us for a very long period of time. But we just dont believe that there is going to be significant growth, we dont know if any carriers that want to take up the CapEx over the next 5 and 10 years, over a long period of time. So, thank you for that question, Greg and thank you all for joining us tonight. A replay of this call will be available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: This does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 17:30:00) =====
Executives: David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated
Analysts: Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments first quarter 2017 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded, and at this time I'd like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. I'll start with a quick summary of our financial results. Revenue for the first quarter increased 13% from a year ago. Demand for our products continue to be strong in the automotive market and continued to strengthen in the industrial market. Personal electronics also grew compared with a weak year-ago quarter. In our core businesses, Analog revenue grew 20% and Embedded Processing revenue grew 10% compared with the same quarter a year ago. Operating margin increased in both businesses. Earnings per share were $0.97 which included an additional $0.08 discrete tax benefit not in our original guidance. With that backdrop, I'll provide details on our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of TI's business model. In the first quarter, our cash flow from operations was $795 million, and we believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-month period was $4.2 billion, up 11% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin was 30.7% of revenue, up from 29.5% a year ago. We continue to benefit from our improved product portfolio that is long-lived and diverse, and the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300-millimeter analog output and our opportunistic purchase of assets ahead of demand. We believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it's productively invested in the business or returned to owners. For the trailing 12-month period, we returned $3.8 billion of cash to owners through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. From a year ago, Analog revenue increased 20% due to growth in all three product lines, power, signal chain and high volume. Embedded Processing revenue increased by 10% from a year ago due to growth in both product lines, processors and connected microcontrollers by about the same amount. In our other segment, revenue declined $57 million from a year ago, primarily due to a move of royalties to OI&E, which Rafael will explain later. Now I'll provide some insight into this quarter's revenue performance by end market versus a year ago. Automotive demand remains strong with most sectors growing double digits. Industrial demand continued to strengthen with broad-based growth. Personal electronics grew compared with a weak year-ago quarter. Communications equipment grew slightly from the year-ago and sequential periods. And then lastly, enterprise systems declined. We continue to focus our strategy on the industrial and automotive markets, which are where we have been allocating our capital and driving initiatives. This is based on a belief that industrial and automotive will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets due to their increasing semiconductor content, and that they will provide diversity and longevity of products which translates to a high terminal value of the portfolio. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.14 billion or 63% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit increased primarily due to higher revenue. Gross profit margin increased 220 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $808 million or 23.8% of revenue, and on a trailing 12-month basis, they were 22.8% of revenue, in the lower half of our model. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.4 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. Acquisition charges were $80 million, all of which was the ongoing amortization of intangibles, which is a non-cash expense. Operating profit was $1.25 billion, or 36.8% of revenue. Operating profit was up 27% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 41.4%, up from 36.6% a year ago. Embedded Processing was 29.9%, up from 25.7% a year ago. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions enable both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth. Net income in the first quarter was $997 million or $0.97 per share, which included an additional $0.08 discrete tax benefit that was not in our original guidance. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $795 million in the quarter. Inventory days were 132, consistent with our long-term model of 105 to 135 days. Capital expenditures were $127 million in the quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, cash flow from operations was $4.76 billion, up 9% from the same period a year ago. Trailing 12-month capital expenditures were $534 million or 4% of revenue. As a reminder, our long-term expectation for capital expenditures is about 4% of revenue. Free cash flow for the past 12 months was $4.22 billion or 30.7% of revenue. Free cash flow was 11% higher than a year ago. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we have said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term and will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to owners. In the first quarter, we paid $500 million in dividends and repurchased $550 million of our own stock for a total return of $1.05 billion. Total cash returned to owners in the past 12 months was $3.82 billion. These combined returns demonstrate our confidence in our business model and our commitment to return excess cash to our owners. Over the last 12 months, we paid $1.76 billion in dividends or 42% of trailing 12-month free cash flow, which demonstrates the affordability and sustainability of our dividend growth. Outstanding share count was reduced by 1% over the past 12 months and has been reduced by 42% since the end of 2004, when we initiated a program designed to reduce our share count. In fact, we have reduced shares every quarter year on year for 52 consecutive quarters. In March, we retired $250 million of debt. This leaves total debt of $3.375 billion with a weighted average coupon rate of 2.32%. Our cash management and tax practices are fundamental to our commitment to return cash. We ended the first quarter with $3.05 billion of cash and short-term investments, with our U.S. entities owning about 80% of our cash. This onshore cash is readily available for multiple uses. Turning to our outlook for second quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $3.4 billion to $3.7 billion and earnings per share in the range of $0.89 to $1.01, which includes an estimated $30 million discrete tax benefit. Before moving to Q&A, there are three changes that I want to explain to help you better understand our first quarter results and our second quarter outlook. The first is to remind you that in the fourth quarter of 2016, we adopted a new GAAP standard that impacts the accounting of taxes for stock-based compensation. While this adoption has no impact on our cash balance, it does result in a discrete tax item that impacts our effective tax rate and earnings per share. To help you model the tax rate and discrete tax items, I am sharing the quarterly assumptions and their impact. We will continue to report how our results differ from our guidance just as we did this quarter. To start with, our operating tax rate for 2017 is estimated to be about 30%, unchanged from previous guidance. This operating tax rate assumes no discrete items and it's what you will need to use as a starting point for your longer term models. Next, we are assuming discrete tax items of about $30 million, $20 million and $10 million in the second, third, and fourth quarters of 2017 respectively. Therefore, the effective tax rates which include discrete tax items translate to about 28%, 29% and 30% in the second, third and fourth quarters respectively. These are the quarterly effective tax rates you should use for your 2017 models. If you do the math using these numbers, you will get an effective tax rate of 27% for the year. I advise you not to use 27% in any quarter as the size of discrete tax items vary quarter to quarter, particularly in first quarter. We will post a chart summarizing our assumptions for these discrete tax items as well as the retrospective impact of this new standard on our website at ti.com/ir. Hopefully providing these discrete tax item assumptions will be a good start in dealing with this new accounting standard. The second item is a GAAP standard that we adopted in the first quarter of 2017 that requires us to report certain pension costs in other income and expense, or OI&E, that were previously reported in OpEx and cost of revenue. This change is small, typically about $15 million of costs in a quarter, with about 70% coming out of OpEx and the balance out of cost of revenue. A chart summarizing these changes and their retrospective impact will be available on our website The last change is also effective first quarter of 2017 and impacts how we handle royalties. We will no longer recognize royalties in revenue. Instead, they will be recorded as income in other income and expense. As Analog and Embedded have become a much larger part of the company, royalties now represent a little less than 1% of our overall revenue. They were about $30 million in the first quarter of 2017, about what they were a year ago. We expect royalties to continue to run generally at about this level for many years into the future. However, given their decreasing significance to our core operations, they are now recorded as other income and expense rather than in revenue as of our first quarter 2017 results. I'm hopeful that spending some extra time talking through these accounting details will help you in understanding our results Now to wrap up, we remain focused on growing free cash flow per share over the long term and investing to strengthen our competitive advantages. We believe our first quarter results continue to demonstrate our progress. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open up the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll take our first question in the queue. This will be from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon, and solid job on the quarterly execution. From a product and end market perspective, it appears that demand is relatively broad based. I'm wondering if you can comment on demand by geographies. I'm assuming that that's also fairly broad based as well, but wanted to see if there were any regions which are exhibiting any weakness.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes, Harlan. Yes, I would say that the demand was very broad based and included regionals. Year over year, revenue was up in Asia, Europe and the U.S. And revenue was about even in Japan from a year ago. You have a follow up?
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, I do. Thanks for that. Auto, a solid market for the team last year with that end market up 23%. I think you mentioned that it's up double digits again in March. You've got a very diversified business here as well. There's been some concern around the global auto markets and the potential for a slowdown, given indications that production and/or demand after two solid years might start to slow. Just wanted to get the team's sense on the health of this market kind of near to midterm.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes. I definitely, as we stated in the opening remarks, that we saw our demand for our products in automotive continued to be strong. And so like you said, we've built that business across a very diverse set of sectors. And in fact, we've got five sectors inside of automotive. So it's diverse not only in the products that we sell into, but it's diverse across customers, across geos. So we feel very good about our position in automotive. And then over the medium and longer term, we think that our pipeline of designs continues to be very strong. And if you look at the average content in a car today, I think most people would put it somewhere between $350 and $400. That's roughly about 1%, or a little more than 1% of the sales price of a car. And I think a lot of analysts inside of a 10-year timeframe have that moving somewhere closer to 2%. So that's we continue to invest in it, and we're really pleased with the position that we've developed so far.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Thanks, Harlan.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We'll now move to Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First I wanted to ask about OpEx. Did that come in in line with your original plan for the quarter or was it different? And how should we think about the OpEx trajectory into Q2?
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes. Thanks for the call. I'll handle that one. On OpEx, everything came in about as expected. What I would tell you, the way you want to think about OpEx, high level, we've talked about our model where we want to run OpEx between 20% and 30% of revenue and in stable markets at the lower end of that, the lower half. And that's exactly what we've been doing for the last couple of years. And in fact, on a trailing 12-month basis, we're just below that. So as you think forward, you should model us along those lines. If you're thinking kind of on a tactical level first to second, I would remind you that second quarter does have three months of higher pay and benefit raises versus only two months in first quarter. So you may have some of that played in kind of similar to what happened last year, maybe a little less than that.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Do you have a follow-on, Stacy?
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yes, yes I do. On your capital management update from a month or two ago, you had given some indicators of where 300-millimeter loading was, but it only went up a little bit in 2016. I think it went from about $2.2 billion year over year to $2.5 billion, so maybe $300 million, suggesting a good amount of headroom left for that transition to continue. How should we expect that trajectory to evolve this year in 2017? Is it just dependent on growth? Is there volume in 200-millimeter that's ramping down as 300-millimeter is ramping up? Like how should we think about where that might end up exiting this year in a normal demand environment?
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yeah, Stacy, in the capital management update, if you remember, we talked about the fact that we've put in place about $8 billion of 300-millimeter capacity. Last year we had, as you stated, about $2.5 billion, so we're in a great position to be able to support growth. And essentially, we've been releasing for sometime now really probably going back to 2010, almost all of our new Analog products to 300-millimeter. So there's some exceptions to that, of course, on some older technologies that don't make sense to do, but the vast majority of them have been released there. So as you think about the Analog business growing, you can think of that incremental growth essentially being built on 300-millimeter. And if you look at last year, that came pretty close to what happened. So we had about $300 million of growth, so it's very consistent with that. So, thank you, Stacy, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We'll now move to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Dave, you were kind enough in your prepared comments to go through end markets in the March quarter on a year over year basis. I think the comm equipment was the only market you gave sequential color. I'm just curious if you can talk a little bit about the sequential growth into March. It was well above seasonal and sort of in the same vein, to your guidance in June, you're guiding below seasonal. So how should we think about that from an end market perspective?
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Okay. So a couple of things. We thought the comms equipment market has been choppy in recent past, so we thought that that would be helpful, and that's why we provided it. If I'd just comment on the other markets sequentially, automotive market, as we said, continued to be strong. It increased with most of the sectors growing. Industrial demand was strong across almost every sector that we ship into. And just as a reminder, we've got 14 different sectors there. I won't put everybody to sleep by going through them, but we do have quite a number of sectors that are inside of that and literally hundreds of end equipment that fit inside of that. So it's very, very broad based. Personal electronics decreased. You usually see that seasonally. And then enterprise systems was about even. So, when we look at our guidance for second quarter, if we're looking at that sequentially, the low end of our guidance would suggest that revenues would be flat. The high end of the guidance suggests that it would be up 9%. And if you look at that, John, on a year on year basis, the low end would be up 4% and the high end would be up 13%. So we think that that's fairly robust growth inside of the second quarter. So you have a follow-on, John?
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yes, that's helpful. And I guess as my follow-on, I might have missed this and I apologize, but did you give an orders number for the quarter? And just in general, how are lead times either of your products or your competitors' products, because there has been some buzz that perhaps lead times within the industry are starting to stretch out?
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes. So orders were up 14% year on year to $3.5 billion. They were up about 2% sequentially. And I think from a lead time standpoint, our lead times have remained stable. And just as important as that, our on-time delivery metrics also remain very high. So our shipping to our commitments that we make to customers remain very high. So with that said, we do have some isolated process and package combinations where lead times have stretched, but we've worked very aggressively on those. So we're very pleased with where we are to be able to keep ahead of demand. Well thank you, John. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We'll now move to Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Great. Thanks for taking my questions. My first one is on inventory, Dave. I guess exiting the quarter, inventory days were at 132 days, toward the high end of your guided range. How comfortable are you with that level? And what are you seeing in terms of the distribution channel?
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes, we are  well, I'll answer our inventory days and then I'll let Dave comment on the disti channel. But we're comfortable with our inventory days. It's well within our range. Always remember inventory days is a backwards looking metric, so what we have it there for is to support growth. And the other key point to remember is as we have focused our strategy more on industrial, automotive and on catalog type of parts, the risk of obsolescence on this part is really minimal. So it makes sense from a longer-term standpoint to have that inventory available to support revenue growth.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes, and from a disti standpoint, Toshiya, we saw our inventory days kind of remain near their current levels, at four weeks. That benefits from our consignment programs we have with our distributors. It actually was down sequentially, and it was down from a year ago. So we think that those are in good shape. Do you have a follow-on?
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Thank you. I just wanted to get your updated thoughts on M&A. You guys have been pretty consistent in the past, and you've pointed to valuation and the lack of opportunities as reasons to stay sidelined, but was hoping you could potentially give us an update there, if any changes.
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes, I'd be happy to comment. The update is no change. It's the same strategy for M&A. We looked at  we're always considering options and looking at things, but it has to be an opportunity that is focused on industrial, it's focused on automotive, catalog type of parts, Analog catalog. So it has to be a good strategic fit from that standpoint. But then the other component that has to be there is that the numbers have to make sense. So when we have both of those combinations, then we are willing to move forward on considering that further.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Thank you, Toshiya. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll move now to Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon, guys. Couple questions from me as well. I guess one, fairly impressive growth in the Analog side. I think it was up like 20% year over year. Is there a way to think about the growth in the segment excluding the consumer side, where I think you may have had somewhat easier comps? Just trying to get a sense of what the baseline number could be on Analog as you go through the year.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes. I think first of all, let me just make a comment at the company level. We talked about that the demand was driven from the strength that we saw in the industrial market as well as automotive. That represented about 70% of the growth, and certainly we did benefit and see growth inside of personal electronics off of the easy compare, as we all remember a year ago that we were working through an inventory correction in that particular end market. So the great news is that's very consistent with what we saw inside of Analog, and so the growth is very, very broad based. So we've got contributions from the industrial market, contributions from the automotive market, and as well as we did see contributions from the personal electronics market. So do you have a follow-on?
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I do. I guess just in the automotive segment, could you just talk about if there's a way to think about maybe what percent of your auto revenues today are infotainment-centric versus more mandate driven around fuel efficiency or battery management or safety? And is there a way to think about the geographic split in the auto business as well? Thank you.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yeah, thanks. That's a great question, Amit, and thanks for the opportunity to comment on it. You know, I think that the great thing that we've been trying to do, or the thing that we've been trying to do and why we're happy with the results, is that our automotive business isn't just built on just either infotainment or an ADAS business. It really is broad based. So when we look at kind of the order of the sizes of those business, the infotainment is the largest. Safety systems is the second, followed by advanced driver assist systems, then power train, which includes hybrid and electric and then body, electronics and lighting. So, and if you dive into any one of those areas, it's not dominated by one technology or one product. And we've got more than half of our 60 to 70 product lines that ship products into the automotive business. So we're very diverse from a product standpoint. We're also very diverse from a geography standpoint as well, so we're really seeing a benefit and additional revenue growth from all of the geos. So thank you, Amit. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: At this time, we'll move to C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Apologies for, I guess first question, I got on a little bit late, so just have a point of clarification. In terms of the royalty commentary, the $30 million, was that included for Q1 as well? So net-net with that, top line would have been $30 million in gross margin, 100% of that $30 million better?
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: And then from here, we should be using that same amount?
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: So the change in royalties was included in our guidance, meaning that the royalties were in other income and expense, just like how they came in in results. And on a go-forward basis, they will stay in other income and expense. So for modeling purposes, you can look at how that other income and expense line came in and then model it similar to that on a go-forward basis.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thank you. And I guess as a follow up, can you walk through some of the work that you're doing on the gross margin side? It sounds like internally, the 75% is not enough and you want to take that higher. And would love to hear what you're working on, and I'm assuming that includes not only front end but back end manufacturing and would love to get an update there, if you could.
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes, sure. As you think of the company on a go forward basis, the biggest driver of our gross margin is revenue, revenue growth. And that's what we're focused on industrial and automotive. Those are the best opportunities that we have ahead of us because of the constant growth of semiconductors in those spaces. Now, beyond revenue growth, then we have 300-millimeter manufacturing, the efficiency of our manufacturing, particularly with 300 millimeter. As you probably recall from the capital management strategy, I walked through why 300-millimeter is such a competitive advantage, and that's because the cost of the chip is significantly less. In fact, it's 40% less at the chip level than on 200-millimeter. So what that translates to is not just higher gross margin but more importantly, higher free cash flow, And then free cash flow per share that we can return to the owners of the company.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Okay. Thank you, C.J., and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And the next question will be Chris Danely with Citi.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Thanks, guys. I'm going to use up my first question on just a couple of revenue clarifications. So in response to an earlier question on the, I guess the stronger than expected revenue, so are you telling us that your automotive business was responsible for the upside in Q1 on revenue and comm was a little weak? And then on the Q2 guide, you're basically guiding up like 4.5%. That's below seasonality and also below what you guided sequentially for last year. So you're not seeing any weakness or no change in the Q2 forecasts over the last like month?
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes. So the first is that our revenue came inside of our guidance, and so we didn't really have any surprises there. If you look at all of the businesses and if you look at the end markets, we really saw strength across the board, Chris. So there really wasn't an area that we would point to that singularly drove the revenues in the quarter or from the midpoint of the guidance, if you will. So very broad based overall. And then secondly, again, I think going back to John's question, when we look at our sequential growth rates of kind of the low end of flat to up 9% or on a year on year basis of 4% to 13%, we think that that's a pretty strong second quarter. So do you have a follow-on?
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes. Just a longer-term question. I think you've talked about currently being outfitted for somewhere around $18 billion in revenue capacity. What sort of revenue level would you start to need to order more equipment? I assume you wouldn't wait until you're 100% utilized before you start to put those orders in. Is it 90% utilization, 95%? Maybe give us some color there.
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Well, I'll give you some color and then I'll let Dave chime in. But, we think of our strategy, as stated in the capital management strategy for many years, is that we want to add capacity well ahead of demand. And that's because this is an asymmetrical bet. This capacity we can buy. When we buy that way, we can buy used equipment and we can buy it at pennies on the dollar where the carrying cost is minimal but the upside potential is tremendous for the reasons that I talked about earlier and the great fall through that we get to free cash flow. So we're thinking longer term, 10, 15 years out when we're making capacity decisions.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes, and I'll just add, Chris, like you pointed out, we had a little over $13 billion in revenue last year. We've got just under about $6 billion of open 300-millimeter capacity. We have open 200-millimeter capacity inside of that footprint. So we've got plenty of room to grow for some time. But like Rafael said, if we had the opportunity tomorrow to buy another wafer fab or make a large purchase and it was at the right price, we'd make that move, because it is an asymmetrical bet. So thank you, Chris, and we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: We'll now move to Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question and maybe I'll ask the same related question here. When you look at the guidance, well actually if you just look at the overall business, you're not the only ones seeing double digit year over year growth in all of your businesses. Even if you've taken out personal electronics, the rest of the business is up strong. And the commentary actually suggests that it remains strong. So I guess kind of two parts here. One, how do you foot the gap between what, I know there is content gains in semis, but between what some of the end markets are doing, what's your perspective as you look out the rest of the year? Do you think the semi market is a little ahead of itself? And then I guess as you look at your June guidance, did you guys apply any sort of conservatism to that guidance to account for anything along those lines?
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes, so I think if you walk through the end markets, Blayne, as we've commented, automotive has remained strong. You saw that that business last quarter had grown at over 20%. It's been growing very strongly for some time. And again, that business and that growth isn't built on just one OEM or one car model or one end market. So it's very, very diverse, and we feel good about that positioning. When you look at the industrial market, that strength has continued to build. So we're seeing that come in nicely. We already talked about the personal electronics markets and some of the other markets in detail. So again, that strength, and as you pointed out, is broad based. Others are seeing it as well. So kind of on the other thing is, to your question, are we double ordering or seeing inventories build. I'd just make the comment that overall the economy does feel a little stronger than it did a year ago. However, it's really still to be seen to what extent will we see this growth over a longer period of time. So, we have no indications that inventories are growing or double ordering, but I'll also point out that history suggests that you never really see that ahead of time, right? So I think it's important to qualify what we can see. I mentioned earlier our lead times have remained stable. When you look into inventory, we've got good visibility into distribution inventory, and as I commented earlier, that remains steady, about four weeks. It's down sequentially. It's down from a year ago. So we think that's in real good shape. Our visibility into customer inventories really varies depending on if they're on consignment or not. So on consigned OEMs, we've got great visibility into their inventory because we're holding it on our books, actually our inventory, and they pull it only when they need it. And we're not seeing any unusual signs there, so things like expedites and things like that that would suggest that there's an issue overall. And our visibility into inventory, of course beyond our customers' manufacturing operations and down in their channels, of course is very low. So, as we have been doing for a long time with our manufacturing, our internal inventory strategies, we'll just stay focused on keeping lead times steady, and delivery metrics very high, because that's ultimately what gives customers confidence, that they can get support from us when they need it. Do you have a follow-on?
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great and I apologize. I missed the very beginning, so if you already said this, I apologize. But in terms of your guidance, I kind of get gross margins flattish, maybe down a little bit. I just wanted to make sure that that's the right range.
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: The way I would comment on that is, we have said before that our revenues fall through between 70% and 75%. So if you do that math on a sequential basis, you'll get somewhere close to where you need to be.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Okay. Thank you. And we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: I'm sorry. We'll take a question now from David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much. You talked about how your investment priorities were in industrial and automotive. Can you give us some idea within automotive, are there specific types of products or specific capabilities that you're directing your investments at?
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes, David. As I mentioned before, we're very intentionally trying to make investments across a very broad number of areas. So they include things that are very popular like ADAS systems and infotainment systems, but also embody electronics and lighting. So we've commented before that that includes areas like turn signals. There's a couple of dollars of content in an LED turn signal and our sales teams get pretty excited about things like that. But also sensors on door handles and inside of the infotainment system, the touch buttons to control the AC or the audio system, haptic systems that may sit inside of the steering wheel or in driver's seats, and LED lighting inside of a car. There's a lot of areas. So we're really trying to direct that investment to be very, very broad based. Do you have a follow-on, David?
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes. Well, similarly for industrial, you mentioned the 14 areas you were going to bore us with. Are there any additional areas on top of the 14 that you will be able to go into because of your investments?
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes, so I'll resist the temptation to bore you and run you through those. But if I just take one like Medical, as an example, that sits inside of there, there's literally hundreds of end equipment that will sit inside of medical. And if you think of at the high end, there may be a magnetic resonance imaging machine that may sell for millions of dollars, and then all the way down at the other end, you have a blood glucose meter that may sell for less than $50. So we actually have over 100 different end equipments that will sit inside of a sector like medical, and as we make investments, we look to funnel those investments, not just in one area like something like factory automation and control, as an example. We really want to funnel those investments on a very broad basis. So thank you, David, and we can go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We'll now move to Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes. Thank you. My first question on lead times. So you mentioned your lead times are very stable. You're maybe seeing some stretch in certain specific areas. But if you look at the general environment, does it feel like the supply chain is overly nervous about getting product, or does it feel like it's pretty controlled?
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes, Tore. Again, I can really only speak for what we see and what we're doing. And again, I think we're advantaged because we've got a large portion of our revenues on consignment, so we're actually controlling that inventory up and to the point that it gets pulled. We also, for many customers, we'll get long-term forecasts. Those consignment forecasts literally sometimes can be on an hourly basis, but certainly on a daily or weekly basis and typically go out for six months in some cases. Now that doesn't mean that they can't change very quickly, and we've seen that before in the past and they can strengthen or weaken and that usually happens very quickly. So again, our lead times are remaining very stable besides those isolated areas that we're working very aggressively to fix. The vast majority of our products remain stable. Do you have a follow-on, Tore?
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes. That's very helpful. As a follow up, I think you mentioned industrial strengthening. So I assume that means it's going to be up more in June than it was in March. And again, is that strength broad based, or is there any region that's waking up a little bit more than others? And I'm especially thinking about China, because there's been some recent weakness there. I'm just wondering if that region is holding up as well in industrial.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yeah, Tore, the comment was around the quarter that we reported, and we've seen industrial strengthen now for a number of quarters in a row. Our guidance for the second quarter, we just provide the top level and EPS. If there is anything that's unusual going on in an end market, we always provide that color to be helpful. And we haven't had to provide that obviously for second quarter. So thank you, and I think we've got time for one more caller, please.
Operator: The question will be from with Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. I had a question on R&D and as it relates to OpEx. Rafael, you kind of articulated that the OpEx will be in the band that you have provided in the past, so no change there. But R&D on a year over year basis in absolute dollars has been growing, and in your last filing, you mentioned that you would be reallocating from manufacturing as well as SG&A into R&D. So just kind of like a two-part question is, one, what should be the trajectory of R&D as we model through the year? And then kind of related to that, qualitatively if you could help us understand where the focus is for the R&D investment. Thank you.
Rafael R. Lizardi - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes. Let me address the second part of that question first. That's clear, we've been focusing on industrial and on automotive. That's where we have been biasing our investments for a number of years, and that's why we're getting strong results in both of those end markets. Now over half of our revenue is coming from industrial and automotive, so those investments are paying off. On your first part of your question, I would take you back to my earlier comments. We like, our stated goal or model is 20% to 30% OpEx. I know you're asking about R&D, but we like to look at it as OpEx because there are a lot of pieces there that we think of as investments, investments in sales, in the sales force, in ti.com, and a few other things that help us build those competitive advantages. So OpEx 20% to 30% in stable times, in the bottom half of that, so 20% to 25%, and we have been running like that for now 27 months. So you should think about that way when you're modeling our OpEx. Dave, you want to add?
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Yes, I'll just add, Ambrish. As you know, when we look at making investments, whether it's in R&D or in OpEx, as we pointed out in our capital management presentation that we gave earlier, investing in the businesses is a top priority. So, and what we're try to do, as Rafael indicated by market, but we also want to strengthen our four competitive advantages. So those include the first one which is manufacturing and technology, ensuring that we're developing great process technologies and strengthening our position with 300-millimeter. The breadth of the portfolio is the second, and we've talked about that a lot and how that plays out through industrial and automotive. The third is the reach of our marketing channels and strengthening that, and that continues to be our investments in ti.com as well as how that's coupled with our sales force and apps teams. And then we want all those things to lead to the diversity and longevity, and that will lead to good free cash flow per share growth, and that's really what we want to do. Did you have a follow-up?
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): No, that was it. Thank you very much.
David Pahl - Texas Instruments Incorporated: Okay. Well thank you all for joining us tonight and a replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: And again, that does conclude today's call. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-24 17:30:00) =====
Executives: David Pahl - VP and Head of IR Kevin March - SVP, CFO Rafael Lizardi - Co-CFO
Analysts: Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Chris Danely - Citigroup Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Romit Shah - Nomura Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments 4Q'16 and 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead.
David Pahl: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our fourth quarter '16 and 2016 earnings conference call. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our Web site at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the Web, and can be accessed through our Web site. A replay will be available through the Web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TIs results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TIs most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. As usual, Kevin March, TI's Chief Financial Officer is with me today. Also with me is Rafael Lizardi, who will become our Chief Financial Officer, February 1st. Rafael joined TI in 2001, and was named Vice President in 2010, followed by Corporate Controller in 2012. He holds a Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering from the U.S. Military Academy of West Point, and Masters in Business of Administration from Stanford University. As you know, Kevin, who has been our CFO for 13 years, plans to retire later this year. During his tenure as CFO, TI's free cash flow per share has grown in average of 13% annually. Our dividend has increased by a factor of 24%, and our share count has been reduced by 42%. Weve all benefitted and learned a lot from his disciplined financial management and his commitment to ensure that owners of TI's shares get a good return on their investment. Kevin will continue to be with TI until October 2017 to transition his duties between himself and Rafael. I dont want to get too sentimental, but as this is Kevin's final earnings call, I want to say what a pleasure it's been for me to know and to work with him. TI is clearly a better Company because of his leadership. I will say he has an outstanding successor. I worked with Rafael for the past decade, and look forward to continue to work with him in his new role as CFO. With that, before I review the quarter, let me provide some information thats important to calendars. We plan to hold a call to update our capital management strategy on February 8th at 10:00 AM Central time. Similar to what we've done in the past, Rafael and I will provide some insight into our strategy. In today's earnings call, Rafael, will cover the capital management portion of our prepared remarks and Kevin and I will cover the rest. Now, let's start with the quick summary of our financial results. Revenue for the fourth quarter increased 7% from a year-ago, as demand for our products remained strong in the automotive market. The improvement we saw in the third quarter in the industrial market continues. Demand in personal electronics market was down slightly from a year-ago. I'll elaborate more on our end markets in a few moments. In our core businesses, Analog revenue grew 10% and Embedded Processing grew 6% compared with the same quarter a year ago. Operating margin increased in both businesses. Earnings per share were $1.02, and included $0.14 for items that were not in our original guidance for the quarter. With that back-drop, I will now provide details on our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of TIs business model. In the fourth quarter, our cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion. We believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long-term. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-months period was $4.1 billion, up 6% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin was 30.5% of revenue, up from 29.6% a year ago. We continue to benefit from an improved product portfolio that is long-lived and diverse, and the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, which includes our growing 300 millimeter Analog output and the opportunistic purchases of assets ahead of demand. We also believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it's productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders. In 2016, we returned $3.8 billion of cash to owners through a combination of dividends and repurchases. Turning to our segments, Analog revenue grew 10% from the year ago quarter. Revenue increased due to power management, high-performance Analog, and Silicon Valley Analog. High-volume Analog in logic was about even. Embedded Processing increased 6% from the year ago quarter due to processors and micro-controllers. Connectivity also grew. In our other segment, revenues declined 9% from a year ago quarter due to royalties and custom ASIC products. DLP products and calculators were about even. For the year, in total, Analog was up 2% and Embedded was up 8%. Combined, they grew 4% on broad-based growth and were 86% of TIs revenue for the year. Weve recently simplified the product lines inside our two business segments, Analog and Embedded. To align by product categories, our customers think about. Making it easier for customers to search and select products is becoming increasingly important in all of our markets, but particularly in industrial. Analog is now comprised of three product lines instead of four. These are power, signal chain and high-volume Analog in logic. Embedded goes from three product lines to two. Connected MCU, which merges connectivity and micro-controllers and processors, which is essentially unchanged. All of these changes are at the product line levels. Nothing changes at the segment level. To help you understand this structure, for 2016 within our Analog business, power would have been about 45% of Analog revenue, signal chain would have been about 35% and high volume in Analog and logic would have been the remaining 20%. Inside our embedded business, connected MCU would have been about 55% of embedded revenue with processors comprising the remaining 45%. Starting in our first quarter '17 earnings call, well use these product lines in describing the performance of our business segments. Now, let me describe our performance by end-market for 2016. This is a reminder we annually provide an estimate of TIs revenue by end markets. We breakeven to six categories; industrial, automotive, personal electronics, where this includes products such as PCs, mobile phones, tablets and TVs, communications equipment, enterprise systems and other, which is primarily calculators. Specifically, in 2016, industrial comprised 33% of our revenue, up 2 points from 2015. Automotive was 18% of our revenue, up 3 points. Personal electronics was 26%, down 4 points. Communications equipment and enterprise systems were 13% and 6% respectively, both year and to last year, while other was about 4%. We did not have a customer that was more than 10% of our revenue in 2016. For those of you who have followed TI for several years, you know that weve been highly focused on a strategy where weve been allocating our capital and weve been driving initiatives to increase our market share and industrial and automotive. This is based on a belief that industrial and automotive will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets due to their increasing semiconductor content, and that they provide the diversity and longevity of products which translates to high terminal value of the portfolio. In 2016, industrial and automotive combined made up 51% of TIs revenue, up from 44% just two years ago. We have established momentum in these markets, but we are far from satisfied, and are continuing to make improvements, such as aligning our product lines in the way our customers search and select for TI products. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin March: Thanks, Dave and good afternoon, everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.13 billion or 62.5% of revenue. Gross profit increased primarily due to higher revenue and lower manufacturing costs. From a year ago, gross profit margin increased to 400 basis points. Operating expenses were $754 million or 22.1% of revenue. Over the last 12 months, weve invested $1.37 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. Acquisition charges were $80 million, all of which for the ongoing amortization of intangibles, which is a non-cash expense. Restructuring charges and other was $20 million net benefit, which includes a gain related to intellectual property agreement and a charge associated with realignment of our product lines, which Dave previously mentioned. Operating profit was $1.32 billion or 38.6% of revenue. Operating profit was up 15% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 42.8%, up from 38.0% a year ago. Embedded Processing was 28.2%, an improvement of 480 basis points from year ago. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions enable both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth. Also, we signed several intellectual property agreements, which had total benefits of $228 million in the quarter. We recognize $188 million in other income and expense or OIE, and $40 million in the restructuring charges and other. Neither revenue nor gross profit was impacted by these agreements. Net income in the fourth quarter was $1.05 billion or $1.02 per share, which included a $0.14 benefit for items not in our prior outlook. These included $0.14 benefit for several intellectual property agreements, one set tax benefit related to the new accounting standards for stock compensation, and $0.01 restructuring charge. This quarter, we adopted a new GAAP standard that changes where we report tax consequences of employee stock compensation. When employee stock compensations are exercised or when restricted stock units test, either in excess tax benefit or deficiency maybe generated. The previous standard required that amount to be recognized in equity on the balance sheet. The new standard requires that amount to be recognized in incomes taxes on the income statement, impacting net income and EPS. In the fourth quarter 2016, this created a benefit of $0.01 per share and for the year a benefit of $0.13 per share. Ill also note that this accounting standard increases the diluted share count calculation by about 5 million shares. Ill now ask Rafael to comment on our capital management results.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Kevin. Let me start with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.39 billion in the quarter. Inventory days were 126, consistent with our long-term model of 105 to 135 days. Capital expenditures were $110 million in the quarter. In 2016, cash flow from operations was $4.61 billion, up 5% from the same period a year ago. For the year, capital expenditures were $531 million or 4% of revenue. As a reminder, our long-term expectation for capital expenditures is about 4% of revenue. This includes the expansion of our 300 millimeter Analog capacity. Free cash flow for the year was $4.08 billion or 30.5% of revenue. Free cash flow was 6% higher than a year ago. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we have said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long-term. And will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business, or returned to shareholders. Our intent overtime remains to return all of our free cash flow, plus any proceeds we received from exercises of equity compensation minus net debt retirement. This commitment is unchanged. In the fourth quarter, we paid $499 million in dividend, and repurchased $475 million of our stock for a total return of $974 million. Total cash return to owners in 2016 was $3.78 billion. This combined return demonstrates our confidence in our business model, and our commitment to return excess cash to our owners. Over the last 12 months, we paid $1.65 billion in dividend or 40% of trailing 12 months free cash flow. Outstanding share count was reduced by 1.5% over the past 12 months, and by 42% since the end of 2004 when we initiated a program designed to reduce our share count. In fact, we have reduced shares every quarter year-on-year for 51 consecutive quarters. In the fourth quarter, we passed an important milestone, reducing our outstanding share count to fewer than 1 billion shares, or more specifically, 996 million shares. Our cash management and tax practices are fundamental to our commitment to return cash. We ended the fourth quarter with $3.49 billion of cash and short-term investments, with our U.S. entities owning about 80% of our cash. This on-shore cash is readily available for multiple uses. I will now turn it back to Kevin to close out our prepared remarks.
Kevin March: Thanks, Rafael. Our orders in the quarter were $3.44 billion, up 11% from a year ago. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenues to be in the range of $3.17 billion to $3.43 billion in the first quarter. We expect first quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.78 to $0.88, which includes a $0.04 tax benefit related to the adoption of the new GAAP standards that I mentioned earlier. Acquisition charges, which are a non-cash amortization charges, will remain about even and holds about $80 million per quarter through the third quarter of 2019. It will then declines about $50 million per quarter for two additional years. Our expectation for our annual effective tax rate in 2017 is about 30%, and this is the tax rate you should use for the first quarter and for the year. In closing, I'll note that growth in our industry in 2016 was moderate again this year. However, our advantages in manufacturing of technology, portfolio grade to market reach and diverse and long-lived product positions, enabled important milestones in the year. These include solid revenue growth in our core businesses of Analog and Embedded, expansion of 300 millimeter Analog production, gross margin improvement of 340 basis points, operating margin improvement of 300 basis points, free cash flow margin improvement of 90 basis points, and continued free cash flow per share growth. We will continue to feed advantageous through disciplined capital allocation by focusing on the best growth opportunities, which I believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth for our very long-time to come. Before, I turn it back to Dave and start the Q&A I want to say it's been a pleasure to work with all of you. I thank you for the time you've invested in understanding TIs performance and strategy, and I wish you all the best. While you will continue to have the benefit of working with our industry's finest Investor Relations Director, I'm confident when I say that you will also come to appreciate Rafael's integrity and intelligence as our new CFO, and you will come to truly enjoy working with him as well just as I have for all these year. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
David Pahl: Thank you, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask question, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Kevin.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Well take our first question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Your automotive business grew 23% in 2016, obviously very solid results. Can you guys just help us understand, of the five sub-segments within the auto, what areas drove the more strength?
Kevin March: And as you noted, automotive did grow over 20%. The great news is that wasnt due to one segment. And I can see that that growth was very diverse, it was diverse across the five sectors that we saw. It was diverse across customers, and is also was very diverse across different product lines. So, we really are excited about the opportunity of both automotive and industrial, and were just very pleased that the investments that we made are really kind of providing a base from which we can grow upon. Do you have follow on?
Harlan Sur: Yes, I do. Thank you for that. If I look at the recent SIA industry data, total analog is likely to be up above 5% this year, above $47 billion -- in 2016, your analog business was up about 2% last year, but obviously the growth was impacted by a largest customer that have an inventory correction last year. If you shift this out, does the team think that they gained analog market share, and if so in which of the sub-segments? Thank you.
Kevin March: I think that when we look at our peers with the publicly reported data, we actually believe that weve performed quite well. So, were probably earlier in the reporting season, so weve got a few more to of our peers to put their numbers up. But were very confident that we performed very well. So, thank you for that question. And well go to next caller please.
Operator: Well go next to Chris Danely with Citi. Go ahead please.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks guys. And Kevin congratulations on the next Phase, thanks for being patient -- I think the real reason youre leaving is youve got tired of winning for TI to hit my $12 stock price, so -- thats a joke for all of you who are listening. If you could just list, I guess, the margin drivers and maybe rank them from here as far as how much room or how much leverage you have in terms of mix versus 300 millimeter versus utilization rates versus depreciation?
Kevin March: I hope not to revisit that $12 stock price youre talking about. Margin drivers, going forward, I think that there will be several things happening. I think weve enjoyed the last couple of years. Depreciation coming down same time that 300 millimeter starts to be going up. And those sort of have been tailwinds for us in the last couple of years. As we go forward, depreciation is probably going to begin to flat out there on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Theyll still be down next year versus 2016, but nearly as much that weve seen. What's the lot more important is the continued expansion of 300 millimeter production, as well as the continued improvement of the mix of products that we are shipping. You heard us again talk for a number years about focusing our investments in auto and industrial. And frankly, the margin opportunities in those spaces are very attractive. And still between the mix of products, but importantly, the increasing starts of products on 300 millimeter capacity, there is still room for us to continue to see overall margin growth. And thats before we even talked about revenue growth, where this revenue growth just gives us leverage on that capacity that weve been investing for these past couple of years. And with depreciation being as low as I was talking about, what that really means is under-utilization charges of negligible. And so really, it's just about fall-through from revenue straight to the bottom line, and that will especially happen to cash flow.
Chris Danely: And so my follow-up longer term question on OpEx. So, if we look at year-over-year, your SG&A trended down a little bit. R&D was up. You guys have said you were going to -- little more money into R&D, assuming revenue continues to grow. What can we expect from R&D and SG&A on a yearly basis? Do you feel comfortable with the level of R&D as it is right here, and could we expect SG&A to continue to trend down as a percentage of revenue, assuming overall revenue growth?
Kevin March: Yes, Chris. Thats a really good question. The last couple of years OpEx has on annual base run about 23% of revenue, and as you noted we have been internally reallocated resources pretty more percent to the R&D areas. That will continue for next couple of quarters and begin to stabilize, and I would expect in 2017 all things being equal will still up at around 23% of OpEx of revenue. Keep in mind that -- we expect our OpEx to probably fluctuate between 20% and 30% on very weak markets and that'd be as high as 30%. And in very strong markets, I might be wrong as low as 20% kind of stable markets we're in right now. I think the OpEx percent you've seen in the last two years is what you expect to get forward for the next year or two.
David Pahl: Right, thanks Chris. And well go to the next caller please.
Operator: We'll go next to Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead please.
Joe Moore: I wonder, if you talk about the change to the analog sub-segments as in particular Silicon Valley Analog is a category going only. Does that signify any from a business standpoint in terms of the integration of the old national business? Should we think if there being any structural change to goes along with that?
Kevin March: It has nothing to do with analog business, thats simply a question of realigning our products to the way that we have come to understand and our customer preferred to look for them when they trying to find products here at TI. And so, if you look at the categories that we've lined up with up as Power, we have Signal Chain and we have High Volume Analog & Logic. And thats really how we have learned our customers preferred to sort of fine products at TI. And so thats allows us to give them better and faster support. The Silicon Valley Analog products along with High Performance Analog that's been reallocated among those segment of those new products lines that we've just talked about. So consequently, the best way to think about this is how do we react faster and more thoroughly to increase and searches for products in our portfolio. For the balance portfolio like ours, it's really important for us to be sure that we are aligned as efficiently as possible for customer to get to the parts they need more.
Joe Moore: Okay, great thats helpful. Thats helpful thank you. And then just returning to the growth in autos, I guess we see the peer group is growing sort of high single digits maybe little bit better, so obviously you are growing quite a bit faster in autos than other analog companies. Should we think of that is being sort of sustainable gains? Or just how do you -- is anything you kind of help us understand why that was such a good number? And what should we expect going forward?
Kevin March: Joe, this isn't -- as you know and you have been tracking our revenues inside of that market for some time. It's not something that is capping this quarter, right. We have been having very strong growth inside of automotive and that is a result of how we allocate capital. We have for some time been directing investments and increases both in automotive and industrial. And thats because we think that those are the two markets that are going to provide growth, not just for us but in our industry. So -- and as you know, these are long tail type of design wins and revenue strength. And we are very intentional as I mentioned earlier trying to direct our investments, so we are not just seeing growth in one sector or at one customer. So, thats what we are trying to do. So thanks for that question. We will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Romit Shah with Nomura. Go ahead please.
Romit Shah: Yes, Kevin, congratulations on your retirement, all the best. I wanted ask Dave, did you gave us channel inventory, how much supply your distributors are carrying in the quarter?
David Pahl: I havent but I would certainly can, inventory was even with the Eureco [ph] and decreased by about a half of week sequentially. And it's still running at around four weeks in the channel. And I just also have a reminder that that number benefits because of our consignment programs that we have in place with our distributors.
Romit Shah: You guys talked about moderate growth again last year, but there has been I guess talk more recently about stimulus better GDP growth under the new administration. And I'm curious, how do you think your distributors would react under that scenario? Do you think it's -- do you guys think about it as your distributors restocking as a major driver for this year?
Kevin March: Romit, I dont think that we're quite that precise on that kind of thinking as how distributors might react. We look at the talk of stimulus with some anticipation of the positive boost to the economy, but frankly we think it's probably too early to figure out what that might be and how might manifest it itself. A lot of that stimulus seems to be focused towards infrastructure, and so if in fact just wind up there that with the further benefit on our industrial portfolio. More important to us as to watch what's happening on the tax front, and hopefully we will finally get some tax relief out of Washington, which will be a significant benefit to our shareholders.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, Romit, I'll just add that if you look as I said inventory was even with where we ended last year, it was actually down sequentially. So reflected in our numbers really has no restocking inside of it. And I would just say that the inventory levels that they have, the inventory levels that we have, just reflect an environment where we've got good product availability. And because of our investments in capacity ahead of demand, if these things do show up and turn into more significant growth going forward, we're ready to be able to support that. So, thank you Romit and will go to the next caller please.
Operator: We'll go next to Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Go ahead please.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for letting me ask the question. And first Kevin congrats and to Rafael too congrats on the promotion. Looking at the Analog business in the fourth quarter Dave, it was up 10% year-over-year, but you said HVAL was flat. I was little surprised that that side being flat and the remainder must have been up a good 13% to 15% year-over-year. Can you talk a little bit about what the drivers were that created such a delta between those segments?
David Pahl: Yes, so I think if you look at year-over-year by end market, personal electronics was down slightly due to mobile phones. So, if you back out mobile phones the actually personal electronics was up slightly, so that was the main reason that we saw that. You could kind of see that inside of our Analog. And that weakness in mobile phones was not just inside of HVAL, but you've saw that to a lesser extent inside the Power.
Ross Seymore: On the OpEx side of your equation, I know, Kevin, you answered some questions about the R&D remaining elevated. If we think in the first quarter traditionally that goes up for just beginning of the year reasons by about 5%. Is that about the right area we should think OpEx changing sequentially in 1Q or is it different issue due to that reallocation.
Kevin March: No, I wouldnt expect anything particularly different. The reallocation is mostly coming out of SG&A as we go forward, so it's just the mix coming out of that. So, total OpEx will continue to increase as you know seasonally in first quarter because of the absence holidays in the fourth quarter as well as the annual pay and benefit increases that we fully across our company in first quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Go ahead please.
Stacy Rasgon: Around the gross margin drives particularly 300 millimeters, you seem to be talking about that is probably the biggest driver on a go forward basis structurally. Can you talk to about us in terms of where you are on 300 millimeter utilization versus a year ago particularly given the amount of extension that you are doing? How much I guess room do you still have to grow there? And how does that compare to where you were a year ago?
Kevin March: Yes, Stacy, I think that we have talked about between Richardson factory, which we call RFAB and the PMOS6 in Dallas location. If combined, we have about $8 billion of revenue generating capacity in those factories combined. We have continued to increase starts meaningfully on 300 millimeter for analog. And that is really going to be picking up pace more and more the new products that we are released and are being released on 300 millimeter. And the economics as you all aware are very compelling, I mean the bottom line is the chip costs are about 40% less from 300 millimeters versus 200 millimeters. So, the total finished products about 20% less, which add meaningfully, not only to gross margins but especially free cash flow. So thats a small space, we want to repeat it. So, again our starts continue to increase, and we continue to have a lot of capacity available to us. But more importantly, we have a lot of new devices and the pipeline being released onto 300 millimeter, and that all coming together will probably continue to accelerate the rate of starts and therefore we also will get from that manufacturing market.
David Pahl: I'll just add Stacy as a seamless plug for our capital management call. Rafael and I'll cover more that detail in our capital management call.
Stacy Rasgon: For my follow-up, I want to touch a bit on the accounting changes, and it seems to be influencing both the earnings as well as the share count. The diluted share count went up this quarter for the first time, and for everybody it sounds like, it was boosted by 500 million shares or so like because of the accounting change. So how should we think about that I guess going to 2017? Is it still something like a $0.03 or $0.04 per quarter benefits that's going to sort of sustain kind of into perpetuity? And in terms of share count, was it sort of like a one-time step-up? And should we still think about shares declining going forward even given I guess the increased dividends to reduced buybacks?
Kevin March: So, Stacy, just a little more background on this gap change, it's going to impact all companies beginning $11 implemented being in the first quarter 2017 reported. So, we are basically only adopted by one quarter. The idea is trying to help with the better comparability for 2016 or '17. That being said, it does cause reported earnings to increase because of this tax benefit. It also met medical requires you compete with your share count differently and so added about 5 million shares to the share count just complaint to new calculation rules. In 2016, had we applied to the same gap at the beginning of the year, it would have added $0.04 to the first quarter, $0.03 for the second quarter, $0.04 for the third quarter and added a penny to the fourth quarter for total of $0.13 for the year. The way that we would recommend that you model for purposes of analyzing a company going forward is somewhat we are doing and that is just look at what happened last year and used that same sort of assumption for next year. I am pretty sure that will wind up be in different when we close the books on those assumptions, but thats the best way to model. So consequently, we had $0.04 that would have occurred in the first quarter 2016, and the guidance that we just offered for the first quarter 2017 is included $0.04, and we would suggest as it same thing.
David Pahl: Stacy, let me just add to that that are -- for looking at next year our commitment, our capital management strategy and the discipline execution of that strategy remains unchanged. Our target is to return all of our free cash to the owners of the Company. And with the dividend model that we announced last quarter, it provides a more reverse framework to adjust allocation between -- of that return between dividend growth and share repurchases.
Operator: We'll go next to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Go ahead please.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. And I wanted to wish congratulations and good luck to Kevin and welcome to Rafael. So my first question, I know it's early days, but can you share any views on impact from any potential borrowed tax rate change or conversely any lowering of the U.S. corporate tax rate? What would TI do differently, if either of these two things were to happen?
Kevin March: Vivek, this is very speculative at this stage because clearly you can see just from reported press, so there is difference with opinions as to what kind of tax policies to employ between the President and the Congress. So, I think it's little bit hard for us to be able to characterize what that might do. What I can say is that any form of relief will be beneficial directed to our shareholders because that will simply expand our free cash flow. And as Rafael just commented, our commitment remains as it has been, best to return on 100% of free cash flow to our shareholder through dividend and stock not buybacks. So, any form whether it's borrower tax adjustments or actual lowering of the overall tax brackets clearly will be beneficial to our shareholders, and I am looking forward to seeing that happen.
David Pahl: You have follow on to that?
Vivek Arya: Yes, thanks Dave. Last quarter, you mentioned that it's seems like it's been in at 3% to 4% growth, but then you grew 7% in Q4 and you are guiding to 10% plus in Q1. I understand part of it is probably just normalization at one of your larger customers. But what is driving the upside, is it sustainable? Are we now in a 7% plus growth or like what's the change this year to deter us from that kind of growth trajectory?
Kevin March: Yes. So, first Vivek, Ill just point out that when we look at the overall microenvironment, we really dont see something that has significantly changed in sometime. So, we continue to believe that we're operating in a very similar microenvironment that we have, that we haven't been If you look at inside of the quarter, demand came in stronger, really across most markets in businesses. The only notable exception as I talked about before was personal electronic came in about as we expected. And to your point, we are seeing choppiness in particular markets. Some of that more recently has been driven by one large customer. You can go back to clock not too long ago into last year we saw some choppiness in comps equipment before that we had a PC, XP refresh cycle that came to an end. And none of those were really tighter the overall economy, there was just very specific things going on within specific market. So, that's really the environment that we thing that we're operating in now. So, thank you and we'll go to next caller please.
Operator: Next is John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Go ahead please.
John Pitzer: Thanks for letting me ask the question and I'll chime in with my congratulations to Kevin. Kevin, I guess my first question is just looking at the up margins on the embedded business. You did a great job throughout calendar year 2016, as you grew that business to drive leverage and upside to the operating margins, but there is still a pretty healthy gap between the up margins and embedded and those in Analog. Is that still just the matter of getting more scale in the embedded business? Or how do we think about those up margins closing overtime.
Kevin March: John, I think that's quite I think about it is, but we have been talking about for number of years, which means you set up investments in that area in number of years back. And then we readjust the investments especially for the base stations marketplaces, and since then we think we've got the investment that was about right. So, it really is a question of continuing to get leverage from revenue grown. Falling always through to up margins you pointed up, but again what we focused on that falls through on a free cash flow, and that's a real focus. So, there is nothing inherent that keeps it from continuing to improve in fact I would not be surprise to see as the team there continue to improve on that as they to put me understand where leverage capability they have on the investment base they have right now.
John Pitzer: Yes, this is my follow-on. I apologize for asking, but a lot of my questions were already asked and answered. But just on the other revenue line, maybe if you look at your revenue holistically overtime, it's become significantly less volatile but that other bucket has jumped around a lot on quarter-on-quarter. And Dave, let me be just give us some guidance from these levels how we should think about kind of seasonality or the cadence of the other rep going forward?
David Pahl: Yes, I think if you look for -- look at it for the full year, it decreased 3% year-on-year. And as we talked about before when you look at the history, it had decline more or like in the mid-teens and that was primarily as the legacy wireless products had on loaned. And we expect kind of going forward that we would be somewhere in a mid-single digit decline. There is seasonality inside of the other business it's driven primarily by calculators, they have a very strong seasonality due to back to school and then we also have royalties inside there that can choppy every once in a while. So those are the types of things, but overall when you look at much like this year we saw a 3% decline just probably similar to what we would expect to see going forward.
Operator: The next is the Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. Go ahead please.
Ambrish Srivastava: Kevin, congratulations on your next phase of life and you've been nothing but an absolute pleasure in all the dealings we have had to do, so thank you for that. My first question Dave is on the industrial business, auto is a great business for you, over the years you have been consistently outgrowing the industry, but automotive is a $4 billion business. And I think a year ago, I had given you not really a lot of hard time, but I had asked you why the business didnt grow last year? So that was in 2015, but you are growing this business again at a pretty decent rate almost 10%, so what are some of the areas that are driving that growth?
David Pahl: Ambrish, actually, if you look at the actual numbers I know you are using the rounded numbers that we've gave you. It's more like the mid-single digit, so a growth for the Europe, for industrial '16 over '15, and it good to see, good solid growth there. When we look the down into the details of the 14 sectors, we actually did see growth in most of those sectors 14 year. So again it's kind of same comments and hit on the automotive we are just encouraged that our investments are really turning to that broad based growth. Do you have a follow-on Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava: I did. On the consumer side in specifically in mobile would March quarters and be up year-over-year? And would consumer be up year-over-year? All I am trying to understand is if the indigestion you had a year ago is that was supposed to bear that it will last into March or its behind us.
David Pahl: Yes, so we are careful try to give guidance on below the top line in any sector, but I think your instincts that will have easy compare because of the weakness we saw a year ago will probably be correct. We have got time for one last call please.
Operator: Last question will come from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead please.
Toshiya Hari: My first question is again on industrial and Dave I appreciate your comments about they're being broad based growth in the segment. But if I recall correctly, I think this is the second conservative quarter where you guys point to an improvement in the industrial market place. So just curious if there are any kind of specific regions or end market areas well thats kind of driving that infection and in the market and industrial?
David Pahl: Yes, there is a -- we are seeing that really broad based growth across regions, across products and across those 14 sectors that we have got in it. So, we're real pleased with that growth. Do you have a follow-on Toshiya?
Toshiya Hari: Yes, thanks Dave. This is a technical one. So the IP, the one-time benefit you guys saw in Q4 from your IP agreements. Is this one-time in nature? Or could we see this materialized again in future quarters? And also what the nature of the contractor or the agreement was for this?
David Pahl: Yes, it included several agreements with the several different cross licensees, but the part of that was a sale of some IP assets, and that was recognized and restructuring other lines. And then the balance was settlement of past infringement that was recognized in the other income expense model. On an ongoing basis, it tends to be multi across license agreements. So, we would expect about $20 million of annual benefit for the foreseeable future as a result of agreement to these new intellectual property contracts. It's a roughly $20 million a year annual benefit going forward.
David Pahl: And thank you all for joining us. Again please plan to join us for our capital management call on February 8th at 10 AM Central Time. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 17:30:00) =====
Executives: David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations Kevin March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance and Operations
Analysts: Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Christopher Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.  Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch  Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Ian Ing - MKM Partners John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
David Pahl: Thank you and good afternoon. And thank you for joining our third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TIs Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TIs results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TIs most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Ill start with a quick summary. Revenue and earnings per share for the quarter were slightly above our expected range. Compared with a year ago, demand for our products continued to be strong in the automotive market and strengthened in the industrial market. Demand in the personal electronics market was about even from a year ago. In our core businesses, Embedded Processing revenue grew 10% and Analog revenue grew 6% compared with the same quarter a year ago. Operating margin increased in both businesses. Earnings per share were $0.94. With that backdrop, Kevin and I will move on to the details of our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of our business model. In the third quarter, our cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion. We believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long-term. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-month period was $3.9 billion, up 8% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin was 29.5% of revenue, up from 27.5% a year ago. We continue to benefit from our improved product portfolio and the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300 millimeter Analog output and the opportunistic purchase of assets ahead of demand. We believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders. For the trailing 12-month period, we returned $3.8 billion of cash to investors through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. Also today, we announced a 32% dividend increase that Kevin will provide more detail on in a moment. From a year ago, Analog revenue grew 6% due to High Performance Analog, Silicon Valley Analog and Power Management. High Volume Analog & Logic was about even. Embedded Processing revenue increased by 10% from a year ago due to growth in all three product lines, led by Processors. In our Other segment, revenue grew 7% from a year ago primarily due to calculators and DLP products, and was partially offset by a decrease in royalties and custom ASIC products. Now Ill provide some insight into this quarters revenue performance by end markets versus a year-ago. Automotive demand remained strong, with most sectors growing double digits. Industrial demand improved and had broad-based growth, with most sectors growing. Personal electronics was about even despite continued year-over-year decline in demand from one customer. This decline was offset by growth elsewhere. Communications equipment grew from a year ago and was even sequentially. And lastly, enterprise systems grew. We continue to focus on making our Company stronger through manufacturing and technology, the breadth of our product portfolio, the reach of our market channels, and our diverse and long-lived positions. These four attributes, taken together, are at the core of what puts TI in a unique class of companies capable of long-term free cash flow growth. Kevin will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Gross profit in the quarter of $2.28 billion was 62.0% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit margin increased 380 basis points, primarily due to lower manufacturing costs. Operating expenses were $804 million, or 21.9% of revenue. Over the last 12 months, weve invested $1.33 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. Acquisition charges were $80 million, all of which were the ongoing amortization of intangibles, which is a non-cash expense. Operating profit was $1.40 billion, or 38.0% of revenue. Operating profit was up 20% percent from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 40.9% and for Embedded Processing was 27.7%. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions enable both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth. Net income in the third quarter was $968 million, or $0.94 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.41 billion in the quarter. Inventory days were 117, consistent with our long-term model of 105 to 135 days. Capital expenditures were $139 million in the quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, cash flow from operations was $4.46 billion, up 8% from the same period a year ago. Trailing 12-month capital expenditures were $585 million, or 4% of revenue. As a reminder, our long-term expectation is for capital expenditures, including the expansion of our 300 millimeter Analog capacity, to be about 4% of revenue. Free cash flow for the past 12 months was $3.87 billion, or 29.5% of revenue. Free cash flow was 8% higher than a year ago. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As weve said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long-term and will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders. Our intent, over time, remains to return all of our free cash flow plus any proceeds we receive from exercises of equity compensation minus net debt retirement. Consistent with this intent, weve announced a 32% or $0.12 increase in our quarterly dividend. This brings our quarterly dividend to $0.50 per share, or $2.00 annualized. I also will note we have updated our long-term dividend model from our prior target of about 50% of trailing four-year average free cash flow to a range of 50% to 80%. This new range provides a more robust framework to adjust the allocation of our shareholder returns between dividend growth and share repurchases. Todays announcement extends our string of dividend increases to 13 consecutive years, which we believe are an important element of shareholder returns. In the third quarter, we paid $382 million in dividends and repurchased $500 million of our stock for a total return of $882 million. Total cash returned to shareholders in the past 12 months was $3.82 billion. Outstanding share count was reduced by 2% over the past 12 months and by 42% since the end of 2004 when we initiated a program designed to reduce our share count. These combined returns demonstrate our confidence in our business model and our commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders. Fundamental to our commitment to return cash are our cash management and tax practices. We ended the third quarter with $3.14 billion of cash and short-term investments, with our U.S. entities owning about 80% of our cash. This on-shore cash is readily available for a variety of uses. Our orders in the quarter were $3.64 billion, up 6% from a year ago. Turning to our outlook, for the fourth quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $3.17 billion to $3.43 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.76 to $0.86. Our expectation for our annual effective tax rate in 2016 is unchanged at about 30% and this is the tax rate you should use for the fourth quarter and for the year. So in summary, we believe our third quarter results continue to demonstrate the strength of our business model. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
David Pahl: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we do have our first question from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I wanted to ask about OpEx is roughly flat quarter-over-quarter R&D up and you talked about increasing R& D investment. Given that what are your expectations for R&D in total OpEx as we go into Q4 I know seasonally they would be down, but given the increases that were seeing in R&D how should we think it OpEx next quarter.
Kevin March: So Stacy I think as weve talked about R&D what we continue to reallocate and we will continue to reallocate through the first half of next year resources from other areas of the company into R&D. But overall, you should think about OpEx in 4Q pretty much being the same as youve seen in each of the last several years that is down, because we have seasonal benefit there just from the fact that theres going to be Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays going on. So total OpEx, the shift continued to be seasonally down.
David Pahl: Do you have a follow-up?
Stacy Rasgon: Yes, thank you. From a follow-up, I wanted to ask about the change in strategy between or apparent change in strategy between dividends and buybacks. Does that imply and I mean what does that imply in terms of how you see the current return on your own stock versus the potential for at least how you view the stability and strength of your business going forward, seems like youre allocating more into dividends now?
Kevin March: Well. And that is correct. We are planning to allocate more towards the dividends at this point in time. Weve always said the buybacks will vary as a function of the stock price and a dividend model that can vary from 50% to 80%, we believe there is more thorough comprehensive or capital allocation. This new model provides a more robust framework to adjust the allocation of our shareholder returns between dividend growth and share repurchases and thats really what were talking about here.
David Pahl: Okay, great. Thank you, Stacy. Next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question on the analog margin side. I believe record levels for you 40 plus here. I think the highest Ive seen out there is high 40s at linear. Curious do you think that you could achieve that over time and as part of that thought process what percentage of your mix would have to be on 300 millimeter to get to that kind of level.
Kevin March: C.J. the possibility for improving margins in analog are not anything that we would hold back your expectation on, because youve actually hit the essence of the formula there and that is we have more and more revenue being generated on 300 millimeter where we enjoy a significant cost benefit versus any of our competitors. Well see that just falling straight through not just the margin, but all the way through the free cash flow which is most important in our mind. So clearly, as you pointed out, this has been a new height for our analog segment and that business still has plenty of runway underneath as we go forward.
David Pahl: And than I just add C.J. that when you look at our practice of buying capacity well ahead of demand, that puts us in a places. At the end of last year, we had about $6 billion of open 300 millimeter capacity. So as revenue grows that was 200 millimeter capacity that will help to grow free cash flow margin as well as operating margins in the businesses that youve been. So the fact that its 300 millimeter, of course and the fact that its 40% lower cost will certainly help us as well. Do you have follow-up C.J.?
C.J. Muse: I do. A shorter term question, as you look to your implied guide of down 10% and I know typical seasonality is kind of throwing out the door here, but I guess in the last five years your average is roughly down 7%. So is there any one-time issues here, customer concentration, conservatism how should we think about that?
David Pahl: Yes. I think if you look at the midpoint of the guidance C.J., it would suggest a year-on-year growth of about 3%. So I think in general, we just believe thats just very consistent with the modest overall macro environment. And thats really kind of been the case for the last few years. So our view really remains that were in the slow growth economic environment. We dont really see any catalyst thats really going to change that one direction or the other any time soon. So thank you. Well go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next caller is Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, thank you for taking my question. My first question is on the demand environment. I was hoping you could provide a little bit more detail on the different buckets within TI industrial personal electronics, comms equipment in automotive and specifically what sort of trends you saw in the quarter and more importantly what your internal expectations are heading into Q4.
David Pahl: Okay. So let me just talk about what drove the quarter. As I mentioned before, the automotive market remained strong. Weve got five sectors inside of that market and most of them had grown double-digit. Industrial demand improved and encouraging part of that was it was very, very broad-based and we had most of the sectors growing. Inside the personal electronics that was even and that was despite continued year-over-year declines in demand from one customer, but I think that speaking to the diversity of our product portfolio and our customer base, we were able to offset that with growth elsewhere inside of personal electronics. And then communications equipment grew from a year ago was even sequentially. And lastly, we did see growth in enterprise systems as well. So when we look into the fourth quarter, well call out anything that is moving around significantly, youve seen us do that in the past when weve had some type of discontinuity to help explain the results and thats not the case as we move into fourth quarter. So do you have a follow-up Tosh?
Toshiya Hari: Yes, I do. Thanks for that. So my second question is on M&A, clearly TI has been very disciplined especially with regards to valuation over the past couple of years maybe even several years. Obviously, youve seen a lot of activity elsewhere in the industry, I was just hoping you could provide an update on as to how you approach M&A detail? Thank you.
Kevin March: Tosh our first M&A is really no different than weve talked about in the past. There are really four attributes that we think that we have put us in a pretty unique position versus our competitors and actually quite difficult for others to duplicate. Those include our approach to manufacturing technology, the breadth of our product portfolio, our reach to our market channels and the diversity and all that positions that our products enjoy in the marketplace. So when we look at the acquisitions, its both trying to see if we can strengthen those four attributes and really if not so by looking at companies and standpoint of the strategic match. That means, well have strategic match delivered to the strength of the competitive advantage weve been building on these last number of years. So from a strategic standpoint that would probably include a company thats likely engaged in Analog and probably has pretty good exposure to Industrial and Automotive which is where we believe most of the growth for some if that is going to happen for a quite a few years to come. If a potential target passes the strategy test and weve got to get past the numbers test. And that really means the price that we pay for it. For the return on that price for the return on that investment capital exceed our weighted average cost of capital in about a four-year timeframe. If we can get all that to work then we will remain disciplined and just stay on the sidelines. As we look at whats been going on in the M&A landscape these last couple of years and strike us that there are probably really two things underway for most participants in that space theyre either trying to increase their scale or broaden their market opportunities because they have fairly narrow markets. In our case, we already enjoy advantages in both of those, so we dont feel compelled to have to move unless we can pass that strategy and match test I just talked about a moment ago.
David Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Toshiya. And well go to the next caller please.
Operator: We have Chris Danely with Citi.
Christopher Danely: Thanks guys. I guess one more question on the Q4 revenue guidance. I am just looking at the results of the last 10 or so years and its only been down double-digits I think once in eight years or something like that. I remember last year you guys got it down 7% sequentially. Has anything changed recently? Have you seen any change in order rates, any change in the end markets, change in linearity, change in anything Im just wondering why the downtime?
David Pahl: Yes, again Chris, no big changes on that. I think its just consistency with the overall macro and if you look over the last five years, weve had a range from as high as down 1.3% and back in 2012 I think were down 12.1%. So certainly our range that weve given is certainly inside of those things from a sequential standpoint. So thats kind of how we are looking at them. Do you have a follow-on?
Christopher Danely: Yes. Can you just talk about utilization rates? How much sort of below capacity you guys are? And where we should expect utilization rates to trend in Q4 and how you feel about inventory as a result of that?
Kevin March: So Chris on utilization, it really hasnt changed much from probably last three or four quarters and I dont expect it to change anytime in the near-term. We load the factories on accordance with our expectation of demand and because of our inventory strategy sometimes that demands goes beyond just next quarter may include the following quarter. From an inventory standpoint to recall that our model is to have 105 to 135 days. We had quite a bit more inventory last quarter and we from a day standpoint and we had  David mentioned that we have built that anticipation of growing revenues in the third quarter. We have had those growing revenues and our inventory days dropdown to 117. So I expect that will continue to operate within the model days that we talk about and our utilizations will continue to be relatively stable as weve seen in the last three four quarters.
David Pahl: Great, thank you Chris. Next caller please.
Operator: Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Great, thank you. I have one short-term question and one long-term question. In the shorter-term you said Personal Electronics kind of flat year-over-year despite declines that one customer can give us a sense for which areas are growing year-over-year as other smartphones, PCs, where that growth components of that business right now?
David Pahl: Yes, at that level weve had PCs come in year-over-year about even which is an improvement from what we saw. I think that outside of that one customer weve actually seen really broad based growth. And so I think that all the classical areas inside a Personal Electronics are doing well. So you have a follow-on?
Joseph Moore: Sure, thank you. And then longer-term side as you look at your automotive business. Obviously thats a focus for you guys. Can you talk a little bit about how do you plan for that business and how much of your effort is sort of aimed at sort of traditional building block catalog type products, and when you think about markets like autonomous driving where there might be sort of systems level solutions how much are you thinking about the sort of need to do something, thats a little bit more revolutionary rather than evolutionary in that part market?
David Pahl: Sure yes, so we have - weve got five sectors that make up the automotive market for us that we look at their infotainment, safety, Advanced Driver Assistance Systems or ADAS, Body Electronics and Lighting and then power train systems, which include hybrid and electric systems. And we have a very intentional focus to invest across all of those five sectors. Were seeing that in the results with revenues and most of those sectors growing double digits and we have an approach inside of Automotive that is similar really across their other markets where we look to leverage our four competitive advantages and I think that thats helping to turn in those results. So we are favoring what I would say a catalog and application specific solutions. I wouldnt put that into the category of full turnkey system level solutions where were doing what we would consider to be the work that our customers do. So we are providing them. Building blocks that have different levels of integration but were not looking to provide a full ADAS system as an example. So will enable those systems and I think that thats pretty consistent with what you see across all the markets and sectors that that we serve, so. Okay. Thanks Joe and well go to next caller please.
Operator: And we have Chris Caso with CLSA.
Christopher Caso: Yes, thank you. Good evening. I guess first question would be regarding your comments on the industrial segment you talked about some broad improvement. I guess could you talk about your level of visibility there and the likelihood of that sustaining into the end of the year and moving into next year?
David Pahl: Can you just ask that once again make sure I got the question right, Chris.
Christopher Caso: Sorry, it was regarding the Industrial segment and your comments on that you talked about broad improvement. If you can give some more color on that and your view on the potential for that to sustain into year end and into next year?
David Pahl: Yes. I think as we talked about last quarter we did see an improvement in industrial demand it actually had been flat for several quarters year-on-year, so we were encouraged by that. This quarter weve built on that a little bit and like last quarter it was very, very broad-based. I wont try to go in and try to predict how long that will last or carryforward, but I definitely would say that we were encouraged as we saw most of those sectors growing. Yes, follow-on Chris.
Christopher Caso: I do kind follow-on is regarding inventory in both the channel at your customers and given the stronger growth in Q3 was any part of that growth perhaps contributed to some increase in inventory, understand that most of your inventory in the distribution channel on consignment now, but whats your view of customer inventory levels right now?
David Pahl: Yes. So if we look into the distribution channel inventory is actually decreased by about a half a week and its currently very, very low levels at about four weeks and thats pretty similar to what we saw a year-ago. So again, we just we believe that that inventory level just reflects an environment of really good product availability and weve got you know good inventories on our books available to be able to ship. We continue to have very stable lead times and those things kind of taken together just drive very high customer service metrics. So customers in general are getting products when they want to have them. So and Ill just make the reminder too that four weeks of inventory is just structurally lower because of the consignment programs that we have at our major distributors. So thank you Chris and well go to the next caller please.
Operator: We have Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you. My first question is on the embedded side. This segment has been growing really well for the last third quarter in the year posting pretty good year-over-year growth. Whats driving that Dave, I know it has three major segments? Could you just help us understand the drivers behind the growth?
David Pahl: Yes I think when you look at the embedded market. Weve seen good growth there for a number of quarters and if you look at the end markets they have a very good exposure to automotives, to industrial, and to that the comps markets. So as we talked about the communications market or really all three of those markets contributed to the growth. And the great thing about the growth is its very broad-based its not in. One market its not in, one sector its not driven by one technology. So we feel really good about the sustainability of that growth and the great thing with that is its fallen through to the operating profit, which you can see inside of that business. And most importantly is following through to free cash flow growth. So you have a follow on Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes, I did. Could you talk a little bit your  that this seems to be a change in the relationship with how you work with your major distribution partners and our sense is this is nothing new, but could you just help us understand how you thought through the pros and cons of this change and whether its just a matter of you having more in consignment or its trade-off between confidence of sourcing your own wins versus potential loss in future sales? Thank you.
David Pahl: Yes. So our relationship with distributors have been evolving and always evolving like any healthy business relationships of all, but especially as the reach of our channel advantages continues to strengthen. So you know youve heard Kevin and I both mention our four competitive advantages and certainly the reach of our channel is one of them. And so that includes both the size and the skill of our direct sales and applications teams, but it also includes the growing capabilities of the web and TI.com. So as an example three years ago we discontinued our incentive programs for demand creation on accounts that represented about 80% of the TAM where we had resources calling on those accounts directly. We made that that change because our team is just more effective and efficient at and demand creation and this is played out as weve continued to gain share every year since then. And more recently, weve discontinue the incentives for remain balance of the accounts. So we expect as with all relationships that will continue to evolve but we do believe distributors will continue to play an important role in order fulfillment for our customers. Okay, thank you Ambrish. And we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: We have David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David Wong: Thanks very much. TI and several other chip companies had really impressive September year-over-year growth. That was many percent about guidance and youre also giving December guidance which is solid even then the year-over-year growth in December looks like its going to be below September. Can you give us some feel as to whats happening here that things weaken and September progressed or is December particularly tough comparison?
David Pahl: Yes. David if you look at our normal seasonality the one thing that we can conclude for sure is that the second and third quarter are seasonally strongest quarters fourth and first are seasonally weakest and so certainly that that will play in effect as we go into fourth quarter. So its not unusual for us to see fourth quarter thats down and in fact why we point to the year-over-year guidance and how that is consistent with just our belief is that things in the macro really havent changed too dramatically. So that has gone into the guidance. Do you have a follow-on.
David Wong: No. I am good. Thank you.
David Pahl: Okay. Thank you David. 
Operator: The next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the strong results and dividend boost. Maybe Ill also try my hand on this Q4 outlook question. Because I still dont know whether this is a top down forecast or its a bottoms up forecast because with specific end market is going down sequentially so much for your overall sales to go down 10%. And I dont know whether its actually the other segment which had very strong growth in Q3 and I know Dave you mentioned on an year-on-year basis but last year I believe your sales were down in Q4. So the comps should have been easier versus the last year, so thats really my first question that is this top down forecast or is this a bottoms up forecast.
Kevin March: I think Dave has probably answered that same question about three or four times now and the answer still going to be the same. It is our best outlook right now based up on a continuing weak macro economy. We had a book-to-bill in 3Q of 0.99 compared that to 1.0 a year ago. So the visibility into the quarter is a little bit reduce versus it was a year ago. There is no one market, no one customer, no one product, it is our best estimate at this point in time. And Ill remind you it does include a range and that range probably comprehends to high probability where will land fourth quarters.
David Pahl: And I just add the fact that whenever weve had a big discontinuity that youre searching around for, weve been clear at following those things out. So we want to be able to provide that transparency when its necessary. So do you have a follow-on.
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thank you. Now given the focus on free cash flow, why isnt TI better utilizing an asset like your balance sheet because youre operating, if my numbers are right at about 0.15 net debt to trailing EBITDA and most of your peers are comfortable operating at three to four times. So given this low growth environment and sort of negative returns for holding cash, why is TI holding so much cash and why not buyback more of your stock if you think M&A looks expensive or not attractive right now. Thank you.
Kevin March: I think its now you consider our stock quite undervalued at the moment in times. I appreciate that observation. We have been buying back shares every quarter since the fourth quarter of 2004 our method for buying back shares is to be disciplined and consistent in how we go about doing it. More importantly what weve talked about is that we will buyback more shares when the price is lower and probably fewer shares when the price is higher. And so to that end we recently as with todays announcement have updated our allocation budget if you will for what we allocate in free cash flow to dividends from 50% of our trailing four years average free cash flow to 50% to 80%. We think this new range provides a more robust framework that allows us to adjust the allocation of our shareholder return between dividend growth and share repurchases. To as far as leveraging the balance sheet any further right now that balance sheet has been leveraged higher in the past, we have been slowly paying that debt back down over time which means the debt is available today and important strategic opportunities present some at the right moment in time. We believe that leveraging now just for the sake of leveraging would actually block the balance sheet and being available should an opportunity present ourselves out there from a strategic standpoint.
David Pahl: Okay, great. Thank you, Vivek. And well go to the next caller please.
Operator: The next caller is Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Ive a question and a follow-up as well. I guess just starting on the dividend increase that you guys announced. Could you just talk about as I think about the future dividend payout strategies you guys have? Is it going to be more reflection of your free cash flow growth on an annualized basis or with the desire be to increase dividends along with free cash flow growth plus increasing the payout as you get to the midpoint of this 50% to 80% range. So how do I think about this on an annual basis?
Kevin March: Well, I think if you think about that what you have been seeing is probably what you will see and that is our free cash flow has been growing consistently for quite a few years now. And our formula design means that by definition are dividends are increasing consistent with that. What this new range does is just give us more framework to adjust the allocation between dividends and stock buybacks. We call it that we take all the free cash flow and we use it either for dividend or buyback. And this allows us to allocate more towards dividend growth as opposed to buyback going forward. If we reach a point where share price tends to be relatively lower at a point in time then this allows us to slow down the dividend growth rate and adjust that back towards dividend repurchases. So thats what this new range is designed to do is to give us more flexibility to be responsive to the changing market valuations that we see out there. Do you have follow-on Amit?
Amit Daryanani: Got it. If I can just follow-up, your R&D is sort of increased doubled-digit the few quarters. It sounds like, it will do so again. Does that suggest that you kind of shifting a little bit from harvesting towards investing more in your business? And if thats the case, should we recalibrate expectations maybe in calendar 2017 and 2018 that the share again that you guys are typically out 30, 40, 50 basis points could be somewhat higher given all the investments youre making?
Kevin March: Well, certainly were investing more in the R&D with the intent of continuing our share gains and ideally accelerating them. And really what were doing on the stuff, we are being very disciplined on R&D as well. Were not spending just for the sake of spending, but were spending because we have a higher degree of confidence and the ideas are coming to us that we can actually turn that into profitable revenue growth and ideally market share. And were doing that by just reallocating our internal resources as we mentioned, meaning were not taking our total spending up, but were taking people who may have been working in the manufacturing lines or people who may have been working in sales or general administrative areas and putting them into working on R&D projects as well. So its an overall reallocation internally and I would expect that that will continue to support our market share gains as we go forward.
David Pahl: Yes. I would add that weve gained on average 30 to 40 basis points of market share and I think weve gained share each of the last six years. I think were on track to be able to put a seven figure up and well wait for the numbers to get posted before we declare that. But again, market share just doesnt move quickly in the markets that weve got and I think that just speaks to the quality of the market. So I think these opportunities that Kevin just talking about just gives us confidence that we can continue to have share gains into the future. Thanks, Amit and we will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question is from Ian Ing with MKM Partners. 
Ian Ing: Yes, thank you. In your prepared comments, you talked about being opportunistic in terms of purchasing assets ahead of demand, so do you anticipate any greater opportunities or fire sales as the industry I would say rapidly consolidates. I mean, you probably got enough wafer fabrication equipment, but maybe theres other areas like test and packaging? Thanks.
David Pahl: Yes. Ian, I would say that we are continuously on the lookout for buying assets that we dont need now, but we believe we will need at some point in time, it could be a strategic cost advantage to us at some point in time and we have been in pretty much every quarter, picking up some piece of equipment here or there. But again, we look at the total opportunity, meaning, can we get the right price and can it be something that will contribute to our free cash flow as we go forward and so we look at it in that context when we consider these sorts of things. So I would expect that we will continue to be out there, making opportunistic acquisitions. Some may rise to the level of an announced, but most of them are probably just remain as they have been just spot purchases that we do from time to time as we look around the world.
David Pahl: Yes, and Ill also point out were making those purchases while keeping our CapEx at about 4% of revenues, so continuing to strengthen that competitive advantage. Do you have follow-up Ian?
Ian Ing: Yes, over to embedded processing. Questions on expectations for DSP applications, should we think of it is largely communication infrastructure 4G and 5G. I noticed there is DSP, IT companies out there, they are talking about using these chips as accelerators for things like Deep learning, artificial intelligence accelerating some applications.
David Pahl: Yes, I think when you look at our portfolio that the lines between what the DSP and whats not a DSP blur to some degree so like you said in the comms equipment space youve got processors that have multicourse of both arms and DSPs but also have a heavy component of hardware accleators. Our OMAP products that are gaining traction and automotive and other applications inside of industrial have DSPs inside of them. If you look at our communication products where we support over a dozen different standards that help machines be connected and be smarter, they will have now DSP inside of them. So we kind of just look at that as an enabling technology, the good news is that that business complements our analog product portfolio, very well it isnt one type of product or technology thats building that business. Weve got a very good diversity of customers that were building over time. So were encouraged by the confidence in the sustainability of that revenue and the wires underneath and the technology underneath are important on how we deliver it. But the business model is whats really encouraging for us. So okay, we can go to - have time for one more caller please.
Operator: Our next question is from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes, guys thanks for squeezing me in here. Kevin I guess my first question is you talked about OpEx being down sequentially in December quarter. Depending upon how much down sequentially it is, you could still have gross margins kind of flat to up in the December quarter and notwithstanding the revenue decline, youve had in prior quarters were down revenue doesnt necessarily mean down gross margins. So kind of curious how you think about gross margins going into the calendar fourth quarter and what leverage you can still pull other than just volume to keep moving gross margins up into the right.
Kevin March: John, I think you know that we normally dont try to give that precise of forecast other than just topline and bottom line and earnings. But I would just remind you that, just like 3Q benefited from lower costs we increased production in the 300-millimeter and depreciation rolling off. Depreciation will continue to roll off and 300-millimeter will continue to become a bigger portion of wafers that we start. So youve got a number of underlying cost things that will continue to give us good results on the overall gross margin for those who are interested in that number.
John Pitzer: Thats helpful. I appreciate it. And then Dave I guess is my follow-up. You talked about your largest customer in Personal Electronics being down year-over-year in the September quarter. Do you think thats an accurate reflection of kind of their unit demand or is there something going on with your content or your pricing? Would you expect that customer to be down again year-over-year in the December quarter?
David Pahl: Well I will say that Im not going to make any comments on their command. And with most of our large customers if Ill just generalize the comment, most of our large customers will be on some type of consignment or hub based systems. So there is usually not a large delay and the demand when it actually gets pulled and when its used. Theres always an exception to that overall. From a content standpoint, I think weve mentioned before that we sell hundreds of products into our largest customers including our largest one and we continue to see win new products. So were confident in the design wins that weve got and the revenue that will drive overall. Okay, well thank you John for your call. End of Q&A
David Pahl: Thanks everyone for listening tonight. A replay of this call will be available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: That does conclude todays call. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-25 17:30:00) =====
Executives: David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations
Analysts: Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to Texas Instruments' 2Q 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining our Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the Web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the Web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. I'll start with a quick summary. Revenue and earnings per share for the quarter were solidly in the upper half of our expected range. Compared with the year ago, demand for our products continued to be strong in the automotive market and grew in industrial and communications equipment markets. Despite sequential growth, demand in the personal electronics market was down from a year ago. In our core businesses, Embedded Processing revenue grew 9% and Analog revenue was about even with the same quarter a year ago. Operating margins increased in both businesses. Earnings per share were $0.76. With that backdrop, Kevin and I will move on to the details of our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of our business model. In the second quarter, our cash flow from operations was $1.1 billion. We believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-month period was $3.9 billion, up 7% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin was 30% of revenue, up from 27.4% a year ago. We continue to benefit from our improved product portfolio and the efficiencies of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300-millimeter Analog output and the opportunistic purchase of assets ahead of demand. We believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it's returned to shareholders or productively invested in the business. For the trailing 12-month period, we returned $4.1 billion of cash to investors through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. From a year ago, Analog revenue was about even with growth in High Performance Analog and Silicon Valley Analog, was offset by declines in High Volume Analog & Logic and Power Management. Embedded Processing revenue increased by 9% from a year ago due to growth in all three product lines, led by Processors. Our investments in Embedded continue to build a diverse business of long-lived products that contribute to free cash flow growth over the long term. In our Other segment, revenue declined 4% from a year ago due to calculators, royalties and custom ASIC products, which was partially offset by DLP products. Now I'll move to provide some insight into this quarter's revenue performance by end market versus a year ago. Automotive demand remained strong, with the majority of sectors growing, led by infotainment. Industrial demand had broad-based growth, with more than half of the sectors growing. Personal electronics declined broadly, led by mobile phone. Communications equipment grew from a year ago, but declined sequentially. And finally, enterprise systems grew. We continue to focus on making our company stronger through manufacturing and technology, the breadth of our product portfolio, the reach of our market channels and our diverse and long-lived positions. These four attributes, taken together, are at the core of what puts TI in a unique class of companies capable of long-term free cash flow growth. Kevin will now review profitability, capital management, and our outlook.
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.0 billion with 61.2% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit margin increased 300 basis points, primarily due to lower manufacturing costs. Operating expenses were $805 million, up 2% from a year ago. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.29 billion on research and development, an important element of our capital allocation. Acquisition charges were $79 million, all of which were the ongoing amortization of intangibles, which is a non-cash expense. Operating profit was $1.12 billion, or 34.1% of revenue. Operating profit was up 11% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 37.7% and for Embedded Processing, 25.0%. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions enable both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth. Net income in the second quarter was $779 million, or $0.76 per share. Now let me comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.07 billion in the quarter. Inventory days were 133, consistent with our long-term model of 105 days to 135 days as we stage inventory for expected revenue growth in the third quarter. Capital expenditures were $158 million in the quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, cash flow from operations was $4.46 billion, up 9% from the same period a year ago. Trailing 12-month capital expenditures were $585 million, or 4.5% of revenue. As a reminder, our long-term expectation is for capital expenditures, including the expansion of our 300-millimeter Analog capacity to be about 4% of revenue. Free cash flow for the past 12 months was $3.87 billion, or 30.0% of revenue. Free cash flow was 7% higher than a year ago. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we've said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term and will be valued only if it's returned to shareholders or productively reinvested into the business. As we've noted, our intent is to return 100% of our free cash flow, plus any proceeds we receive from the exercise of equity compensation, minus net debt retirement. For those who may have missed it, in May, we issued $500 million of six-year debt at a coupon rate of 1.85%. In addition, we've retired $1 billion of debt. This leaves total debt of $3.63 billion with a weighted average coupon rate of 2.22%. In the second quarter, we paid $382 million in dividends and repurchased $527 million of our stock for a total return of $909 million. Total cash returned to shareholders in the past 12 months was $4.07 billion. Outstanding share count was reduced by 3% over the past 12 months and by 42% since the end of 2004 when we initiated a program designed to reduce our share count. These combined returns demonstrate our confidence in our business model and our commitments to return excess cash to our shareholders. Fundamental to our commitment to return cash are our cash management and tax practices. We ended the second quarter with $2.54 billion of cash and short-term investments, with our U.S. entities owning about 80% of our cash. This onshore cash is readily available for a variety of uses. Our orders in the quarter were $3.33 billion, up 2% from a year ago. Turning to our outlook, for the third quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $3.34 billion to $3.62 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.81 to $0.91. Acquisition charges, which are non-cash amortization charges, will remain about even and hold at about $80 million per quarter through the third quarter of 2019. They will then decline to about $50 million per quarter for two additional years. Our expectation for our annual effective tax rate in 2016 is unchanged at about 30%, and this is the tax rate you should use for the third quarter and for the year. In summary, we believe our second quarter results demonstrate the strength of our business model. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask a question, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And our first question will come from Chris Danely with Citigroup.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks, guys. Great quarter. So it seems like the revenue was above the midpoint like you said. Can you just maybe talk about the strength you saw, or what was stronger than expectations by segment or by end market?
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, Chris. I'll just say across our businesses, I'd just say that most areas performed a bit better than our expectations. Obviously, there's always puts and takes, but in general, that was the case. And obviously, that put us solidly in the upper half of our range.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. And for my follow-up, if we plug in some sort of normal seasonal growth in Q4, it looks like revs will be flat to slightly up. But it looks like OpEx might be up as a percentage this year. Is that true? Can you shed any light on whether that could happen, or it could not happen or what would be the drivers there?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Chris, you said Q4. Did you mean to say Q3?
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): No, we've already got it for Q3, but if we plug in some seasonal growth for Q4 you get revenue around the same level as last year. It looks like OpEx might be a little bit higher as a percent of revenue this year versus last year. A, is that true? Can you comment on that, or talk about the puts and takes on OpEx?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Well, I'll wait 90 days and give you what we think that the Q4 range is going to be for revenue and then we kind of talk about where that is. Right now we'll just focus our comments on 2Q and 3Q if you don't mind, Chris.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, Chris. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Sure. Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. First, could you give us an idea of  in the current quarter how much personal electronics was down year-over-year? And for Q3, how do you see that trending? Do you still see that business down year-over-year in Q3?
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, Stacy, we don't get to that level of detail. I can say that we did see sequential growth as we were expecting to see it. It is, obviously, still down significantly year-on-year, and we really just haven't provided guidance out into third quarter. And again, if there's anything that's moving around that's significant, our practices have been to call that out to provide clarity. So I think with our results coming solidly in the upper half and our guidance that we're providing, we're just not going to that level of detail at this time. Do you have a follow-on?
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yes. Can you give us some idea of gross margin drivers in the quarter? It seems like gross margins came in a little stronger. And how do you see those drivers trending into next year? Do you think gross margins should be up on the higher revenues?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Yes, Stacy. The drivers to gross margin in last quarter and going for the foreseeable future are the same things we've been seeing for a while, and that is we're seeing depreciation rolling off, which is clearly giving us an accounting benefit to gross margin, but more importantly, we've got increased production on 300-millimeter, which is considerably more cost effective on a chip level than the equivalent 200-millimeter production. And as we see depreciation continue to roll off, albeit more slowly as we move into future quarters and more production on 300-millimeter, we'll continue to see benefit to gross margins. So I think that what you've seen going on is just a prelude to what you'll see going on as we look out a little bit further. If you look out further in time, as to what to expect, I think we'd just tell you to do what we've been doing in the past, which is on any delta revenue that you forecast in your model, that falls through around 70%, 75% on average over time, that will give you a pretty good way to anticipate what the company's gross margin will stack up as.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, Stacy, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks for taking my question, guys. I guess, first off, CapEx looks like it was a little bit higher a line (13:48) you guys have talked about in the past. Can you just talk about how do you think about it for the rest of the year and at what point you think CapEx that approximates inflation (13:55)?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Amit, you were a little quiet. I think you were saying that CapEx a little higher than in the past?
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, that's what I had heard, too. We're having a little bit of trouble hearing you, just so to summarize your question, you were saying CapEx was higher than it has been in the recent past and why is that?
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, sorry. Right. And at what point do you think CapEx is going to approximate depreciation for you guys over time?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Okay. So CapEx is going to be noisy in any one quarter. So it makes most sense to kind of look at it on what we think is a trailing 12-month basis. And over the last 12 months, CapEx was running about  well about 4.5% over last 12 month's revenue. Depreciation has been running about 5.2% to the last 12 months' revenue. So obviously, those will converge at some point, but I don't expect those to converge before the end of 2016. They may converge in any one quarter, but on that trailing 12-month basis, it will take a couple more quarters before we see those meet up. And again, remember our long-term model is to keep our CapEx spending at around 4% of revenue, and that includes the conversion and expansion of our 300-millimeter capacity for Analog production.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Do you have a follow-up, Amit?
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Yeah, if I could just follow up, OpEx I guess at least in the June quarter it looks like it was higher than expected. Sort of compare with what happened in the March quarter if I'm not mistaken. So could you just talk about how do you get OpEx as a percent of sale and what's driving the higher uptick there? It sound like it looks like it's more R&D than anything else in the first half of the year so far.
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Yeah, I'm not so sure, Amit, it was higher than expected per se, but it was certainly higher than it was last quarter and higher on a year-over-year basis. You've got a couple of things going on there. Sequentially, you've got three full months of pay and benefit increases, so last quarter you only had two months' worth. That's also true year-over-year, by the way. We just got pay and benefit increases. But also importantly on the R&D as you noted, we have been for a number of quarters now reallocating our internal resources towards more development efforts. So those will be resources that may have been working in manufacturing support or that may have been working in SG&A, and we're re-deploying those resources into development activity and R&D. And we expect to continue doing that for a number of quarters to come. And so consequently you're seeing R&D begin to move up a little bit more than you might see on the G&A line.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, Amit. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And next will be C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess a question to go back to your incremental gross margins and try and maybe dig a little bit deeper in understanding how much is going off of D&A mix utilization, the benefit of 300-millimeter. So if we look at calendar 2016 and things play out seasonal, it looks like $150 million benefit from D&A but another $200 million from those other categories. Is there any way to parse that out and then better understand, go forward, what that might look like for each of those categories' mix utilization 300-millimeter?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Yeah, C.J, just to think about that, from another utilization standpoint, frankly, there's no real benefit going on there. The underutilization costs and almost exactly the same for multiple quarters in a row now. Depreciation has actually come down, so you compare the most recent quarter at $155 million depreciation, the year-ago quarter was $198 million. So you're getting about a $45 million depreciation lift. So really the rest of it's just lower overall manufacturing costs. And again, incrementally we're getting more production on 300-millimeter, which at the die level has a 40% cost benefit for us. So that's an overall 20% improvement to gross profit margin on  or excuse me, 20  takes gross profit margin up effectively because cost comes down by that amount. So you've got the combination of all those things weighing together. So again, depreciation down about $45 million 2Q to 2Q on a year-over-year basis. Underutilization charges pretty flat throughout that period. So it's really a conversion to lower cost manufacturing.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Right. And I'll just add for those that may not follow us as closely why 300-millimeter makes a difference, so we've got a footprint manufacturing Analog products at 200-millimeter, and the 300-millimeter we ended last year with about $6 billion of open capacity on 300-millimeter, and the wafer size is bigger and that translates into a lower cost, as Kevin was talking about, at a chip level, where the silicon level is 40% lower. So basically as we build more of our products on 300-millimeter that will help to drive gross margins as well as free cash flow. So C.J., you have a follow-up question?
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Yeah, Dave, that was very helpful. If I could just ask a short-term question. In terms of gross margin into September, will mix be a headwind there or should we say gross margin's at least flat? Thank you.
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: C.J., I don't think that mix is really going to play too much of a factor in this. We're going to continue to have more production on 300-millimeter and lower overall manufacturing costs, and it's really just the economics that Dave just mentioned that's going to keep on helping on gross margin going forward.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Great. Thank you, C.J., and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you can give us an update on the Embedded Processing segment? You're showing some nice growth there. Can you talk about where that's coming from, and in particular the old  the previous wireless business's OMAP connectivity, can you talk about growth that you might be seeing there?
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, sure, Joe. So year-over-year, as we had said before, we're seeing good growth in all three product lines, and just as a reminder, for 2015 we had three product lines inside of Embedded: microcontrollers, which made up 45% of revenue; processors, again 45%; and connectivity at 10%. So I'll just say over the last few years, connectivity has been growing very strongly, though it's coming obviously from a much lower revenue base. And there we support a dozen or so connectivity standards, and those products are finding  I'd just say very, very diverse different applications and doing very nicely. Processors, again, is doing very well. It is being benefited from both the automotive, as well as recovery that we saw inside of comms infrastructure. And then microcontrollers is benefiting from really the industrial market as it is finding very, very diverse application. So that's kind of what that looks like across the board. Do you have a follow-up?
Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, that was very helpful. Thank you. Just separately, I wonder, are there any areas where you're seeing tighter availability or lead time extensions or anything like that across the whole portfolio?
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, I'd say that across the board our lead times have remained unchanged and at very, very low levels. So product availability continues to be very good. And both at our distributors as well as for the products that we support through consignment programs or in a classical book shift business. So really no changes on that. And I'd just also mention that just our on-time delivery, so kind of our metrics to when customers want to have them remain at very, very high level. So, okay. Thank you, Joe. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And that question will come from Craig Ellis with B. Riley.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question, and nice job on the results. Kevin and Dave, I wanted to follow up on Embedded Processing operating margins. For the last couple of years, the company's had the objective to get them higher and you've done a lot on the OpEx side and now for a second consecutive quarter we're in the mid-20%s. Can you put in context where operating margins are now versus, I think, levels that the company would be happy with? Is it possible to get to Analog levels, or are we at optimal levels now with EP?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: So, Craig, on that, I would say that there's nothing inherently different between the Analog and Embedded I'd point to to say why margins would be different. What I would say is that while we won't try to predict margins in the individual segments per se, we're confident that Embedded Processing just like Analog can be a very solid contributor to free cash flow growth over the long haul. And again, this is largely because the products that we manufacture in that segment have very long market shelf lives, and so you can get a lot of revenue stream off of your R&D that you spend. You may recall that over the last couple years, ending early last year, we were doing some restructuring activity in Embedded Processing and taken some costs out, and we've been talking for a while now that the real secret to being able to improve the profitability in that area was on revenue growth. And that team has been doing a very good job at turning the results of their efforts into solid revenue growth, and consequently we're seeing the profitability go up. They are committed to continuing in that direction, and so I look forward to seeing what they turn in as we go multiple quarters out.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Do you have a follow-on, Craig?
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Yeah, thanks, Dave. The follow-up is related to Chris's question. You mentioned that the performance of the business was just a little bit better than expected on a broad-based basis in the second quarter. Was that because the order strength in the business was just better than the team thought going into the quarter, or was in fact the business just scoped a little bit more conservatively than it played out? What accounted for the upside versus expectations?
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah. So I would  I'd just point to that we've got 55% of our revenue that runs through consignment, so we actually don't get orders there. We get forecasts that get pulled to actual demand. We've got 60% of our revenues that run through distribution and 60% of that is actually on consignment. So our  what we ship, the demand that we ship to is much closer to real time of what customers want and need. So I think very simplistically, they just ended up pulling more, slightly more than what we were initially expecting across a broad range. So if there was something in there that we could point to, one or two things, we would do that, but that's just not the case this time. So, okay. Thank you, Craig. We'll go to the next caller.
Operator: And we'll go to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the questions. Congratulations on the strong consistent results. Kevin, I wanted to talk a little bit about OpEx patterns into the calendar third quarter. For the last kind of three years you've had good sequential revenue growth in the calendar third quarter of about 6% and you've been able to take OpEx down on average by about 3% sequentially. And so I'm just kind of curious, is there a seasonal pattern to OpEx that we should think about for the calendar third quarter in general, and specifically how do you see OpEx trending this September?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Yeah, John, I think you've said it well in that you do tend to see some patterns similar to the numbers you just recited. Typically, you'll see SG&A and R&D down a bit in third versus second, and part of that is just people taking vacations and so on for the summer holidays. But I think this quarter you'll continue to see that sort of trend probably in the SG&A area. But I would expect that R&D would continue to increase a little bit as we move forward, dampening the overall decline that you might expect in OpEx. And that again has to do with what I mentioned earlier in the call, that for a number of quarters now, we have been redeploying resources into development activities. And those costs are winding up in R&D as we redeploy those resources. So as you look into third quarter, again, you're probably going to see that G&A will probably be down again a little bit, but R&D will probably be up some.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Is there a follow-on?
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful. Yeah. As a follow-on, guys, one of the things you guys have always sort of talked about is the consistency of growth here, and not necessarily absolute growth, albeit you've talked about sort of modest share gain expectations every year. And just when I look at the Embedded Processing growth of over 9% year-over-year, to me that clearly is sort of outgrowing the industry and the peers. And so I'm kind of curious, what do you think the cause of that is? How sustainable that is, and kind of should we expect to see continued market share growth within the Embedded segment at these sort of clips?
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, John. We'll finish the year before we declare any victory laps on market share gains. And I'd just say that if you look at that business, as well as Analog, you know, we've just had steady share gains. And we've talked about averaging between 30 basis points and 40 basis points per year. But we've had years where we've put up 100 basis point gains in the past. So, again, we don't want to get ahead of where the year will end. We'll wait till the scoreboard is up before we analyze that. But we  I'd just say that we continue to focus our resources in places where we can develop products that are going to be differentiated, that are going to find a long-lived position in the marketplace. And when you're able to do that, you're able to have a revenue stream in which you're able to build on. And the great thing about both these markets is that share gain doesn't move quickly. And so  but it's just steady share gains over time will make a significant difference to the business model. And we think that that is certainly showing up in the numbers today. So thanks, John. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And next question is from Chris Caso with CLSA.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Yeah, thank you. Just to start with kind of a bit of a bigger picture question. You talked about some of the forecast visibility from your consignment revenue. Can you talk a little bit about how far out that goes, and what the order patterns are telling you? And then correspondingly, what have you seen with regard to order rates over the last 90 days as compared to the previous quarter? Are they fairly stable, improving, or declining?
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah. So, Chris, it will depend on the customer or distributor. I'd say that typically we'll get  look out on demand out for six months. Sometimes it will be longer, we'll get a longer term forecast for them. But usually they run about six months. Inside of a certain window, those forecasts are deemed as more firm. But that said, they can change, and they can change very quickly. So we can have 100% visibility, but that doesn't mean that those forecasts can't change. From an order standpoint, I can tell you that during the quarter, we saw orders were higher in May. They increased again in June. That's kind of what happens in a second quarter. And I'd just say that those order rates versus when we were all on a book ship business without consignment certainly were a different signal than what they are today. So we look at those  the orders that we have on the books. We look at the consignment forecasts that we see, and we make judgments based on that and roll that all up to what we provide you in our outlook. So you have a follow-on, Chris?
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Yes. Thanks. With regard to inventory, it looks like it was down sequentially in days, but I believe it's toward the higher end of your range. Could you talk about your expectations? I suppose that you would expect that to drop as you go to the second half. Do you have a particular target in mind for where you expect the inventory to approach as we exit the year? And then what that implies for production in the second half? I know you often try to level load production given seasonality. Is that still the case this year?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Yeah, Chris. I don't really have a specific inventory forecast for you per se. I will just point out a couple things on inventory to kind of keep in mind. Total dollars of inventory are actually down on a year-over-year basis, even though days are up, and that's really a function of the higher profitability that the company's performing at now. When you just do the math at a higher gross margin percent, that same inventory affords more days of potential sales. So that's part of what's going on there. But as you noted, it is down quarter-over-quarter on a day's basis. And typically going into third quarter, typically tends to be an up revenue quarter for us, and as you mentioned, when we level load the factories, that would anticipate that some of that inventory will be drained as we go through the quarter. But we don't have a specific forecast as to days or dollars. We just expect that will probably drain somewhat going into the third quarter, and then we'll continue to adjust our loadings and our expectation for first quarter and fourth quarter as we continue through the year.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Great. Okay. Thank you, Chris, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And Blayne Curtis with Barclays is next.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question and I'll echo the congrats on the good execution. I just want to follow back up on a prior OpEx question, and just how do you think about managing it? Obviously, you've gotten the question probably two years in a row on why R&D as a percent of revenue is low. And it bottomed in 2015, you've grown it faster than revenue. How do you think about over the next year or two going forward? Is there a particular percentage you're managing it to? Or is it a function of where you can get gross margins? How are you thinking about it? And then if you can just talk about where you're deploying these new resources.
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Okay, Blayne. So just at kind of a  first at a 50,000-foot level. We've talked in the past about our total OpEx will probably fluctuate between 20% and 30% of revenue, meaning that in weaker markets we might be running at the higher end of that range, in stronger markets we'll run at the lower end of that range. And here in the last couple of years we've been around the middle of that pack, around 23%, 24%, 25% kind of range. So that's kind of a high-level look at OpEx as a whole. Now more specifically on R&D, when it comes to allocating capital, and R&D is certainly a place where we allocate some of that capital to, it's a pretty important thing for any management team to pay attention to. We take it extremely seriously to make sure that when we do allocate to R&D, we'll allocate in areas that we believe that we can actually develop differentiated products with very long revenue streams and very high margin opportunities. The idea is to maximize the amount of revenue we get on the R&D dollar spent. So it's not a percent per se that we're trying to manage to. It's an opportunity that we're going after. And as we just talked about earlier in the call, some of our R&D spending is actually moving up a little bit even these past few quarters and will probably to continue to move up in the next few quarters as we are seeing opportunities to reallocate some of our resources from where they have been into development areas for R&D purposes that will just extend the overall availability of our products into new marketplaces. So we really look at opportunistically and not based upon a particular model or a percent of revenue or anything like that.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Do you have a follow-on, Blayne?
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Maybe just switching gears to the auto market. There's been concerns all year, but I think the data points have been stronger than not. Just curious, your perspective on that market as you go into September in terms of inventory, and the strength you saw, was that more a function of units, or was it more content gains through (34:44)?
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Yes. Clearly, what's driving the market today, we believe, is content gains. And if you have visited an auto showroom any time in the last year, that's pretty obvious to see with the new models that are coming out. Our belief is that the automotive sales will fluctuate much like they have in the past and into the future. But certainly, overall, the content gain is what's growing things. So as Kevin said, when we look at the automotive market we're making investments that will produce revenue 5 years and 10 years and 15 years out into the future. If things were to weaken in that market and we don't know that's going to be next quarter or five years from now when that does, but we know how to handle those types of situations tactically. But it won't really change our investment levels and what we believe will be the drivers for our business and really the industry over the next 5 years and 10 years. So I hope that helped, Blayne. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And that question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question. I have a question on your Embedded versus Analog margins. I'm curious, how much of that delta is at a gross margin level, and how much is at an OpEx intensity level? And if it's on a gross margin level, what levers do you have? Is it just that you can move a greater proportion of these products to 300-millimeter? Or  I'm just trying to get a sense for how much improvement you can make in Embedded margins without necessarily depending on sales growth.
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Yeah, Vivek, I would say we disclosed for, by segment, the revenue and the operating profit, and we don't dig into too many details underneath that as to what's happened between the lines. I would say that the  at the gross margin level, obviously, it does benefit from our continued efforts to lower our manufacturing cost. So that's clearly happening inside there from an OpEx standpoint, we have been reducing OpEx for a couple years, up through about May of last year. We've got that OpEx now mostly at the level that we want it at. So it really is a question of being able to drive revenue growth and get leverage off the OpEx that we have. And that leverage then falls straight through to free cash flow, which is a direct benefit, of course, to our shareholders based upon the formula that we've talked about with capital management. So that's how we tend to look at it, as opposed to trying to force a model on it that the two segments being comparable; we look at what they can actually generate, bottom line.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Do you have a follow-on, Vivek?
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thanks, Dave. So maybe you could help us quantify how much of your Analog sales are on 300-millimeter now and how much of your Embedded sales are on 300-millimeter? Thank you.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah. And, Vivek, we talked about in our capital management call, that we ended last year with about $2 billion of our Analog revenues, which were roughly about $8 billion in that year, on 300-millimeter, so approximately 25% of revenue. I will say that when you look at that factory where we're building it, we call it  it's our Richardson Fab, or we call it RFAB for short. That'll support $5 billion of revenue when it's completely full. And if you look at that $5 billion, one of the reasons why we believe that our manufacturing and technology is one of the competitive advantages that we've got is because that $5 billion is significantly larger than any of our Analog competitors that we've got. So that level of scale just doesn't make sense for them. And beyond RFAB, we've got and qualified our second 300-millimeter factory that we creatively called DMOS6, that just sits a little less than a mile from the office that we're currently in. So I can say that we did qualify that at the end of last year as we were anticipating, and we have revenue-generating wafers that are running through that factory today. So we'll update next year on our capital management call where we stand on that overall utilization. Our intention is to build more product inside of there, but we'll wait until then to update it.
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: And just a different part of your question, Vivek, that DMOS6 that Dave was just talking about is shared with Embedded Processing, in fact, so that is where some of the Embedded Processing 300-millimeter production occurs at.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, that's great. Okay. Thank you, Vivek. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: The next caller will be Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes. Thank you. Great execution. I guess, the first question that I have is I was hoping you can comment a little bit on what customers are telling you these days as it relates to the consolidation the industry is seeing. I mean, are they coming to you and perhaps asking you to get into certain businesses? Because I assume they must be a little bit concerned about there being less and less suppliers. Just curious if some of those discussions have already happened with your customers?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: The only time that we had a conversation with our customers about consolidation was when we acquired National Semiconductor, and at that point in time, we had a lot of customers congratulate us and pleased that we were doing it because they knew we were friendly with business terms. Aside from that, I cannot point to any example of a customer coming to us and saying anything about the consolidation going on in the industry and what they think we should be doing about it.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, and I'll just add to that, Tore. If you think of the business model that we're trying to put together, it's not focused on one customer or one or two products, where if you saw consolidation as an OEM, you might have significant concerns and maybe go to one of those companies' competitors. So I think to a large extent, that's probably why we don't have those overall concerns. Obviously, as you know, the Analog market continues to be extremely fragmented both from a customer base, as well as suppliers, even with the consolidation that we've seen. You have a follow-up, Tore?
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, that's really helpful. As a follow-up, just back to the near-term environment, so you talked about the sell-throughs probably being a bit better than expected. Do you think that was basically customers being too conservative? Or do you think customers are actually seeing strengthening in demand on their end?
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Well, I would just say, Tore, overall I think that we're operating in a similar macro environment to what we've seen in actually recent years, and that's just an environment that I'd say that it's okay, if I used one word to describe it. It's not really strong. It's not really weak, and we're operating in that type of environment. I think the benefit of us having consignment and having consignment with distribution is that our revenues more closely match that demand. That doesn't mean that they can't change quickly in the future at some point, but certainly we're shipping what we believe or what we know for sure on that portion of demand is  or those shipments is very, very close to actual demand and consumption. So thank you, Tore. And with that, we've got time for one more caller.
Operator: Sure. And that question will come from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen & Company.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you so much. I guess I had two. First of all, can you talk a little bit about Brexit? I know that it seems like you're not seeing any impact from it, but can you talk just a little bit about whether you saw any perturbations around it? Or you've seen any stints? Or sort of what might worry you with anything around Brexit going forward?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Tim, I would say that we really  it's pretty much impossible for us to be able to make a comment directly on that. Indications I've seen, the British economy is probably about 4% of the global GDP, so even if there's a wobble inside that economy, it's going to be really hard for us to be able to detect it. I would say that what we really do see is our customers are global. They sell globally, and it's a larger macro environment that we're in. And as Dave said a few minutes ago, that macro environment has been, and we believe will continue to be relatively slow, and so it's up to us to execute as best we can inside of it to gain market share.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: You follow, Tim?
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. And then  yeah, yeah. And then just back to personal electronics, I'm going to ask it sort of a little bit of a different way. I think you said last call that it would be a little less of a headwind in the second quarter than it was in Q1, and it sounds like it was less of a year-over-year headwind. Can you commit at least to it being even less of a headwind in the third calendar quarter? I guess the reason why I ask is because it's a pretty big hockey stick as this all normalizes, so I'm just trying to sort of figure out when that hockey stick is going to come. Thanks.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah. Well, I won't try to get that granular on any one customer or any one market in providing a forecast. I'll just say that typically and what we saw last year, certainly PE had a very strong back half, right? And we saw the demand weaken very, very late in the quarter, so we've seen a headwind year-on-year the last two quarters as we described. So I won't put together a forecast for you in the second half, but I'd just point out that we did have a very strong second half last year.
David Pahl - Vice President & Head of Investor Relations: So I hope that helps a little bit. And with that, we will wrap up, and thank you for joining us today. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for your participation today.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-28 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Dave Pahl - VP, IR Kevin March - SVP, CFO
Analysts: Romit Shah - Nomura John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Chris Danley - Citi Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Tore Svanberg - Stifel Nicolaus Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments 1Q16 Earnings Release Conference. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead.
Dave Pahl: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web as well. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. I'll start with a quick summary. Revenue for the quarter was in the upper half of our expected range. Compared with the year ago, notable market activity for our products included continuing strength in automotive as well as improvement in the industrial and communications equipment. Revenue was down 5% due to the weakness in personal electronics market, which declined as expected. Our core businesses of analog and embedded processing comprised 87% of first quarter revenue. Analog revenue declined 8%, while embedded processing revenue grew 8%.  Earnings per share were $0.65. With that backdrop, Kevin and I will move on to the details of our performance which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of our business model. In the first quarter, our cash flow from operations was $547 million. We believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-month period was $3.7 billion, up 1% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin was 28.4% of revenue, up from 27.3% a year ago and consistent with our targeted range of 20% to 30% of revenue. We continue to benefit from our improved product portfolio and the efficiencies of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300 millimeter analog output and the opportunistic purchase of assets ahead of demand. We believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it's returned to shareholders or productively invested in the business. For the trailing 12-month period, we returned $4.2 billion of cash to our investors through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. Analog revenue decreased 8% from a year ago. The decline was primarily due to high volume, analog and logic. Power management and high-performance analog also declined, while Silicon Valley analog grew. Embedded processing revenue increased 8% from a year ago due to growth in all three product lines, led by processors. Our investments in embedded are translating into tangible results as this quarter's revenue is a record. In our other segment, revenue declined 10% from a year ago, primarily due to custom ASIC products. Compared with a year ago, distributor resales decreased 4% due to lower demand and personal electronics that I described earlier. Inventory increased a couple of days to about 4-1/2 weeks. We believe this inventory level continues to reflect an environment of good product availability due to healthy TI inventories and stable lead times, which, together, drive high customer service metric. As a reminder, inventory in our distribution channel has decreased over the past few years because of our consignment program. Now provide some insight into this quarter's revenue performance by end-market versus a year ago. Automotive demand remained very strong driven by infotainment and hybrid electric vehicle and powertrain systems. Industrial demand strengthened broadly with most sectors growing. Within personal electronics, we had a portion of demand that declined about $150 million as expected. Overall personal electronics was down more than that, primarily due to mobile phones. Communications equipment was about even from a year ago, an improvement from last quarter when it was down about 15%. And finally, enterprise systems declined. We continue to focus on making our company stronger through manufacturing and technology, the breadth of our product portfolio, the reach of our market channels, and our diverse and long-lived positions. These four attributes taken together are at the core of what puts TI in a unique class of companies able to -- capable of long-term free cash flow growth. Kevin will now review profitability, capital management, and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $1.82 billion and was 60.6% of revenue, a new record. From a year ago, gross profit margin increased 290 basis points, primarily due to lower manufacturing costs, as well as a higher percentage of more profitable products. Operating expenses were $774 million, about even with the year-ago period. Over the last 12 months we've invested $1.27 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. Acquisition charges were $80 million, all of which were for the ongoing amortization of intangibles, which is a non-cash expense. Operating profit was $968 million or 32.2% of revenue. Operating profit was up 1% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for analog was 36.1%. Operating margin for embedded processing was 25.0%, 670 basis points higher than a year ago, as we focused our investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions. Net income in the first quarter was $668 million or $0.65 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $547 million in the quarter. Inventory days were 137, as we staged our inventory for increased shipments in the second quarter. Also included were three to four days of inventory associated with a portion of the personal electronics market that started to flow late in the fourth quarter. We expect to ship this material later this year. Capital expenditures were $124 million in the quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, cash flow from operations was $4.21 billion, up 4% from the same period a year ago. Trailing 12-month capital expenditures were $552 million or 4% of revenue. As a reminder, our long-term expectation is for capital expenditures to be about 4% of revenue, which include the expansion of our 300-millimeter analog capacity. Free cash flow for the past 12 months was $3.65 billion or 28.4% of revenue. Free cash flow was 1% higher than a year ago. This growth reflects the continued strength of our business model. As we said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term and will be valued only for this return to shareholders or productively reinvested in the business. As we've noted, our intent is to return 100% of our free cash flow plus any proceeds we receive from exercise of equity compensation, minus net debt retirement. In the first quarter we paid $383 million in dividends and repurchased $630 million of our stock for a total of $1.01 billion. Total cash returned to shareholders in the past 12 months was $4.17 billion. Outstanding share count was reduced by 3.6% over the past 12 months and by 41% since the end of 2004 when we initiated a program designed to produce our share count. These returns demonstrate our confidence in our business model and our commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders. Fundamental to our commitment to return cash are our cash management and tax practices. We ended the first quarter with $2.80 billion of cash and short-term investments with our US entities owning the 80% of our cash. Because our cash is largely onshore, it is readily available for a variety of uses. Our orders in the quarter were $3.09 billion, down 4% from a year ago. Turning to our outlook, for the second quarter we expect revenue in the range of $3.07 billion to $3.33 billion, and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.67 to $0.77. Acquisition charges, which are non-cash amortization charges, will remain about even and hold at about $80 million per quarter to the third quarter of 2019. They'll then decline to about $50 million per quarter for two additional years. Our expectation for our annual effective tax rate in 2016 is about 30%, and this is the tax rate you should use for the second quarter and for the year. So in summary, we believe our first quarter results demonstrate the strength of our business model. And with that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for additional follow-up. Erica [ph]?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to the line of Romit Shah. Please go ahead.
Romit Shah - Nomura: Yes, thank you, and excellent results. Could you give us a little bit more color on what's driving the revenues in Q2 by end-market?
Dave Pahl: Yeah, Romit. We don't typically provide a forecast by end-market. However, if there's any large shifts, we'll talk about that, you know, much like we did last quarter within a sector in personal electronics. I can say that that demand we would expect to grow sequentially, but it will be down significantly from a year ago. And I'd also say that, outside of that, we would expect the rest of our business to grow both sequentially and year over year.
Romit Shah - Nomura: Okay. And yeah, just -- yeah, I know that the conversation to 300-millimeter has been an important part of the improvement in margin profile, and I was wondering if you could just update us on how much of the portfolio is converted to 300 and how much is left.
Kevin March: Romit, I'll go ahead and talk to that. Roughly a quarter of our analog revenue was generated on 300 millimeter last year. We have total internal capability about $8 billion, so we're using about a quarter of that capability at this point in time. Just to remind everyone else who's listening, the reason the 300 millimeter is so important to us is really the economics at the factory level. We get about 2.3 times as many chips per wafer on a 300 millimeter versus the 200 millimeter. The wafer processing cost is about 1.4 times as much. So if you do the math, that means the actual die cost is only about 60% as much on a 300 millimeter as a 200 millimeter wafer. When you kind of take that all the way through to finished goods, all things being equal we wind up with a higher gross margin on those chips to manufacture 300 millimeter. So that's increasingly important to us. As we look out in the future, again we've got about probably $6 billion of growth capacity in 300 millimeter and we continue to increase our loadings in that space. In fact on a year-over-year basis we actually had more starts on 300 millimeter than a year ago.
Dave Pahl: Good. And I'll just add to Kevin's comment, that as we reported last quarter, we qualified our second 300 millimeter fab, which is DMOS 6, and we do have product running in that fab today. So, thank you, Romit. We'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: I'll take our next question from the line of John Pitzer. Please go ahead, your line is open.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yeah, good afternoon guys. Solid execution as always. I guess, could you talk a little bit about the embedded processing op margin improvements? If memory serves me correct, when you got out of the wireless business, you didn't get out of all the costs and you put a lot of that cost into the embedded processing market. If I look at sort of the incremental margin, op margin sequentially, it's greater than 60%. Are we sort of at a tipping point here with that kind of the incremental op margin we should start to see about this business? And is there any reason why the embedded op margin shouldn't converge with the analog op margins over time?
Kevin March: Yeah, John. You might recall was for the year ago we were still in the process of winding up some restructuring items in the embedded processing segment. That finished about the middle of the second quarter, that bled over into the middle of the second quarter. [Inaudible] now we're seeing the benefit of those cost restructurings. The margin improvement that we'll see [inaudible] solid 25% operating profit a quarter, and that's really much closer to what we expect from that business segment. As you noted, we had about, quarter over quarter, about a 62% pull-through [ph] to operating profit from the revenue growth. And as we go forward, the focus of that division will be primarily on very solid cost containment and cost management, but a lot of energy on growing the top line and growing revenue. So that it can continue to drop through more profit as we go forward. I won't attempt to characterize whether or not it achieves the same sort of levels as analog, but we are confident there remains room of improvement in that overall P&L, primarily from continued cost containment and a drive towards revenue growth.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: You mentioned, as my follow-up, you mentioned in your prepared comments some of the inventory growth you saw in the March quarter. Just kind of curious how long it takes to get back closer to trend, as you exit June, would you expect to see days closer to your trend line, or how should we think about that?
Kevin March: Yeah. I think what's actually interesting, John, is our dollars of inventory are actually down year over year. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, our days of inventory were up, and that's up on the expectation of increased shipments in the second quarter. And plus there's a few extra days that are inside that 1Q inventory as a result of the slowdown in personal electronics that we mentioned 90 days ago. We expect that material is going to ship over the balance of the year. And between the increased shipments in 2Q and the shipments of that personal electronics material, we'll see the days of inventory drift back down comfortably inside our model, very similar to what we saw last year. If you go back and take a look last year, we were also a little bit higher in the first quarter, anticipation of second quarter growth, and then days drifted down as we came through the year.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, John. And we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Toshiya Hari. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Participant: Hi. This is Charles [ph] on for Toshiya. Your Q2 guide at the midpoint, flat to down year-over-year growth, I was kind of wondering when you expect to kind of return to growth and what the drivers of that will be.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. So I think if you look at the midpoint, you're right, the year-over-year growth would be down about 1%. As we talked about before, we, on a year-over-year basis, we'll still have the growth impacted due to the weakness inside of personal electronics. Outside of that, we expect to see our businesses growing both sequentially and year on year, and again I think that we're on a good position to capitalize on the trends of industrial and automotive. We think longer term that that's where the growth in our industry will come from. And just as a reminder, we had last year about 46% of our revenues driven by there. So we feel good with where our products are positioned.
Unidentified Participant: Got it. And then gross margin performance was strong, if you want. Outside of lower depreciation and incremental 300 millimeter revenues, where are the other factors that are going to drive upside from here?
Kevin March: Well, you hit two important ones. So we have lower manufacturing costs year over year, driven by, as you mentioned, lower depreciation and increased 300 millimeter wafer starts. But we also had a retromix of overall products. As Dave mentioned in his prepared remarks, industrial was up very solidly for us, and in the industrial space we enjoy a very nice mix of overall profitability. So you have that combination of events going on. And again, to Dave's comments a moment ago, as we continue to see content growth in industrial and automotive, we would expect to continue to see an improvement on our mix from a profitability standpoint too as we look out over the quarters and years. So it's all coming together very nicely for us right now.
Dave Pahl: Okay, great. Thank you. And we'll go to our next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. In the quarter, OpEx came in a little higher. I was wondering if you could tell us the driver, what drove that, and what your thoughts are for OpEx for Q2.
Kevin March: Yes, Stacy, OpEx did come in a little bit higher than what we had planned for. There really wasn't any one thing that drove that. There's just a number of small things that were being taken care of in the quarter. As we look into second quarter, recall that 1Q includes about two months' worth of our annual pay and benefit increases. If you look into 2Q you'll need to account for that, that we would have the full three months of pay and benefit increases. I'd expect the change quarter to quarter to be very similar to what you saw last year.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Got it. Thank you, that's helpful. For my follow-up, I wanted to dig a little bit into the comm infrastructure impact on both embedded processing as well as others. So, embedded dropped 8% year over year. You noted within your other business that your ASIC, custom ASICs, are down year over year. I think both of those tend to be driven very highly by comm infrastructure. Can you help us understand the differential between those two businesses? Is one of them eating the other for example?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. So, first, let me talk about our embedded business. So, our embedded business, as you remember, has three product lines inside of it. Micro-controllers and processors are both about 45% of that revenue, and connectivity makes up about 10% of that revenue. So we saw growth in all three of those businesses, they all grew very nicely. But it was led by processors. So our communications infrastructure, processors would be inside of that business, but we also sell automotive products that are inside of that business that drove that growth. The -- in the other business, the custom ASIC business, I'll just say that we saw a different mix of products to customers, so it's not always the same. We've got some customers where we only sell both embedded and analog into those customers. So -- and that said, this is a reminder longer term, we do expect that the custom ASIC business will decline, because that functionality is being absorbed into our SOCs inside of the embedded business, so. Thank you --
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you guys.
Dave Pahl: -- Stacy. We'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Could you just talk about the outperformance in gross margin? You said 300 millimeters. I was just curious what the utilization rates are. And as you look into Q2, it seems that guidance implies kind of sustaining at that level. I just want to make sure that was right and what you're expecting to do with utilizations there.
Kevin March: Yeah, the utilizations actually haven't changed that much in a number of quarters and we don't expect it to change much in the next quarter or two either. The amount of wafers that we're starting are pretty consistent as we go across the quarters. And Blayne, you can kind of see that in -- when our days of inventory is up in 1Q, we're building for increased shipments in 2Q that allows us to run the factories at pretty close to similar utilizations quarter over quarter, rather than ramping them up and down to meet in-quarter demand. So I wouldn't expect utilization to change that much going into the next couple of quarters just as it hasn't in the last number of quarters.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital: Got you. And then just my follow-up, you had a correction in consumer as you pointed out. As you look into the back half of the year, you said you expected to sell through. So do you expect your content in those types of [ph] applications to be roughly similar this year and therefore you should see a similar ramp like you did last year?
Dave Pahl: Yeah, we haven't given color on how much content we have. I'll just say that, when we do engage where we like to be able to engage inside of personal electronics, those types of products that we'll sell across multiple generations of products, and that's not always the case on every product that we make an investment in, but that's where we want to steer our investment dollars. So we're confident that, as we build that inventory, that we'll have demand in the back half. We won't try to predict at this point what that demand will look like, so. Thank you, Blayne, and good to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the site of Harlan Sur. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Another solid showing by the embedded business. You pointed out particular strength in processors, I think you guys talked about comms as a driver there, and maybe some automotive. But your MCU products also grew nicely year over year. Maybe you can just give us some insights on the end-market/applications that drove the growth in that sub-segment.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. You know, our MCU business is really a great business that we're building. And as you know, we've been investing in that business for some time. We've got and continued to invest both in TI-based architectures as well as ARM-based architectures, and we've got customers that want to have both of those. And we continue to be selective on where we make those investments. Part of the, you know, the way that you differentiate those products is by having peripherals that are optimized for different types of applications. We developed micro-controllers that are targeted for ultra-low-power battery-backed operations that'll be in-fielded for, in some cases, decades, as well as very high-performance-based microcontrollers, so. And we've got very strong connectivity solutions, both wired, but as well as wireless. And that crosses over into our connectivity business that we've got there and that we support over a dozen different interface or wireless standards inside of that business. So, again, very, very broad-based, and we really are encouraged by the results of that business. You have a follow-on, Harlan?
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan: Yeah. But in the industrial markets, which was obviously an area of strength for you guys in the March quarter, you guys have talked previously about servicing like I think 14 different sub-segments, so, very broad.
Dave Pahl: You're correct.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan: You've also talked about content gains in industrial, which is kind of a similar dynamic to the automotive segment. Any of those sub-segments within industrial that are showing more of a bias towards more dollar content gains on a go-forward basis?
Dave Pahl: Yeah, I think, Harlan, the one nice thing about automotive is we can more easily identify what unit SAR growth is and there's enough analysts that follow that market that we can track with the semiconductor content gain. And there we think that there's probably somewhere around $350 on average that sells into an automotive. That's a number that's been growing very nicely. When I look at that, that's probably about 1% of the average sales price of a car, so it's not too hard to imagine that that number will continue to grow and grow significantly over the future. When you contrast that to industrial, and we think we're in the very early stages of maybe where we were three, five years ago in the automotive market with industrial, you really can't do that same type of analysis, unfortunately, because we've got 14 different sectors that we sell into. Underneath that there are literally hundreds of different end equipment that we track and develop solutions for. And there's just a very, very wide variety of applications. So we can see it going on. And the beauty of it is it's not just one thing. It really is a growth on a very broad basis. And I think that that's reflected in our numbers, not only this quarter but it's been reflected in the numbers for a number of quarters now. So we really look forward to that opportunity in the future. Okay, Harlan. Thank you. And we'll move on to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. One more on gross margins. Is the 60.6% the new baseline and we should model the flow-through from this level, or are there any mix benefits that are helping you in the first half that might reverse when the smartphone shipments start to ramp in the second half?
Kevin March: Well, you'll have several things going on across that. That's a pretty tough call to make and more time to get too precise. We would expect industrial and automotive to continue to be a growing portion of our revenue over time. That's where we're focusing our attention, especially R&D dollars. We also expect more starts, as we look out into the future, proportionately more starts on 300 millimeter, which is lower cost wafers. We would also expect the depreciation and declines that we've been seeing this past year to continue, albeit at a slower pace than what we've seen in the last few quarters. So those will give you tailwinds, so even if you do have some of these other products start back up, [inaudible] mix going on inside there that these margins that we're operating at right now are probably representative of what the portfolio can do for our shareholders.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. [Inaudible] Kevin. And as my follow-up, you mentioned that sales growth in Q1 plus what you're guiding to Q2, excluding, I don't recall whether you said personal electronics or just your largest customer, that sales growth is actually up year on year. Could you help us quantify what that growth trend is versus last year?
Dave Pahl: Yeah, Vivek, we're not being that precise. We just wanted to give some color generally that, you know, where we had that headwind and the demand changing late in the fourth quarter, that that portion of our demand inside of personal electronics, that we expect that it will grow sequentially but be down significantly year over year. And we just haven't gotten more precise than that, so. Okay. Thank you, Vivek. And we'll move on to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thanks for letting me ask the question guys. I guess the first question would be, your first quarter came in at the high end of the range. Can you just talk about what was the positive surprise in the quarter? And maybe associated with that, Dave, I think in the past you have given sequential end-market performance to match what you've given and then year over year, if that helps to answer both questions, that will be great.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So again as we had said earlier, that portion of demand where we saw weakness came in about as we expected. The strength was more broad-based, and we continue to, obviously, to see strength in automotive and then the improvement in industrial and comms equipment. So, very, very broad-based strength that we saw. So the second part of your question was sequentially. What we saw from the trends there, no surprise that automotive remained very strong, and it was driven by infotainment as well as the hybrid electric and powertrain systems. Industrial, again we had growth across almost every sector inside of industrial. Personal electronics down, with most sectors declining. And comms equipment was up sequentially, and that was the third quarter in a row that it actually grew. And then enterprise systems was up due to projectors. So, did you have a follow-on, Ross?
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Yeah, I'll make it quick. And you just talked about the comms side, the third quarter in a row it's been up. Generally, how do you think about that versus where we are after earning a ton of inventory and now coming back, are we to the point where we're shipping to end-demand and then now we can grow or shrink with that, or is there some other dynamics going on?
Dave Pahl: Can you repeat the first part of the question? Because you just cut out a little bit on our side.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Sure, I'm sorry. So you said your comms business was actually up for the third quarter in a row.
Dave Pahl: Right.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Obviously that had fallen due to the end-market before that.
Dave Pahl: Yeah.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: So the question is, do you think you're back to shipping to end-demand and what do you view to be the growth trajectory of that business longer term?
Dave Pahl: Yup. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. I would say that, you know, that business, as you know, Ross, has always remained choppy, and we had a very strong period of growth going back a year ago, followed by declines that we saw last year. It's just, you know, it's really tough to be able to predict what's going to happen in that market. And we just positioned product and inventory to be able to respond if that demand will continue to strengthen. And if it doesn't, we know how to react in that environment too. So it still continues to be a really good business for us. We continue to make investments in it. And we just know that it'll be choppy. Longer term, we don't view it as a market that will be a growth. We don't think that operators will take their CapEx spending up over the next 5, 10, 15 years. But we do think that there will continue to be shifts in how they spend that money. So we continue to make investments where we believe that that growth will be in the future. So, thank you very much and we'll move to the next caller please.
Operator: Yes. We'll take our next question from the site of Chris Danley. Please go ahead.
Chris Danley - Citi: Hey. Thanks guys. I apologize if these questions have been asked before. I got on here late, I was listening to Zylex [ph] slamming my head against my desk. It sounds like you're guiding for a roughly seasonal, slightly below seasonal environment. If you could just kind of compare now versus a quarter ago, versus a year ago or the last six months how you feel overall about the overall environment. Is it seasonal, a little below seasonal, better than seasonal, getting better, getting worse? Any comments there?
Dave Pahl: Well, I'd just make the observation that we believe we're just continuing to operate in a very similar macro-environment that we've seen in the last few quarters and even in the recent years. And our guidance obviously is our best estimate of how we'll perform. So we try to stay away from making any precise comments on what a seasonal quarter looks like. As you know, Chris, just -- because if you look at the numbers, there's usually a pretty wide variation on what an average would tell you that it would be. So again, just very similar macro-environment to what we've seen. You have a follow-up?
Chris Danley - Citi: Yeah. Real quick, just on channel inventory and distribution inventory. I think you said that channel inventory was up a couple of days, around 4-1/2 weeks. Do you expect channel inventory or disti inventory to go up again in Q2? And then if you could just give us kind of the range that channel inventory/disti inventory has been in for the last, call it, two or three years, is this basically the bottom or a little off the bottom or closer to the peak, or where would that be?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Well, we've, as you know, we've, several years ago, implemented our consignment program, so I think we still continue to learn what the right level in that -- in the channel will be. And I'd just say that if we could actually convert all of our shipments and distributions to consignment and carry that inventory ourselves, we'd actually prefer to do that. So if anything, we'd encourage our distributors to take advantage of those programs. We've operated I'd say around four weeks to 4-1/2 weeks I think for some time. That number probably, you know, somewhere in that range, even if it drifted up a little bit, it always just depends on the products that's out there and the speed at which it turns. But we've got other peers that measure the inventory in months, and not weeks. So we're very, you know, efficient on how we use that channel. And it works out really well for both of us and our distributor partners. So we feel very good about where that level is overall. So thank you, Chris, and we'll go to the next caller please.
Chris Danley - Citi: Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon guys. I guess, question from me, I think the lower depreciation helped you guys on the gross margins about 130 basis points year over year. Do you think that magnitude can sustain throughout calendar 2016 or should we think about depreciation dollars to be more of a flat [inaudible]?
Kevin March: I made a comment a few minutes ago that the rate of depreciation, decline, that we have seen over the past year is -- will slow down meaningfully as we go into 2016. Recall that, from a capital spending standpoint, our model is to spend about 4% of our revenues on CapEx, which we have been doing for the last couple of years, and we expect to continue this year. Our depreciation runs more than 4%, so clearly they'll have to converge at some point. Our depreciable life on most of our equipment is five years. And you may recall that it was about five years ago when we brought on several new factories, one in Izu [ph], some equipment to be brought in to our fab here in the Dallas area, and a factory we bought in China. And so we're seeing those depreciation occurrence roll down now. So the rate of the decline that we saw over the last few quarters this past year will slow down, although it will still decline as we go into 2016.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And if I just follow up, I think you guys have about a billion dollars of debt that's due in the month of May. Is the thought process to just pay that off with cash on hand and roll it forward, and what would that implication have for your interest expense line as you go forward?
Kevin March: Well, if we pay it off, the interest expense will clearly decline. But I expect that we'll probably do what we've done similarly in the last couple of cycles on this where we have, if the interest rates are favorable by the time we go back into the market, we'll likely pay off a portion and roll the balance into a new issue. In either case, whether we pay off the entire amount or just pay off a portion, roll over the balance, I would expect interest cost will decline by several million dollars a quarter.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Amit. And we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Please go ahead, Tore Svanberg, your line is open.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, thank you. So, Silicon Valley Analog was up year over year, and that -- I mean that's better than the industry, better than your peers. Was that mainly due to industrial and automotive strength or were there some shared gains, all the things going on there?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Tore, SVA does have a good exposure to both industrial and automotive, and that certainly helped that business.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And as my follow-up for Kevin -- Kevin, do you have a CapEx number for us for this year or should we just take 4% of whatever revenue we come up with?
Kevin March: Well, keep it simple, just take 4% of your expected revenue number and you're going to be pretty close to what we're spending.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel Nicolaus: All right. Sounds good. Great job guys. Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Tore. We'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: And we'll go next to the line of Ambrish Srivastava. Please go ahead.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Hi. Thank you. I had a question on the automotive business. Dave, we haven't talked about the momentum that you guys seem to be witnessing here. Big, sizable business, bigger than your peers, and year after year, just like the rest of the business, it's boring, but it grows. So the question I had was, where are the new opportunities that you guys are now designed if we were to look at where automotive to TI was, say, a couple of years ago? So, what should we be thinking over the next couple of years? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Sure, Ambrish. Yeah. The automotive business that we're building continues to be very, very broad-based. So we've got strong participation in both analog as well as embedded. Inside of embedded we've got both processors and microcontrollers, as well as even some connectivity designs inside of that business. From an analog standpoint, it actually is very, very broad-based. And one of the things that we've been focused on is broadening the number of business units that the company participates in automotive. And I think if you went back five, ten years ago, we might have had one or two business units participating in that marketplace. And today, out of our 70 or so different business units, I think over half of them actually ship products into that marketplace. So it's very, very broad-based. We've got five what we call sectors that make up the automotive market. And again the largest one is not more than mid-single-digit as a percentage of our revenue last year. So they are -- the five segments are infotainment and cluster [inaudible] safety, advanced driver, assist systems or ADAS as it's known, body electronics which also includes lighting, and then the hybrid electric vehicle and powertrain. So we've seen growth across all of those sectors, very, very robust growth and a very broad range [ph]. So you have a follow-on, Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: No, that was it for me, Dave. Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Operator, we've got time for one more caller.
Operator: Okay. We will take our final question from the line of William Stein. Please go ahead, sir.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Hi, great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Dave, around the middle of last year I think was the first time you highlighted the potential for a 10% customer, and maybe we'd been sort of dancing around this point, but I wonder if you expect that that customer will repeat at a similar magnitude in this year.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. You know, that's a projection that I won't make on today's call. I think that they and all of our customers, we've got teams that work very, very hard to get products designed into. And with that largest customer, as we talked about before, we sell them hundreds of products, we participate in all of their major platforms. And of course the revenue would always be skewed where they ship their products, and I think they've publicly reported that about two-thirds of their revenues would be in phones. So our revenues will mirror those types of shipments. So we've got good growth in automotive, we've got -- we're seeing strengthening and broad strengthening inside of industrial. And that's a trend we'll see, how those trends continue for the balance of the year. There's a lot of time between now and the end of the year. And then we'll see what happens inside of personal electronics as well, so. You have a follow-on Will?
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Yeah, one on capacity if I can. I'm wondering if you acquired any capacity as you do periodically and if there's any update on the planned fab closure in Scotland?
Kevin March: Yeah, William, I'll go ahead and answer that one. We have been -- we continue to acquire capacity. No new factories here lately, but we do continue to pick up equipment that was quite expensive new for pretty good prices when you buy them the way we buy them. As it relates to the closure of the factory in Scotland, as a reminder, we expect that factory will not close before the end of 2018, as it has been with other factories in the past, when we close those things, they either take a couple of years. As you slowly do lifetime builds on the inventory, and on certain other parts of those factories you'll recall other existing factories. And that's just a multiyear effort. So it's progressing as plan and we again don't expect it to actually complete until about the end of 2018.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you very much, Will. And thank you all for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: We'd like to thank everybody for their participation. Please feel free to disconnect your line at any time.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-27 17:30:00) =====
Executives: David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations
Analysts: Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Christopher Adam Jackson Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC Doug Freedman - Sterne Agee CRT
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments 4Q 2015 and 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining our fourth quarter 2015 and 2015 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Before I review the quarter, let me provide some information that's important to your calendars. We plan to hold a call on February 9 at 10 a.m. Central Time to update our capital management strategy. Similar to what we've done in the past, Kevin March and I will provide insight into our strategy and we'll also answer some of the most frequently asked questions. Now, I'll start with a quick summary of our financial results. Revenue declined 2% from a year ago and was in line with our expectations, even though we experienced slowing demand within a sector of the personal electronics market late in the quarter. Despite that, overall demand was about as expected. I'll elaborate in a few moments. Our core businesses of Analog and Embedded Processing performed well in the quarter and comprised 87% of fourth quarter revenue. Earnings per share were $0.80 in the quarter and included a $0.09 benefit for two items that were not in our outlook. These two items were a $0.05 net tax benefit and $0.04 for restructuring charges, other. With that backdrop, let me move into the details of our performance, which even in the face of weaker demand within the sector of personal electronics market, continues to illustrate the ongoing strength of TI's business model. In the fourth quarter, our cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion. We believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term. Free cash flow for the year was $3.7 billion, up 6% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin was 28.6% of revenue, up from 26.9% a year ago, and consistent with our target range of 20% to 30% of revenue. We continue to benefit from the breadth and differentiation of our product portfolio and from the efficiencies of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300 millimeter analog output and the opportunistic purchase of assets ahead of demand. We also believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it's returned to shareholders or productively invested in the business. In 2015, we returned $4.2 billion of cash to investors through a combination of stock repurchases and dividends. Turning to our segments, Analog revenue decreased 2% from a year-ago quarter. Power management, high performance analog and Silicon Valley Analog declined while high volume analog and logic grew. Embedded Processing revenue increased 4% from year-ago quarter due to connectivity and microcontrollers. Processors declined. In our Other segment, revenue declined 13% from year-ago quarter due to custom ASIC and DLP products. Compared with the year-ago quarter, distribution resales decreased by 2%. Distributor inventory decreased about 1 day compared with a year ago to just above 4 weeks. We believe this inventory level continues to reflect an environment of good product availability due to healthy TI inventories and stable lead times. Together, these continue to drive high customer service metrics. For the year in total, Analog and Embedded revenue grew a combined 3% despite significant headwinds in wireless infrastructure and foreign currency exchange rates. Analog was up 3% and Embedded was up 2%. In total, Analog and Embedded were 86% of TI's revenue for the year, up from 83% in 2014. Based on data through November, we gained market share in Analog for the sixth consecutive year, and held our share gains in Embedded Processing. I'll turn now to our end market estimates for 2015. As a reminder, we provide this estimate annually of TI's revenue by the end markets our customers sell into. We break this into six categories: industrial; automotive; personal electronics, where this will include products such as PCs, phones and TVs; communications equipment; enterprise systems; and other, which is primarily calculators and royalties. Industrial and automotive combined were 46% of TI's revenue, up a couple of percentage points from last year due to automotive strength. Specifically, industrial made up 31% of TI's revenue, automotive 15%, personal electronics 30%, communications equipment 13%, enterprise systems 6% and other 5%. Of note, Apple, whose revenue is within personal electronics market, contributed approximately 11% of our revenue in 2015. Kevin will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Thank you, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $1.87 billion, a decline of 2% versus a year ago due to lower revenue, partially offset by lower manufacturing costs. As a percent of revenue, gross profit set a new record of 58.5%. Operating expenses for the quarter totaled $711 million, down $29 million from a year ago, primarily in SG&A. The decline reflects continued cost management across the company, including the previously announced targeted reductions in Embedded Processing in Japan, partially offset by higher compensation-related costs. Acquisition charges were $81 million, almost all of which were the ongoing amortization of intangibles, which is a non-cash expense. Restructuring charges other was $68 million, which included gains on sales of two properties. It also included a $17 million charge in preparation for the closure of a site, which we announced today in our earnings release. We anticipate about $2 million of quarterly charges through the fourth quarter of 2018 for a total charge of about $40 million. We expect the transition to more cost-effective 200 millimeter fabs to take about three years and result in annualized savings of about $35 million per year. Operating profit was $1.14 billion, or 35.8% of revenue. Operating profit was up 4% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 38.0%. Operating margin for Embedded Processing was 23.4%, 6 percentage points higher than a year ago as we continue to focus investments on our best growth opportunities. Net income in the fourth quarter was $836 million, or $0.80 per share. As a reminder, earnings per share included a $0.05 net tax benefit primarily due to the reinstatement of the federal research tax credit, and a net benefit of $0.04 from restructuring other charges. I'll now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.43 billion in the quarter. Inventory days were 115, up 4 days sequentially and down 2 days from a year ago. We plan to provide an update on our inventory model in our capital management call on Tuesday, February 9. Capital expenditures were $164 million in the quarter. In 2015, cash flow from operations was $4.27 billion, up 10% from the same period a year ago. For the year, capital expenditures were $551 million, or 4% of revenue. As a reminder, our long-term expectation is for capital expenditures to be about 4% of revenue, which includes the expansion of our 300 millimeter analog capacity, on which we will provide an update in our capital management call in February. Free cash flow for the year was $3.72 billion, up 6% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin was 28.6% of revenue, up 170 basis points from a year ago. Our free cash flow growth reflects the continued strength of our business model. As we've said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term and will be valued only if it's returned to shareholders or productively reinvested in the business. As we've noted, our intent is to return 100% of our free cash flow plus any proceeds we receive from exercise of equity compensation minus any net debt retirement. In the fourth quarter, TI paid $386 million in dividends and repurchased $627 million of our stock for a total return of $1.01 billion. Total cash returned in 2015 was $4.19 billion. Outstanding share count was reduced by 3.4% over the past 12 months and by 41% since the end of 2004, when we initiated our repurchase program designed to reduce our share count. These returns demonstrate our confidence in TI's business model and our commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders. Fundamental to our commitment to return cash are our cash management and tax practices, which are designed to make cash available for a variety of uses, including paying dividends and repurchasing our stock. We ended the fourth quarter with $3.22 billion of cash and short-term investments, with 82% of that cash onshore, making it available to return to shareholders. TI orders in the quarter were $3.10 billion, down 2% from a year ago. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $2.85 billion to $3.09 billion in the first quarter. This includes significantly weaker demand within the sector of the personal electronics market. Specifically, we expect a year-over-year decline of about $150 million within the sector of our personal electronics revenue. Except for this area of weakness, our expectations for the remainder of our business are about even with the year-ago quarter. We expect first quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.57 to $0.67. Acquisition charges, which are non-cash amortization charges, will remain about even and hold at about $80 million per quarter through the third quarter of 2019. They will then decline to about $50 million per quarter for two additional years. Our expectation for our annual effective tax rate in 2016 is about 30% and this is the tax rate that you should use for the first quarter and for the year. In closing, I'll note that growth in our industry in 2015 was slower than we expected when we came into the year. However, our unique advantages in manufacturing and technology, portfolio breadth, market reach, and our diverse and long-lived product positions enabled important milestones in the year. These included expansion of 300 millimeter analog production, gross margin improvement of 130 basis points to a new record level, operating margin improvements of 260 basis points, and free cash flow margin improvement of 170 basis points to a new record level. We will continue to feed our unique advantages through disciplined capital allocation and focus on the best growth opportunities, which I believe will enable us to continue to improve. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible the opportunity to ask a question, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go to our first question from Chris Danely with Citi.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey thanks, guys. Can you just divulge to us the market on personal electronics that is causing all the weakness? And if it is handsets, which probably doesn't come as a huge surprise. Maybe also comment on the other end markets, especially PCs where some of the other semiconductor companies have talked about a little bit of weakening in PCs and what you guys are seeing in that end market.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Okay, Chris. The sector where we saw the weaknesses you were guessing is mobile phones and we did see that sector weaken late in the quarter, in the back half of the month of December. If I just take and look at for the year how our end markets did, I'll put that into perspective. I'll start with an area of strength in automotive. That grew in the mid teens. Most of the sectors inside of that growing, growing double-digits. Industrial revenue was about even for the year and we had about half of the sectors there were increasing, offset by the others. Personal electronics, as we've just talked about, grew single-digits. I'll note that we had certainly growth in one customer that grew significantly that year, but that was primarily offset by declines in others. So therefore our percentage of our revenue in personal electronics really didn't change too much. It went from 29% last year to 30% this year. Communications equipment was down 20%. And that was primarily driven by wireless infrastructure and that was down around 30% for the year. And then finally, enterprise systems was down slightly due to projectors. So with that said, Chris, I think as we talked about earlier in our prepared remarks, outside of that one area of weakness, everything else came in about as we had expected. So that would be inclusive of PCs and the other areas that you talked about. You have a follow on?
Operator: We'll go next to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Okay, Chris, if you have  go ahead, John.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah thanks, guys. Just to follow up, you talked about Apple being an 11% customer for the full year. I'm wondering if you could talk about the linearity of that percentage as the year progressed. Did they exit the year as a larger customer? And as you think about the weakness in Q1 in smartphones, do you feel like you're at a build level that's significantly below sell-through so Q1 will represent a bottom in that weakness? Or how do you handicap that?
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, so our revenue profile inside of personal electronics obviously will be more back half-weighted. As that customer did well in the marketplace, obviously our revenues would be reflective of that. I could point out that we sell very diverse set of products to that customer and in fact, hundreds of products to it and products in every major platform. That said, I think that the revenues of that customer reported to be somewhere around two-thirds of it is in smartphones, and you'd expect, since we've got a pretty diverse position across the customer, our revenues would be very similar. So, and certainly, I think that whenever you have a fairly significant change in demand of any customer, their supply chain considerations where you've got different pieces of inventory sitting inside of that supply chain, we happen to be on the beginning part of that supply chain. So I won't try to handicap where that is. That's where we think the demand will come in in first quarter and we'll see. We'll make a prediction on second quarter later.
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Yeah, I might just add on that demand profile. We did discuss that we expect about $150 million year-over-year decline attributable to this particular sector in personal electronics. The rest will be about even with last year.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Right, good point. John, do you have a follow-up?
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah, Kevin, just to follow-up on that. With the rest of the business even from last year, there's clearly a lot of investor angst about the macro in general. And clearly, if you look at your business profile throughout 2015 and excluded Apple, you saw some weakness in the rest of your business starting in the June quarter. You'd had a couple of quarters of year-over-year declines in total revenue, even as personal electronics has done strongly. And so when you look at the macro concerns that are out there, do you feel like that that's been fully reflected in the June, September, December numbers, and that you're now coming out of this? Or how do you handicap our macro concerns onto your forward-looking guidance?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: John, I think that at the highest level, we think we're continuing to operate in a relatively weak macro economy as we have been for the last couple of years. So nothing terribly exciting in the economy as a whole. If we kind of look at the comparison we're talking about, recall that a year ago, we were seeing sharp declines occurring in communications infrastructure and we're also seeing some pretty stiff headwinds in the form of foreign exchange where if the rate of exchange moving against us from the US dollar strength standpoint. So despite that, when you take a look at all that, we actually see aside from this one sector of personal electronics, the balance of it's going to be about even on a year-over-year basis. So again, the headlines that we're seeing on the macro front and a lot of the angst that you mentioned certainly sounds real, but actually from a demand signal standpoint from our customers, it's consistent with what I just said. We continue to operate in a weak macro environment, with lots of cross currents going on. Again, last year's weakening in comms infrastructure, very strong auto, foreign exchange issues that we were dealing with. This year, we don't see where those things are coming into play right now.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, and I'll just add that I think that inside of that weak macro economy, just the diversity of our products and the business model, we continue to operate extremely well inside of that environment. Thank you, John, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Danely.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Hey, Chris.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks for letting me ask the follow up. I thought you had something against short people. Just a quick one, so Kevin, as you mentioned, it's kind of a flat environment. You still managed to grow earnings 8% in 2015. So in 2016, if things are flat to down, maybe talk about some of the leverage you guys have or would pull to try and keep earnings flat or could we see earnings be down again? Or excuse me, be down in this year.
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Yeah, there's a lot of assumptions inside there, Chris. But let me just remind you as to the moving parts that are going on here. And you can spot it if you take a look at the release that we just put out there. I think the most apparent number you can see on there is the decline in depreciation beginning to occur. And clearly, just from an accounting standpoint, that increases our gross profit margin and falls through to EPS. That depreciation will continue its glide path down in 2016, consistent with the fact that a lot of those purchases that we made five years ago are now reaching the end of their depreciable life. In addition to that, we're seeing a growing portion of our chips being produced in our 300 millimeter capacity and as you know, it costs us about 40% less per chip, or about 20% less per device to manufacture on 300 millimeter versus 200 millimeter. So as that mix improves, that will also fall through to the bottom line. And then the third element that I'd just point out is that we continue to see a mix shift in the source of revenue into industrial and automotive which tend to have higher overall margins and certainly stickier revenue margin profiles over time. So collectively, those should help our overall margin and earnings performance, notwithstanding whatever direction revenue takes us through over the next 12 months. In addition to that, from an EPS standpoint, as we have been doing for eleven years now, as long as the intrinsic value of the company is higher than the market value, we will continue to be buyers of TI shares. We reduced our share count 3.4% this past year. And certainly at current prices, it says we should continue to be active accumulators of TI shares. So combined, we certainly would have momentum in our favor, notwithstanding a significant change in our revenue profile to continue to help us with earnings per share.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Right, okay. Thanks so much, Chris. I'm sorry about the difficulty there. And operator, we can go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Kevin, why don't we just continue with the topic you talked about as far as earnings drivers. The OpEx continues to impress. I think for the second year in a row OpEx dropped by 5%. And I know you had some specific closures in Japan, et cetera. If we were to look forward on OpEx, are there any unique drivers, such as closing businesses that are really going to impact that? Or how should we think about OpEx relative to sales?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Yeah, Ross, I guess the way I'd answer that is that there are no nobs on the horizon right now of any measure that were similar to what you've seen in the last couple of years. As you pointed out, we had some restructuring actions that we took in Japan, and also in certain parts of Embedded Processing over the last two years, and those have removed quite a bit of OpEx cost. And those are about done now. They pretty much finished up in the middle of last year. As we look forward, what we would expect to see is what we've talked about in the past, that our OpEx should operate somewhere between 20% and 30% of revenue. In a weak market, it might be pushing 30%. In a reasonably strong markets, it might be pushing 20%. I think we're in the low 20s right now, 23% for 2015. So again as I look forward, I don't see any real material changes to the OpEx profile. I will just remind you that we do always have a seasonal pattern in our OpEx, just like OpEx was down 3Q to 4Q because of holidays such as Thanksgiving and Christmas, OpEx will be up again in 1Q versus 4Q because of the absence of those holidays, and also the annual pay and benefits increases that we instituted across the company in the first quarter. And just to kind of give you some parameters on that, it's probably in the 4% to 5% range increase, 4Q to 1Q on OpEx.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Any comment on that?
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I do. On the communications equipment side of things, you mentioned it was down about 20%. That's not a huge surprise. You mentioned the wireless cause of that. Can you talk a little bit about what that segment did sequentially in the December quarter and what sort of outlook do you have for it heading into 2016?
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, I think, if you look at that sequentially, it was down around mid teens, but from a year ago, it was down mid teens, but actually did see some growth. That was the second quarter in a row that we had growth inside of there. So I think that business continues to be one that over the last couple of decades has been very, very choppy. That characteristic probable won't change. But we're on a position where we've got a couple of quarters of growth. I think that when we look at it longer term, we do believe that carrier CapEx won't grow. It certainly won't drop to zero either. But we do think that it will get smaller slightly in time. Okay thanks, Ross. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question. So last year you expanded gross margins by about 120 basis points, which is very impressive given the flat, the macro environment. But if I had asked you a year ago where would gross margins go given all the levers, right, because it moved from 200 to 300 millimeter, the lower depreciation, the mix shift towards industrial and automotive, do you think you would have thought gross margins would be even stronger than right, what you might have than what you actually achieved? So my question really is that as we look forward, what is a bigger driver of gross margins? Is it top line growth and wafer starts or do you still think that 200 to 300 millimeter, that move is being underappreciated in terms of a gross margin driver?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Okay. First off, let me just make sure we've got the scorekeeping going on correctly here. I think we're talking about 130 basis points of improvement this past year.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sorry, yes, 130.
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Don't want to miss out on that extra 10 there. As I look into 2015, clearly any meaningful revenue growth will incrementally have a much stronger impact than any other piece of the P&L on improving overall gross margins. But independent of margin growth, I'd go back to what I talked about a few minutes ago on Ross's question, and that would be really the increasing mix improvement on 300 millimeter, the mix to industrial and auto and then just the decline in depreciation as we continue to march through 2016. It's pretty tough to handicap which one would be the biggest contributor, or how to sequence those. But I think that they will all collectively be quite meaningful as we move into 2016 and I think we'll probably pleasantly please ourselves again for another year.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, and I'll just add to that, Vivek, that on essentially flat revenues, all of that came down to free cash flow growing by 6%, right. So there's some things going on with accounting rules of on the gross margin line, but really we're focused on growing that gross margin, or on the free cash flow growth specifically and it clocked in pretty nicely as well. So you have a follow on?
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, thanks Dave. The question is on your Other segment where you have the DLP and calculators and ASICs. So that was down about 14% if I ignore the legacy wireless piece. Why was it down so much and how should we think about that segment in 2016? Thank you.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Sure. And if you look for the year, it was down, I'm not sure if your question was for the year or for the quarter. It's actually the same reason. It's down primarily due to custom ASIC products. If you remember, those products have a very high exposure to wireless infrastructure and that's where we saw the headwind. It was also down because DLP, and DLP had a very good year in 2014, so very, very difficult compare on that front.
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Good year because there was a strong World Cup demand pulling through DLP.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And how to think about it for 2016?
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, so I think that if you look, last year was in the mid teens. If you go back several years, it's actually been in that same range. Previous years were primarily driven from the exit of the wireless business. But as we go into next year and as we look, essentially that we've got some long-term growth potentials inside of DLP. I think calculators have been flat to slightly down and we would continue to expect to see that. Growth in royalties, royalties have been about 1% of our revenue and we'd expect them to continue to run in that area. And then we've got ASIC that will shift over time into our Embedded Processing as we pick up that functionality. So we'd expect that mid teens to slow somewhere in the mid to low single digit declines going forward. Okay. Thank you, Vivek. And we'll go ahead and move on to the next caller, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. On the strength in your Embedded segment in December, you also had a good growth in the September quarter as well. I'm focused on the MCU products here. Can you just help us understand what are the end markets and trends that have been driving the strength here in the MCU biz? I'm assuming most of it was auto and industrial, but love to get your insights.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, so I think when you look at the Embedded sector, if I look for the year, the increase was due to connectivity and microcontrollers. And both of those product lines I would say have a very diverse customer footprint, and so there's really not one sector or market that's driving it. Collectively, you're right. It's in industrial as well as automotive, but probably has a bias to industrial, just because of the diversity of those customers and where they're winning designs. So very, very broad based, and that's part of the reason why we're encouraged with that business and the growth. And I think that also you see how that contributes to the bottom line and the profitability of that sector, or that business for the year.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for that color.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Have a follow-on, Harlan?
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. On your broad catalog analog business, it's a high gross margin business. I think the team has done a good job of continuing to improve the breadth and the access to the portfolio. So I guess the question is did the catalog business outgrow the overall Analog business in 2015 and do you expect it to outperform overall Analog this year as well?
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, so we don't really have our business so much lined up by catalog or not. I'd say that the majority of the products by number certainly are more catalog-based as we've got tens of thousands of products. But we're not quite organized that way. I mean we've got the four businesses of the high volume analog and logic, which will be more application-specific products. And even there, even though they're application-specific, many of those products are available to multiple customers and even sometimes multiple markets, even though they're application-specific. Something like motor drivers, as an example, sell into multiple markets and multiple sectors. We got power and then high performance analog and SVA. So we just don't have a cut between that. Okay, thank you, Harlan. And we'll go to our next caller, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi, thank you very much. Dave and Kevin, I wanted to go back to the overall environment, and in the past you guys have been very good about giving us essentially sign post metrics. Dave, I think if I remember correctly, rate of cancellations and a few others. Could you please remind us what those metrics are telling you about the overall health of TI's business? And then I had a quick follow up.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Sure. I think, Ambrish, as we just look at our business and as Kevin mentioned before, we believe that we've been operating in a weaker environment and that that will continue from some time. We've had some people ask us if we think a semiconductor cycle is underlying what we're seeing and we just haven't seen those signs of a traditional cycle. So there are things like our lead times continue to remain short. Our cancellations remain very low. Our distribution inventory continues to hold around 4 weeks. And we continue to deliver our products on time to our customers when they're asking at very, very high service levels. So those are some of the bigger ones that come to mind, that you would see some movement if you were moving through a bottom or a top of the cycle, and we just haven't seen that in quite some time.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Makes sense, Dave. And then my follow up was on the industrial segment. And obviously I don't pay attention to the quarter-quarter, but on a full-year basis, if I recall what the number you gave us, it's flat for the year. And the year before that, it was up 10%. So given it's such a cornerstone of your business, also your gross margin expansion, how do you explain the flat year-over-year last year and then what do you think industrial should do in 2016? Thank you, Dave.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Sure, yeah. And before I talk about industrial, I just want to remind those that may not be as familiar with us, when we talk about our industrial market, it's something that's very broad and different than what a typical investor would look from an industrial screen. So we've got 14 sectors that makes up industrial and they'll include things like factory automation, medical and healthcare, building automation, grid infrastructure, test measurement, motor drives, electronic point of sale, space and avionics, display power delivery, appliances, lighting, industrial transportation and then a bucket of everything else that goes into it. So slightly or very different than what most people would think of in industrials. And you're right, it had a strong year the year before. I think when we started the year, we had expected it to be stronger than what it turned out. And typically a lot of people ask us, hey, we hear the rumors in China. We see the stocks that they follow maybe in the industrial segment are seeing very, very, very weak demand. But we turned in revenue that was consistent with what we saw after a very strong year. And fundamentally what we think's going on inside of that is that there's more semiconductor content going into the industrial market and we think we're in the very early stages of that. And if you look at the automotive market, I think it's much easier to see that content because we know how many cars ship per year. It's much easier to see the difference between total SAAR unit growth and what the semiconductors are shipping into it. Certainly impossible to be able to see inside of the industrial market because it's very, very broad and very, very diverse. But that said, we believe that we've got a decade or more of runway of increasing content inside of the industrial market. So that's about all the insight I think I can share on that. Okay thank you, Ambrish, and we'll go on to the next caller, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Rolland with Friedman, Billings, Ramsey.
Christopher Adam Jackson Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hey guys, thanks for the question and excuse me if this has already been asked. If you could give us a little bit more detail on the Scottish fab and what was being made there and how large was that footprint, and then also, what kind of OpEx opportunities you might have there.
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Chris, the fab in Greenock, Scotland, is one that came to us with the acquisition of National Semiconductor in 2011. Most of the parts that are manufactured in there are part of our Silicon Valley Analog business. We announced today that we are going to, I think we're putting together plans to wind down operations there and move the production to other 200 millimeter fabs that we have in Germany, Japan and Maine in the US. These are larger, more cost effective, more technologically advanced factories that can just give us a lot better economics with those chips that are produced there. It will take us about three years to wind down those operations by our estimate right now, as it takes just that much time to requalify those parts into other factories. And at the end of that period, we will no longer have an operation in Greenock. We took a $17 million charge in the quarter as we began planning for that activity and we expect that we'll probably continue to incur roughly $2 million of charges per quarter each quarter through the end of 2018 as we wind it down, for total charges of about $40 million over a three year period.
Christopher Adam Jackson Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Great, one more follow-up there. Why not any opportunities to move to 300 millimeter? And then also as we look at Embedded, I think we concentrated a little bit on MCUs, but maybe we can talk about connectivity and why that was up year-over-year. And does the growth in MCU year-on-year at all change your penchant in M&A towards Embedded versus your favorite Analog?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Dave and I are going to have to tag team that one. I'll finish off the Scottish fab one, the why not 300 millimeter. Short answer is most of those processes are dual qualed already in other 200 millimeter factories and it's just a whole lot easier to transfer into a qualified process already existing in other factories. Not all, but enough of them. And so consequently, we'll just go ahead and put those into open capacity in 200 millimeter factories versus bringing them into 300. And Dave, you want to take the?
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, Chris, your question on connectivity, what's driving the growth there. There we've got a very broad portfolio of products we support, about a dozen different standards from a connectivity standpoint, so low power Bluetooth to Wi-Fi to other sub-gigahertz standards. And so if somebody wants to connect something, we have a solution that we can offer them. And so we're just seeing really good uptake of the products that we've got there. I think you rolled in a question about does it change our penchant for acquisition. Again our belief is that when you acquire a company in the Embedded space, you're picking up additional architectures and additional architectures doesn't make you stronger, it just makes you bigger. And so we'll continue to look for companies that have characteristics much like a National does. If we, when we are interested and that's the profile of the type of company. Let me just add, too, on the Greenock facility that we do expect to save about $35 million once we've completed all the transition. That's on an annualized basis, and once we do complete the transition of the products to the more cost-effective fabs. Okay. Thanks, Chris, and we'll move on to the next caller, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Ellis with B. Riley.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question, and I wanted to ask a follow-up on some of the 300 millimeter points that were made. Kevin, can you help me understand where in the portfolio on a segment and sub-segment basis the company is having the most success with the 300 millimeter transition and therefore, what's left to go? And as you look at the opportunity, is it a fairly steady opportunity or are there some discontinuities hemming in your ability to move product over to 300?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Well, Craig, I'd say the benefit is really happening right now in the Analog portfolio, and it's happened across all four of the business units inside Analog. Because of it, 300 millimeter factor we have in our fab being highly automated, somewhat counterintuitively you don't have to have really high-volume parts running through there, because the automation we can actually run relatively low-volume parts through there and still gain significant cost benefit. So what, the way we've been employing the 300 millimeter strategy is not so much to re-qual existing 200 into that factory, but instead to release new products into that factory on already qualified processes. And that's really the focus that we've had and it will continue going forward. And we'll give a further update as to our progress to date on both the runner (42:57) fab as well as the DMOS6 fab that we're converting that we announced last year, coming on February 9 on our capital management call. So stay tuned for that. We'll give a new update on that as well.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thank you, and then switching gears just on the competitive front. A couple of competitors in the MCU business have recently announced that they'll be getting together. Thoughts on the implications for your ability to continue to grow and take operating margins in Embedded from the mid 20s higher if there's a more consolidated landscape out there. Thank you.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Yeah.
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Yeah, go ahead, Dave.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: I was just going to say that we've obviously competed with both of those companies for a couple of decades and them combining together really doesn't change much from a competitive landscape. And we believe that our four competitive attributes that make us unique, they're hard to replicate. We'll stay focused on those and those are our approach to manufacturing, the breadth of our product portfolio, the reach of the market channels that we've got and our diverse and long-lived positions. And that's what we'll stay focused on those, and we think those have helped us gain share and they'll help us continue to gain share. Okay. We've got time for one more caller, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Freedman with Sterne Agee.
Doug Freedman - Sterne Agee CRT: Great, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess if I could focus in on the fact that you did report Apple as a 11% customer. Can you maybe talk about your expectations for the full year in terms of content? You did mention you're in many different devices, but on a like for like device there, do you believe that you're holding content, increasing content? Any guidance you can give us and maybe how we should think about that being seasonally, the impacts on that seasonality.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, Doug, we just won't provide color at that level on a specific customer. I just, overall, I think if you look at how Apple has impacted our business with their success in the marketplace, personal electronics was about 30% of revenue in 2015. If you look at the market overall, I think if you take memory out, personal electronics is probably around 60% of the market. And so we have about half of the exposure there. So we try to find places where we've got some differentiation where we believe that those products will last more than one cycle. Perhaps they're products that we developed that we can use in other customers or even in other markets in some cases. So that's really what we'll stay focused on overall. So do you have a follow-on question?
Doug Freedman - Sterne Agee CRT: I do. It's actually probably for Kevin. Looking at, you mentioned depreciation ramping down. Can you give us a sense of how quickly? I've got you running at about a $688 million rate for the year, but your CapEx I believe around $500 million. How quickly should we see those numbers merge together?
Kevin P. March - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Finance & Operations: Yeah, I don't think you're going to see CapEx and depreciation cross over before the end of 2016. Depreciation will continue to run down during 2016. And really the kind of gentle rollover you saw begin to occur in 2015 is your best proxy for how to model 2016.
David Pahl - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, Doug, and thank you all for joining us. Again, please plan to join us for our capital management call on February 9 at 10:00 a.m. Central Time. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-21 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer
Analysts: Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Harlan L. Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Joe L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Erik Rasmussen - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments 3Q 2015 earnings release conference call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and relevant non-GAAP reconciliations on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectation. We encourage you to review the Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. I'll start with a quick summary. Revenue declined 2% from a year ago. While our overall demand remained weak, most areas were stronger than we had expected, especially wireless infrastructure and industrial. In addition, our demand for automotive continued to be strong. I'll elaborate in a few moments. Even in this environment, each of our core businesses of Analog and Embedded Processing grew year over year. Together, they comprised 85% of third quarter revenue and have delivered nine consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth. Earnings per share were $0.76. With that backdrop, Kevin and I will move on to the details of our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of TI's business model. In the third quarter, our cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion. We believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term. Free cash flow for the trailing-12-month period was $3.6 billion, up 4% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin was 28% of revenue, up from 27% a year ago, and consistent with our targeted range of 20% to 30% of revenue. We continue to benefit from our improved product portfolio and the efficiencies of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300-millimeter analog output and the opportunistic purchase of assets ahead of demand. We also believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it's returned to shareholders or productively invested in the business. For the trailing-12-month period, we returned $4.2 billion of cash to investors through a combination of stock repurchases and dividends. Analog revenue, which achieved a record level in the quarter, increased 2% from a year ago. The growth was due to high-volume analog and logic. Silicon Valley Analog also grew. Power management was about even, and high-performance analog declined. Embedded Processing revenue increased by 2% from a year ago due to microcontrollers and connectivity. Processors declined. Our investments in Embedded are translating into tangible results, as this quarter's revenue is also a record. In our Other segment, revenue declined 19% from a year ago, primarily due to custom ASIC products and DLP products. Compared with a year ago, distribution resales increased 6%, and inventory decreased by less than one week to just below four weeks. We believe this inventory level continues to reflect an environment of good product availability due to healthy TI inventories and stable lead times, which together drive high customer service metrics. As a reminder, inventory in our distribution channel has decreased over the past few years because of our consignment program. Now I'll provide some insight into this quarter's revenue performance by end market versus a year ago. Automotive remained strong, with all sectors growing and three of the five sectors growing double digits. Industrial revenue was about even, with about half of the 14 sectors growing and about half declining. Personal electronics was up because of demand from one customer. Excluding that one customer, personal electronics was down. Communications equipment was down, driven by wireless infrastructure, which was down about 30% from a year ago. Although weak, it did grow sequentially. And, finally, enterprise systems declined primarily due to DLP projectors. We continue to focus on making TI stronger through manufacturing and technology, the breadth of our product portfolio, the reach of our market channels, and our diverse and long-lived positions. These four attributes taken together are at the core of what puts TI in a unique class of companies capable of long-term free cash flow growth. Kevin will now review profitability, capital management, and our outlook.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.00 billion or 58.2% of revenue. Gross profit declined 2% due to lower revenue. Operating expenses were a total of $750 million, down $45 million from a year ago, primarily in SG&A. The decline reflects continued cost management across the company, including the previously announced targeted reductions in Embedded Processing and Japan. Acquisition charges were $83 million, almost all of which were the ongoing amortization of intangibles, which is a noncash expense. Operating profit was $1.16 billion or 33.9% of revenue. Operating profit was down 1% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 37.2%. Operating margin for Embedded Processing was 24.0%, 8 percentage points higher versus a year ago, as we focused our investments on the best growth opportunities. Net income in the third quarter was $798 million or $0.76 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.41 billion in the quarter. Inventory days were 111, down 15 days sequentially. This reduction was the combination of lower factory starts, as well as higher-than-expected revenue in the quarter. As our business model evolves, we continue to evaluate our inventory model. We plan to provide an update on our inventory model to you in our capital management call next February. Capital expenditures were $139 million in the quarter. As a reminder, in the second quarter, we retired $250 million of debt and issued $500 million of five-year debt at a coupon rate of 1.75%. In August, we retired an additional $750 million of debt. As a result, we have reduced net debt by $500 million this year, which is consistent with our practice over the past few years. This leaves total debt of $4.125 billion, with a weighted average coupon rate of 2.3%. On a trailing-12-month basis, cash flow from operations was $4.11 billion, up 8% from the same period a year ago. Trailing-12-month capital expenditures were $512 million or 4% of revenue. As a reminder, our long-term expectation is for capital expenditures to be about 4% of revenue, which includes the expansion of our 300-millimeter analog capacity, as discussed in our capital management call earlier this year. Free cash flow for the past 12 months was $3.60 billion or 28% of revenue. Free cash flow was 4% higher than a year ago. As we've said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term and will be valued only if it's returned to shareholders or productively invested into the business. As we've noted, our intent is to return 100% of our free cash flow, plus any proceeds we receive from exercises of equity compensation, minus net debt requirements. In September, we announced a quarterly dividend increase of $0.04 per share, a 12% increase. This was the 12th consecutive year in which we've increased the dividend to our shareholders. We also announced a $7.5 billion increase to our share buyback authorization. In the third quarter, TI paid $348 million in dividends and repurchased $790 million of our stock, for a total return of $1.14 billion. Total cash returned in past 12 months was $4.23 billion. Outstanding share count was reduced by 3.5% over the past 12 months and by 41% since the end of 2004. These returns demonstrate our confidence in TI's business model and our commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders. Fundamental to our commitment to return cash are our cash management and tax practices. We ended the third quarter with $2.74 billion of cash and short-term investments, with TI's U.S. entities owning 82% of our cash. Because our cash is largely onshore, it is readily available for a variety of uses, including paying dividends and repurchasing our stock. TI orders in the quarter were $3.44 billion, up 3% from a year ago. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.07 billion to $3.33 billion in the fourth quarter, which includes about a $35 million negative impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates versus a year ago. We expect fourth quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.64 to $0.74. Acquisition charges, which are noncash amortization charges, will remain about even and hold at about $80 million to $85 million per quarter until the third quarter of 2019. They will then decline to about $50 million per quarter for two additional years. Our expectation for our annual effective tax rate in 2015 remains about 30%. And this is the tax rate that you should use for the fourth quarter and for the year. In summary, we believe our third quarter results demonstrate the strength of TI's business model. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask a question, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question. I guess for the first one, I'm a little curious, when you said demand was weak but the revenue was strong, and then you mentioned that industrial  I think you said, Dave, was even year on year but was stronger than you expected. If you could just give us some more color around the demand environment, because you have such wide exposure, what is better or worse versus three months ago, and what does it really mean that demand is weak but your revenue is strong?
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah. Well, what we were saying, Vivek, is that if you look, our revenue declined 2% from a year ago, and we obviously would describe that as a weak demand. That's actually similar to what we saw last quarter. But, inside of that, certainly it was stronger than what we had expected. There were a couple of areas that were stronger than we had expected. Wireless infrastructure and industrial were both stronger than what we had expected. So that's really what we're trying to say. We continue to operate in what we would consider to be just a weaker macroeconomic environment, and that's where we came in. Do you have a follow-up?
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, thanks, Dave. On gross margin, I understand that sequentially they were sort of flattish, because I assume you took some utilization down. But why are they sort of flat to down versus last year? Because I assume throughout this year, there's been a mix shift towards your core Analog/Embedded markets and a mix shift I guess towards more 300-millimeter capacity. So why aren't gross margins up versus last year?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, Vivek, the short answer is that our wafer starts were down in the quarter versus last quarter and also versus last year, and so underutilization was a little bit higher than it was a year ago.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Okay. Great. Thank you, Vivek. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on the strong result. Kevin, just to follow-up on that gross margin comment. So utilization went down in the third quarter. I know you're saying you're going to update us on your inventory targets, but I think the one that's outstanding right now is about $105 million to $115 million, and you got there pretty quickly sequentially. So I'm kind of curious, how do I think about utilization going into the December quarter, and what kind of impact should I expect on the gross margin line?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, John, as we look into the fourth quarter, we're expecting our wafer starts will probably be roughly flat to what they were this quarter, so no significant change in starts there. And keep in mind that the wafers that we start in fourth quarter, other than for the first few weeks of the quarter, are mostly for what we expect in follow-on quarters. So we build quite a bit forward to our expectation of when that inventory actually gets sold.
John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful. And then, Kevin, as my follow-up, you guys probably were one of the first to start the trend of M&A with the acquisition of National several years back. There's been a lot of speculation in the marketplace about more M&A within the semi space. I know you've talked about this in the past, but I'd kind of be curious about kind of getting some updated thoughts from your perspective about the advantage from here given your already-hefty scale of M&A and how you guys are sort of thinking about that?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, John. So I guess it'll take me a second to kind of go through those thoughts there. Of course we acquired National back into 2011, so we probably got ahead of the game versus where people are at today. But we spent the intervening time period really driving hard to accelerate four attributes that we think in combination are pretty unique to TI and differentiate us quite a bit from our competitors, which may, in fact, be impacting some of their thinking about how they approach their markets. And those four attributes are our approach to low-cost manufacturing and advanced technology; the sheer breadth of our overall product portfolio; the reach we have to our customers through our market channels, especially with arguably the largest sales force of anybody out there; and the diversity and long-lived positions that we enjoy in the markets with the products that we have. When we look at what most companies are doing today from an M&A front, it appears that some of them may be changing their focus, and some of them may be trying to build scale. We already have what we believe is a significant scale advantage, and we believe we're focused on the two best opportunities that are out there today, being Analog and Embedded Processing. So those two reasons aren't motivating us to think differently about M&A. When we do think about M&A, our approach is really to focus on the right strategic fit, one that can generate long-term returns and excess free cash flows. So we really do focus on the numbers that that acquisition might lead us to. And by strategic fit, I'm talking really our bias is towards Analog. If we were to look at an acquisition, it would probably be a company that's going to be broad in catalog, have a diverse customer base, have a large percentage of its revenue coming from industrial and automotive, probably have a very talented R&D team. Those would be the sort of attributes we'd look at from a strategic standpoint. From a return standpoint, we'd look at several metrics, including really making sure that the return on our investment is accretive to our weighted average cost of capital within, say, four years or so. And we also want to make sure that whatever we acquire can continue to expand our cash flow. So, with all that said, and we take a look at what's out there, we have been actually buying our favorite semiconductor company  I know you don't like to hear it that way  but through our own stock buybacks. Today, by buying back those shares, we're getting a 7% free cash flow yield on those acquisitions of those shares, and we don't have any integration risk and no banker fees. And just a whole lot easier way to run the business and focus on customers.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, John. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with the Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. For my first question, I'd like to follow up on the industrial market. You said half of your markets were kind of up year over year; half of them were down. That's pretty similar to  the same as last quarter, but you do seem to be seeing upside versus expectations. Within industrial, can you give us some idea of which end markets you're actually seeing relative strength versus weakness versus those expectations? And talk a little bit about how your end markets within industrial are concentrated or not.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, so great question, Stacy. We've got 14 different sectors that make up our industrial market. And I'll just go through some of those, because I think some investors, if they focus on industrials  we mean something different than that. So it includes things like factory automation and control, medical and healthcare, building automation, smart grid and energy, test and measurement, motor drives, display, space avionics, appliance, power delivery systems, point-of-sale lighting, industrial transportation. And then a bucket of just other really small stuff. So last year, as you know, Stacy, industrial was 31% of our revenues. The largest sector inside of there was 4%. So you can see it gets very, very diverse very quickly. And even inside of each of those sectors we've got multiple end equipments that make each of those up. So it was very similar to last quarter, where we did see about half of the sectors up and the other sectors down, together flat. So there weren't really any really huge movements in either that we would call out to say that it was unusual. So that's what it looked like. Do you have a follow-on, Stacy?
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I do. Thank you. Around your OpEx, it seems like you came in fairly light in the quarter versus expectations. Why was that, and where do you see OpEx going next quarter?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: So, Stacy, on OpEx  if you compare it to a year-ago-quarter, that was really when we just had continued cost management going on across the company, and we also had the benefit on a year-ago comparison to the actions that we previously announced in Embedded Processing and Japan. And those are now done. So we get that benefit year over year. As it relates to sequential, even, as you say, coming into the quarter a little bit better than expected, that's really just cost management continuing. And also in second quarter there were a few items that didn't recur in second and third quarter, and so that gave us a good little benefit second to third.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, Stacy. And we'll go to our next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan L. Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. In Q2, Embedded was up year over year for the first time. Actually, no, Q2 Embedded was down year over year for the first time, I think, versus the prior 10 quarters. It inflected higher in Q3. I know you guys said MCU and connectivity drove the growth, but what end markets helped to return this business back to year-over-year growth? And also what drove the 450 basis point improvement in operating margins?
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Okay. So I guess two questions there. I'll take the first one. So, as you said, Embedded Processing was driven by microcontrollers and connectivity, and both of those businesses tend to be very broad market exposures, a high exposure to industrial. We also have some exposure inside of processors to automotive. And what drove the weakness in second quarter and the reason why processors declined year over year was the exposure to wireless infrastructure, is probably the simplest way to say that.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: On operating margin, Harlan, the short answer is we had announced at the end of 2012 some restructuring actions inside Embedded Processing that would wind up last year, and in fact they have. So a lot of that cost is out, and so as a result their operating margins are coming through very nicely.
Harlan L. Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, yeah. Nice job on -
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: And we'll let you squeeze in a third question, but we'll make an exception for you on this one.
Harlan L. Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I appreciate that. Last quarter you guys indicated you were bringing down utilizations in the third quarter to try and reduce inventories. Looks like you guys executed to that. Should we anticipate gross margins in Q4 down in line with the lower utilizations in Q3?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Harlan, I'm not going to try to forecast individual lines of the P&L, but I'll just bring you back to what I had mentioned when John asked his question. We expect utilization to decline  pardon me, utilization to be about  excuse me, starts to be about even in fourth quarter versus third quarter, so we don't expect starts to actually change. The starts were already down third quarter versus second and third quarter versus a year-ago quarter, and we'll maintain those starts about even going into fourth quarter.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, okay. All right. Thank you. Yeah, and the other  certainly the other consideration with fourth quarter is what happens to revenue overall. So we'll have less revenue, so that'll impact gross margins. Okay. Thank you, Harlan. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks, guys. So if we look at just some sort of normal or reasonable projections for Q4, for 2015 your revenue's going be flat but your gross margins will be up and your OpEx will be down. If we assume the sort of bleah environment continues into 2016 and revenue is sort of whatever, around the flattish or something like that, is there any way that gross margins could go up and OpEx go down again? Can you just kind of take us through the puts and pulls for next year on those?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, I'll go ahead and take you through on those sort of things, Chris. First off, I'm hoping that you're wrong in your theory about revenue being flat again next year.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Me, too. I want to keep my job.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: But under that scenario, I doubt that we'd see a whole lot of change in operating expenditures other than just normal annual pay and benefit increases. But on the margin side, on the gross margin side, we'd probably continue to see benefit as we see more and more of our production moving to 300 millimeter, which as you recall gives us about a 40% chip cost production from an overall cost of goods standpoint, so that will certainly benefit our gross margin line. In addition to that, we continue to see an expansion of revenue that's coming out of the industrial and automotive space as a percent of the total, and those tend to come through at higher gross margins, as well as just overall catalog products versus custom products inside our mix. And then the last item is that, as we talked about for a couple years now, our CapEx has been running under our depreciation by a couple of points, and that is slowly beginning to close. In fact, you can even see that gap closing just in this past 12-month comparison period. So as we look out into 2016, you'll see that gap close a bit more. So those in combination will give us continued tailwind on the gross margin line. Should fall all the way through to the operating margin.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, and I'd just add, too, that even with this year, if the revenue projections come in as you said, Chris, that our free cash flow margin continued to expand, and that's really what we're focused on. Do you have a follow-up, Chris?
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah. So if we look at what revenue did sequentially in Q3 and what you're projecting for in Q4, it's pretty even with last year. So  and it sounds like even though business is still kind of bleah, it's getting a little bit better. Would you characterize the environment overall as kind of normal? And if it's not normal, then where would be your biggest area of concern or weakness?
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, Chris, if you look at the midpoint of our guidance, it would suggest that our revenues would be down 2% from the year-ago. That's similar to the number that we just turned in, as well as what we saw in second quarter. So we just described the environment really hasn't changed very much. We just believe that we're operating in a weak macro environment. And we continue to focus on execution, and I think the business is showing the results of that focus and the strength of the business model. But, in general, that's really what we believe that we're operating in. So, okay. Thanks, Chris. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I wonder if you had a 10% customer in the quarter or if you had any meaningful change in revenue from a single customer that would have affected the overall trend in the business during the quarter?
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, Will, when we had  if we look at last year, we had  our largest customer was 8% of revenue. And we don't give customer size by quarter, but we expect that that customer, as they've done well this year, that they could come in around 10% of our revenue. And I'd say this: As we look at that customer, we sell them hundreds of devices across multiple products. And if I contrasted that to the last time that we had a customer that was more than 10%, most of that revenue was concentrated in just a few parts and a single application. And even more specifically than that, it was really one function that maybe was that different generation. So we really just had one function at that customer. So even inside of this customer we've got quite a bit of diversity. Do you have a follow-on, Will?
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah, it's sort of related to this. The company exited the wireless apps processor and baseband business a few years ago. And I suppose the answer is around the concentration at the part number level, but does what looks like a growing exposure to the handset market through at least one but probably multiple customers  does that concern the company, the way that  in a similar way that caused you to exit some products previously?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, Will, I'd say that when you heard Dave's opening remarks that we saw growth in personal electronics and without that one customer growing, personal electronics would've been down, I think that's also telling us that as handsets overall grow, they're really becoming the larger piece of the personal electronics space. And so what's important is to have a lot of different chips that you're selling into, a lot of different customers who sell into that space, and that's exactly what we have. And so from that standpoint, if we're going to participate in personal electronics, you're going to be a  participating in handsets, and there are a lot of very attractive chip opportunities inside handsets, unlike what we had a number of years ago, as you remembered, with baseband and processors, where those parts were basically standardizing and commoditizing, and your ability to differentiate was diminished and therefore your ability to attract profits from selling those parts was diminished. And so consequently, I see this as quite a bit different today given the diversity of products that we're talking about here than the example of when we were baseband and processors five-plus years ago.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, and I'd add to that, if you look across personal electronics and you add smartphones and tablets and PCs and TVs and things like that, you're probably  if you added all those together, you're probably scaring (30:15) 2.4 billion, 2.5 billion units. And even though that unit pool probably isn't going to grow much, there's  as Kevin said, there's opportunities to find products that will live through multiple generations that you can sell to multiple customers and places where we'll continue to try to steer our investments overall. So thank you, Will, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Really two related questions. One, I just  a clarification. You said the upside in the quarter came from wireless infrastructure and industrial. It seems like HVAL was up a lot. Was that part of what you're calling industrial? And then maybe bigger picture, from a geographic perspective, there's obviously been some negative data points in kind of the U.S. industrial market. Just any change  over the summer it was China, now you're seeing some U.S. issues. Just any perspective from a geographic basis. Thanks.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Okay. So let me answer your first question, which if you look at HVAL, HVAL will have a high exposure to automotive, which will help drive those revenues. It'll also have exposure to personal electronics as well. It does have some industrial exposure, but I think that those are the areas that will drive that revenue. And you had a follow-up?
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: The question was just what you're seeing from a geographic perspective. Obviously China was weak  yeah.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, so  yeah, if I just look at our regional results year over year, revenue was down in Asia, in Europe, and U.S. In Japan, it was up. If you look at the broader China market, it really wasn't down differently than what the broader Asia was, and that was kind of down consistent with our overall revenue. So really didn't see much different. The second thing I'll add is that, a lot of times we're asked by investors what our exposure to China is or to a particular market, and in our 10-K we give a very precise number of what we ship into, China being 44%. But we always like to point out that if you're looking for what exposure to a particular market is, I think most investors are asking how much of our product is actually consumed there. And so it's a very different number than 44%. It's much lower than that, because obviously some of those products that we ship there end up getting shipped into other regions. I'll also point out that we may ship product into a Tier 2 OEM that gets put into a European automobile in Europe and then shipped into China. So you can't really look at any of our regional results and understand that. So  but overall, probably a good proxy to begin to start an analysis would be to look at what China is as a percentage of GDP, and kind of start an analysis from there. So, okay. Thank you, Blayne, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Joe L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about your customer inventories. You gave us the very helpful disti resale and inventory numbers, but just in general, you had a pretty good year in 2014, a weaker year this year, but my perception is that the customer inventory management, lead time, days held hasn't really changed. Can you just talk about whether you've seen any inflection there in the last few quarters?
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Sure, Joe. I'd say that of course the distribution inventories, as you said, that we can see very well, we've got 55% of our revenues that are on consignment. So for those portions, which will include 60% of our distributor revenue, but we know for that portion of our revenue there is no inventory, so it's actually zero. So obviously that's in really good shape. And if you look overall, the classic kind of booked/shipped carrying inventory type portion of our revenue is really about 20% of our revenue. And that's where we'll carry backlog, customers will have inventory. So we really don't see any signs that customer inventories are significantly out of whack. I'm sure you can always find pockets here and there. But we believe that they're fairly lean with very few exceptions, such as the wireless infrastructure. So do you have any follow-ons, Joe?
Joe L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, and I did want to follow up on wireless infrastructure. You said it was up sequentially, recovering from a lower level. Do you have visibility into whether that's sort of China deployments or Western deployments? And what do you see as the trajectory for that business going forward?
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, so, Joe, we have  I'd say that our exposure in wireless infrastructure, if you look at the major OEMs that make up the majority of that market, we'll have a different product exposure, but a fairly consistent exposure across them. So if there's demand in any of the regions, we'll typically participate in that. If you look at by technology  that's oftentimes another cut that people will look at  we've got a strong position in 3G, a slightly stronger position in 4G. And even in newer areas that we expect growth in the future that we've been investing in, as an example like small cells, we've been investing and believe we'll have a very strong position there as well. So our numbers aren't so much impacted by a specific region. Of course, we won't escape it either if there's weakness in any particular region. So, okay. Thank you, Joe. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Congrats on the strong results. I know in the past, Dave, you gave the year-over-years. I think you mentioned that the wireless infrastructure sequentially was up. I was hoping you could give the sequential direction by the other markets, and I think from the math you gave earlier, for last year, by the end markets, it seemed to imply that the combination of industrial and your comm infrastructure, your wireless infrastructure, must have been up the better part of 15% sequentially. So if you could just comment on the directional color by segment and if those magnitudes are anywhere close, that would be helpful.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Okay. Yeah, so I can share with you some color sequentially. The automotive market grew sequentially, led by our ADAS and infotainment sectors. Industrial, again, was about even. And personal electronics was up, with growth in most of the sectors that make up that market. Communications equipment was, up as we talked about earlier, due to wireless infrastructure. And enterprise systems was about even. So  and, as we talked about, most of those areas were stronger than we had expected, but specifically wireless infrastructure and industrial.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, just on the year-over-year growth, though, I'm not sure, Ross, on the numbers you were reciting there, but industrial overall year over year was probably only up about 1%. And then wireless -
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, I'm sorry. I was talking sequentially.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Okay. Yeah, because wireless infrastructure is still down year over year. Sequential industrial was actually down about 1% overall. And then wireless infrastructure was, again, up in single digits. So really not much growth there.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah. Okay. And do you have a follow-up, Ross?
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, just a quick one, more housekeeping. I know you're not going to give exact guidance on the gross margin you said earlier, but as far as OpEx directionally in the fourth quarter and first quarter, I know you guys tend to have some year-end phenomenons that impact that. So, Kevin, any sort of color on those two quarters would be helpful. Thanks.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, Ross, it's going to be pretty normal to what you've seen in past quarters. Your memory is quite correct on that. 4Q is typically down low to mid-single digits percentage-wise, just because of seasonality of holidays around Thanksgiving and Christmas. And then first quarter is typically up in a reverse direction. Again, because of the absence of holidays and also because of the implementation of our annual pay and benefits increases. So I think that if you look at the past couple of years, 3Q to 4Q to 1Q, that's probably the best proxy for you to try to model into your spreadsheets for now.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, okay. Thank you, Ross. And we can go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Erik Rasmussen - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, thanks. This is Erik calling in for Tore. A lot of questions have been asked, but going back to the 300-millimeter strategy, can you give us an update on that exiting the year, maybe how much of Analog would you expect to be coming out of the fabs to support that?
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Hey, Erik. I'll just say that we'll give an update to that in our February capital management call. I can just say that part of our plan was to qualify our DMOS6 factory, so that qualification is planned to be done before the end of the year. And so we're still tracking to that. And we've been releasing products to RFAB, or the Richardson fab, for some time, so we're going to continue to do that. And we still have quite a bit of capacity to be able to grow into. So do you have a follow-on?
Erik Rasmussen - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, no, thank you. That's helpful. The Embedded Processing, obviously the operating margins looked very good this quarter. Going forward  and I know you probably don't want to give too much guidance on this  but what are the expectations for this business? Will it be lumpy in terms of the improvements? Was this a little bit more of an outsized quarter in terms of the improvement, or should we see  what are some of the expectations for that group?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, Erik, I'll just tell you, that team's been working pretty hard for a number of years now to grow their revenue. We've talked about their mission over the last couple of years has really been cost containment and growing the revenue, and they are achieving very good results on that now. Importantly, they're a strong contributor to our free cash flow growth. And just as our free cash flow at the company level tends to be weaker in the first couple quarters and stronger in the second couple of quarters, I don't think it's any different than when we take a look at how some of the business units underneath will perform on that metric, being as they're the ones contributing to that free cash flow. We tend to look at these things over a longer period of times, because quarter to quarter can be pretty noisy. But I think that team has done a very good job of getting its margins up to where we think its entitlement is at, and they should be performing at that level for the foreseeable future  in fact the long term is what we expect out of them.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah. And I'll just add that, as Kevin mentioned, the growth has been coming through from the investments that we've made. We highlighted that they, as well as Analog, had achieved record levels of revenue as a result of those investments. Together Analog and Embedded have grown for nine quarters in a row year over year. So  and I think there was one quarter where Embedded actually did well but didn't grow year over year, and that was last quarter that had the big headwind from wireless infrastructure. But the other parts of that business obviously did very well. Okay. I think we have time for one last caller. Operator?
Operator: And we'll take our last question from David Wong with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Just a detail of your earlier answer. You noted personal electronics was up because of demand from one customer. What about your broader segments? Would you still have seen year-over-year growth in both Analog and Embedded if it hadn't been for that same one customer?
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, I actually don't have that data broken out between the two segments, but I think that personal electronics is mostly inside of Analog. And so our personal electronics business without that customer obviously wasn't up. So that would have impacted Analog.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Well, let me remind you the other side of that, too, in that we had a significant change in foreign exchange rates at the beginning of (44:03) the year. And so actually in the third quarter, and I think again in the fourth quarter, we saw and expected about a $35 million negative top line impact due to foreign exchange rates. So we can always pick out individual pieces. The beauty of the TI model is that we have tens of thousands of customers buying tens of thousands of parts into almost every electrical and electronic market that's out there, and the diversity is what is really paying off for shareholders in free cash flow generation.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: That's good -
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: And I guess you don't have follow-up, David?
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Well, actually one quick one. As you move more to 300 millimeters, are you vacating any specific 200-millimeter facilities you might be able to close down or sell eventually?
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: Yeah, David, we've put in place that 300-millimeter capacity in the Richardson fab and put together the plans inside of DMOS6, the second 300-millimeter factory, to be able to support growth. That's why that's there. It's really releasing new products into those factories. And that's what they're there for, and that'll help us maximize free cash flow.
Dave Pahl - Vice Present & Head of Investor Relations: So, okay, well, thank you, David, and thank you all for joining us. I was expecting Marty McFly to actually get in the queue, but he didn't. So a replay of this call is available, and you can find it on our new and improved website. Good evening.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect. Thank you, and have a great evening.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-22 17:30:00) =====
Executives: David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer
Analysts: Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Harlan L. Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs & Co. John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Texas Instruments second quarter 2015 earnings release conference call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dave Pahl. Please go ahead.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and relevant non-GAAP reconciliations on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the Web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the Web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. I'll start with a quick summary. Revenue declined 2% from a year ago, inclusive of notably weak demand in communications equipment and continued strong demand in automotive. In the quarter, we also had about a $45 million negative impact year over year from currency exchange rates, as expected. Even in this environment, our core businesses of Analog and Embedded Processing together grew slightly year over year and comprised 85% of second quarter revenue. Analog delivered its eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth. Earnings per share were $0.65, up $0.03 from a year ago. With that backdrop, Kevin and I will move on to details of our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of TI's business model. In the second quarter, our cash flow from operations was $820 million. We believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term. Free cash flow for the trailing-12-month period was $3.6 billion, up 13% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin was 27% of revenue, consistent with our targeted range of 20% to 30%. This is a 2 percentage point improvement from the year-ago period, and we believe reflects our improved product portfolio and the efficiencies of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300-millimeter Analog output and the opportunistic purchases of assets ahead of demand. We also believe that free cash flow will only be valued if it's returned to shareholders who are productively invested in the business. For the trailing-12-month period, we returned $4.1 billion of cash to investors through a combination of stock repurchases and dividends. Analog revenue grew 3% from a year ago due to High Volume Analog & Logic. Power Management also grew, Silicon Valley Analog was even, and High Performance Analog declined. As mentioned earlier, this is the eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth for Analog. Embedded Processing revenue declined 2% from a year ago after 10 consecutive quarters of year-on-year growth. This decline was due to the weakness in wireless infrastructure equipment for the Processor product line. In contrast, the Connectivity and Microcontroller product lines grew. In our Other segment, revenue declined 17% from a year ago due to custom ASIC products, which are highly concentrated in wireless infrastructure equipment. DLP products also declined, while calculators grew. In distribution, resales increased 8% from a year ago. Weeks of inventory decreased by 1 week to just above 31/2 weeks, which is a historically low level. We believe this inventory level reflects an environment of good product availability due to healthy TI inventories and stable lead times, which together drive high customer service metrics. It's also important to note that inventory in our distribution channel has decreased over the past few years because we've structurally changed how inventory's managed with our consignment program. Now I'll provide some insight into our revenue performance by end markets versus a year ago, which in total resulted in the revenue in the bottom half of our range due to more significant softness in communications equipment and incremental softness in industrial. Specifically by end market, automotive had strong growth, with almost all sectors inside this market growing at double-digit rates. Industrial revenue was about flat, in contrast to last quarter's year-over-year growth and was incrementally weaker than we expected. More specifically, there was growth in about half the sectors inside of industrial, but these were offset by declines in others. Personal electronics grew in total due to one large customer. Outside of this customer, almost every sector inside of personal electronics declined, including PCs, as we expected. Communications equipment declined primarily due to the wireless infrastructure sector, which was down about 50% from a year ago, even weaker than we had expected going into the quarter. And enterprise systems declined due to DLP projectors, as we had expected. In general, as we look to the third quarter, the strength in demand varies by end markets, but our market in total is expected to be weaker year over year, and our outlook for TI revenue and earnings is consistent with this environment. While we don't control the near-term environment of our markets, we do control the focus on making TI stronger through our approach to manufacturing and technology, the breadth of our product portfolio, the reach of our market channels, and our diverse and long-lived positions. These four attributes taken together are at the core of what makes TI unique and capable of long-term free cash flow growth. Kevin will now review profitability, capital management, and our outlook.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $1.88 billion, or 58.2% of revenue. Gross profit was even from the year-ago quarter despite lower revenue, as we benefited from lower manufacturing costs. Gross margin was up 110 basis points. Moving to operating expenses, combined R&D and SG&A expenses of $790 million were down $31 million from a year ago. The decline reflects the targeted reductions in Embedded Processing and Japan, which have been completed. Acquisition charges were $82 million, almost all of which were the ongoing amortization of intangibles, which is a noncash expense. Operating profit was $1.01 billion, up 3% from the year-ago quarter. Operating profit margin was 31.3% of revenue, up 150 basis points from a year ago. Operating profit margin for Analog was 35.5%. Operating profit margin for Embedded Processing was 19.6%, almost 5 percentage points higher from the year ago, as we focused our investments for growth and now see the benefit from our plan to better align resources with the opportunities that we are pursuing. Net income in the second quarter was $696 million or $0.65 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $820 million in the quarter. Inventory days were 126, as we had expected. As our business model has evolved, we continue to evaluate our inventory model. Capital expenditures were $125 million in the quarter. As a reminder, in April, we retired $250 million of debt. In addition, we issued $500 million of five-year debt at a coupon rate of 1.75%. Including the $750 million of debt due in August of this year, we'll have retired $1 billion while having issued $500 million in debt this year. This is consistent with our practice over the past few years. This will leave total debt of $4.125 billion, with a weighted average coupon rate of 2.3%. On a trailing-12-month basis, cash flow from operations was $4.1 billion, up 14% from the same period a year ago. Trailing 12-month capital expenditures were $476 million or 4% of revenue. As a reminder, our long-term expectation is for capital expenditures to be about 4% of revenue, which includes the 300-millimeter Analog plan discussed in our February capital management call. Free cash flow for the past 12 months was $3.61 billion, or 27% of revenue. Free cash flow was 13% higher than a year ago. As we've said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term and will be valued only if it is returned to shareholders or productively invested in the businesses. And, as we've noted, our intent is to return 100% of our free cash flow, plus any proceeds we receive from the exercise of equity compensation minus net debt retirement. In the second quarter, we paid $354 million in dividends and repurchased $654 million of our stock for a total return of $1.01 billion. Total cash returned in the past 12 months was $4.08 billion. Outstanding share count was reduced by 3.1% over the past 12 months and by 40% since the beginning of 2005. These returns demonstrate our confidence in TI's business model and our commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders. Fundamental to our commitment to return cash are our cash management and tax practices. We ended the second quarter with $3.31 billion of cash and short-term investments. TI's U.S. entities own 82% of our cash. Because our cash is largely onshore, it is readily available for a variety of uses, including paying dividends and repurchasing our stock. TI's orders in the quarter were $3.26 billion, down 2% from a year ago. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.15 billion to $3.41 billion in the third quarter. As we've said, while strength in demand varies by end markets, our market in total is expected to be weaker year over year in the third quarter than it was in the second. This includes a negative impact of about $40 million due to changes in currency exchange rates. We expect third quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.62 to $0.72. Acquisition charges, which are a noncash amortization charge, will remain even and hold at about $80 million per quarter until the third quarter of 2019. It will then decline to about $50 million per quarter for two additional years. Our expectation for our annual effective tax rate in 2015 remains about 30%, and this is the tax rate you should use for the third quarter and for the year. In summary, even in a weaker market environment, such as we saw in the second quarter and expect in the third, our business model, which is built upon the four attributes that Dave mentioned earlier, delivers strong free cash flow. As a reminder, these attributes are our approach to manufacturing and technology, the breadth of our product portfolio, the reach of our market channels, and our diverse and long-lived positions. We believe these attributes, in combination, are unique to TI and they are sustainable, giving us the ability to provide continuing returns to our shareholders. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open up the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask a question, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Keith?
Operator: We can take our first question from Chris Danely with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey. Thanks, guys. I guess a little bit of a longer-term question. Could you just give us your sense  having the benefit of six, seven months of hindsight  on why the semi market is kind of sucking wind right now? And then I think the last time things were like this was 2011 and 2012, so if you could give us a sense of comparison on how things are right now versus 2011 and 2012? Is it better? Is it worse? Is it the same? Do we not know?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, Chris, I'll go ahead and take a stab at that, I guess. I think that what we're seeing right now is basically customers adjusting their expectations as to the growth rates for the remainder of the year. And just toning down a little bit on where they're at. We actually believe what we're seeing is more a symptom of like a macro-based kind of event. The market's getting a bit more cautious, especially with all the news flow in the financial markets, things you hear out of Europe, things you hear out of China. But the fact is the signs that we're seeing suggest to us that we're in a traditional kind of market, macro driven, not necessarily a semi cycle per se. We continue to see lead times are quite short, cancellations remain low, distributor inventories at historically low levels, as Dave mentioned. So all things put together, I think what we're just seeing is a growth rate on a macro level that's probably slower going in the second half than what people thought coming into the first half. As to comparisons to 2011-2012, there were too many things going on back then. We had earthquake events in Japan that I can recall. We had flooding in Thailand. I don't think these are really comparable events that we can talk about on that front, Chris.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Do you have a follow-on?
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah, I guess just to dig in a little more. Maybe can you give us a little color on linearity? And then in terms of the end markets, you talked about softness in communication and the new softness in industrial. Maybe just go down your end markets as far as which is stable, which is getting better, which is getting worse?
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Okay. So I'll just make a comment on both revenue and order linearity in the quarter. In both cases, revenue and orders increased each month during the quarter. I think as you look at the end market detail, as I just had walked through in general, we saw automotive was strong, with all the sectors inside of that growing  or all but one growing at double-digit rates. Industrial revenue was flat. Just contrasting that to last quarter's year-over-year growth, we didn't see growth there. And it was incrementally weaker than we had expected. And as we had talked about inside of there, we really saw about half of the sectors increase, and that, of course, was offset by declines in the other sectors. Personal electronics, as we talked about, grew in total, due to specifically one large customer. And outside of that customer, actually saw almost every sector decline, including PCs, as we were expecting. Comms infrastructure, as we mentioned, was impacted by  or comms equipment was impacted by wireless infrastructure, and that was down 50% from a year ago. So  and that actually was weaker than what we had expected when we started the quarter. And then the last, enterprise systems declined due to DLP projectors, as we had expected. So that's kind of a summary of what we saw by end market. So thanks, Chris, and we'll move to the next caller.
Operator: Okay, and that question will come from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan L. Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. On the Q2 results, you talked about incrementally weaker trends in Industrial. This has been a particular focus by the market. Can you just talk about the geographical trends within your industrial business? There's a lot of concern around demand trends in industrial in Europe and China. Love to get some color from you guys.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Sure, Harlan, so let me just tell you what happened with the revenues in the quarter. So year-over-year revenue was down, as we mentioned before, 2%. Europe was down the most, and Japan was also down. Asia was flat, while the U.S. was up. From a sequential standpoint, revenue was up, led by the U.S. Asia and Europe were both about even sequentially while Japan was down. So we're always cautious. We'll give you that information and walk through it, but we're always cautious, because that's reflective of where we ship product versus where it's actually consumed. So  and it's really hard for us to see regional weakness unless it's extremely pronounced in a market like industrial, just because of the tens of thousands of customers that make up that market. So do you have a follow-on, Harlan?
Harlan L. Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sure. So I think last quarter you said  the team said that they were going to bring down utilizations. Did you in fact bring them down? And, directionally, where do you expect them to head into the third quarter? And dollar inventory stayed relatively flat. Does the team expect this to come down in Q3, just given the weaker demand profile?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, Harlan, the  in fact we did reduce utilization in the factories in the second quarter. And inventory actually came in right about where we expected that, 126 days. And given the outlook that we have just described to you, we do intend to further reduce factory utilization in the third quarter, and we expect the result of that is that our inventories will probably come down somewhat in the third quarter as a result of the reductions that were planned for Q3 as well as the Q2. It just takes a while for that to flow through the system.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Great. Thank you, Harlan. And next caller, please.
Operator: And we'll go next to James Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, guys. Good afternoon. Thanks so much for taking the question. First question is on consolidation. And you guys have been very clear in your articulation of what you look for and what the parameters are over time. But I have a couple specific questions about consolidation in the current environment. Does the current environment, where revenues for the industry are in some pretty sharp declines  does that change the view on near-term consolidation potential in the sense that you worry about paying a multiple for a cash flow stream that's going to wind up being much lower over the next 12, 18, 24 months than what it currently is? Or does that create more of an incremental opportunity? I'd love your perspective on that.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, Jim, the timing doesn't enter into our thinking. So with some of the points you just brought up  although they make for interesting discussion, they don't actually alter the way we tend to think about M&A. As we've discussed in the past, the first and most important thing is that any potential M&A consideration has to be consistent with our strategy. And in our mind that's going be something that's going to be focused on helping drive our success in the Analog space. And then beyond that, as you were alluding to in your comments there, we have been and expect to continue to be quite disciplined on making sure that we can get a return on what we've spent. Clearly, at some of the prices today that you might see of certain companies out there and you factor in a premium  I'm looking at what I've seen in some other companies  getting a 3% return, 4% return doesn't seem like a good long-term strategy for maximizing shareholder value. And so our inclination is to make sure returns can see their way past our cost of capital in a reasonable timeframe, and we'll stay disciplined on that front.
James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's very helpful. Thank you. And for the follow-up, how do you think about what the company's long-term growth rate is in this environment? I mean, it was good last year. We're in a tougher environment now. We're kind of down on a year-over-year basis for revenues this quarter and maybe flattish for the year if we look at normal seasonality for the back half. This might be overly negative to kind of take this snapshot in time for long-term growth. Maybe last year was overly positive. Do you think something kind of in between what you'll achieve this year and what you achieved last year is a reasonable view on what long-term normalized revenue growth could be?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: I think you're probably thinking about it right, Jim, is that you should look at it over periods of time like that, and not start from the wrong quarter. At a high level, we take a look, and we make the assumption that the semiconductor market will continue to grow at, call it, 2x the global GDP, and that's on increased content into industrial and automotive that will continue to drive demand. It's then a question of what do you think the GDP's going to do over the long term, the global GDP? And clearly it does appear that  and certainly in the last three, four years, and probably the next few years, it has been slower than what we saw in the prior decade or decade before that. So the overall industry is, again, in our view, will probably grow at about 2x the global GDP, and the global GDP is the real wildcard here, is trying to figure out how fast that'll grow. And we're preparing ourselves for the fact that it probably doesn't see any real robust growth to help us, and therefore we have to focus on execution and making ourselves stronger internally.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. And I'd add to that, that our business model is robust. Even in a weak environment like this, it throws off lots of cash. And we've got the capacity to support much stronger rates of growth, if that were to show up. So it'll be a lot more fun if we get into an environment where GDP growth is stronger and everyone can argue what the multiplier on semiconductor growth rates overall are. But we can still operate and produce lots of cash even in these weaker markets. And we'll look forward to having more fun when it's stronger. So thanks, Jim, and -
James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Sounds good. Thank you.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Okay. Go to our next caller, please.
Operator: And the next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Kevin, I guess the first question is you took some utilization action in the June quarter, but gross margins were actually up sequentially and very healthy. Is the right way to think about this is the June quarter utilization actions impact September, September impacts December? And, specifically, can you help me think about how I should be thinking about the gross margin range in the September quarter around some of the utilization actions you're taking?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, so Jim, we've got a couple things going on there. Clearly as we see more of our revenue coming from industrial and automotive, that has an attractive profit mix. And so you saw some of that in the second quarter. You heard Dave's prepared remarks talking about strength in automotive that we saw in the quarter. So that's clearly having a benefit to our gross margins, even in the light of lightening up on our utilization a little bit. You are correct in that utilization changes don't have an immediate impact. They tend to  it takes a few months for it to roll through the system, so some of that was in second quarter. More of it will be in third quarter. We also have lower overall manufacturing costs; as we're beginning to see depreciation starting to slowly trickle off we're becoming much more efficient in our factories; we're getting more and more of our revenue off of much lower-cost 300 millimeter. So you've got a number of things combined that are keeping those margins in a pretty healthy state. As we look into next quarter, I wouldn't expect a significant  any kind of material change in that particular metric in third quarter.
John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful. As then as my follow-up, guys, you guys are constantly kind of pruning the portfolio. One of the things that's been talked about is whether or not you're going to plan to do sort of power on the new Skylake platform. I'm just kind of curious as to how the PC business and your desire to want to participate there is impacting either the June quarter results or, more importantly, the guide in September? Is there sort of a hit coming because you're not going to participate there? Again, if there is, can you help us quantify the size of the PC business today and kind of where it goes over time?
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. So, John, what you're seeing in our results has nothing to do with the investments on a Vcore product line. And I'll just say that we continually look at our investments, and we want to obviously invest in places where we think that that will lead to sustainable revenue, a differentiated position and solid returns. So there's portions within Vcore that are more attractive and less commoditized than others. So we're continuing to make those investments. So we know that there have been rumors out there that we're exiting the space in total, and that's not true. But, again, these are fairly small tweaks to where we direct our R&D resources. And those teams are off investing in other areas and producing products that we believe will just give us longer-term better results. So I'll contrast that to a market where we may have exited like wireless, where we're actually reducing and exiting a market. And we're not doing that here. So I hope that helps. We can go to our next caller, please.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. A product mix question first: Within your Analog space, you guys obviously have done a great job over time. A little curious as to an explanation why the HVAL side is growing so much faster year over year over the last couple quarters versus HPA specifically? I recall asking questions about HPA investments in the past, and that seemed to be an area of extreme focus given its high profitability. But the growth doesn't seem to be keeping up with HVAL. So any color on that will be helpful.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Sure, Ross. Yeah, I think when you look at both SVA, as well as HPA, those businesses have different exposures to various end markets. And actually both of those businesses have a higher exposure to both industrial as well as communications equipment. You'll see a business like HVAL that will have a higher exposure to personal electronics.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: And automotive.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: And automotive. Yeah, good point. So that's really what you're seeing in those results. Do you have a follow-up?
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Switching gears quickly, but kind of a follow-on to John's earlier question, any sort of color you can provide on the OpEx side. It's helpful to have gross margin relatively flattish, but how do you adjust the OpEx given that the revenues have been a little challenged looking forward?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, Ross, we've already taken action on the OpEx side. We had announced, I think a year and a half ago now, actions that we were taking in Embedded Processing and Japan, and those are pretty much complete now. You're seeing those benefit OpEx in the results that we turned in the last couple quarters. These short-term fluctuations in revenue  we don't let those lead us to rash decisions that could have a negative impact on us. We make longer-term decisions based upon strategy. As we look into third quarter, if you look at the last couple of years, 2Q to 3Q, OpEx has been flat to roughly down. I don't expect anything different than recent history as we go into third quarter of this year.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, Ross. And we can go to our next caller, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question. For the first question, you mentioned this 50% decline in wireless infrastructure. If you could help us quantify what proportion of your sales that is now versus last year? And the thing that I'm really curious about is that  and it's not just a Texas Instruments question; we are seeing that from Xilinx and others  that there is really no slowdown in mobile data consumption, there is no slowdown in LTE users, so why are you seeing such a large decline in wireless infrastructure buildouts? Is it just an excess inventory of base stations? Is it a move away from your products? Is it a share issue? If you could help me understand that, that would be very helpful.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Sure, yeah. So, Vivek, our communications equipment market is  at the end of last year was about 17%. But the largest sector inside of that was wireless infrastructure at about 10%. So we've given you the color on half the size. We haven't gone through all the end equipment percentages, but that'll get you into the ZIP code of the impact to our business. And it's interesting that you bring it up. It continues to actually be a very good market for us. It's one that we're continuing to make investments. We had dialed back some of the investments a year or so ago inside of Embedded Processing, and that's really a view that that market over time, that carrier CapEx isn't going to go up, that it probably will decline slightly as we look over the next five and 10 years and perhaps longer. But carrier CapEx isn't going to zero. And that revenue will return. It has been notoriously just a choppy market. And it's just the dynamics of the market, the way that the tenders go out, the way that the OEMs have to prepare to deliver that product. Oftentimes it's in a 30- or 60-day window, so this isn't new to us. We're used to it. We can still make a lot of money and generate a lot of cash from this market, so we'll continue to do that. But it is just choppy. So that's just a characteristic. And I think as you talk to other semiconductor suppliers that supply into that market, that's pretty consistent, I think, with what all of us see. So do you have a follow-up, Vivek?
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thanks, Dave. So on my follow-up, wondering if 75% is still that right incremental gross margin number to think of, because you are guiding sales at the midpoint to go up somewhat, but you're saying gross margins will be flattish. And as part of that, does this slowdown in sales have any impact on how soon you move your capacity over to 300 millimeter? Thank you.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, Vivek, the 75% fall-through is still probably a pretty good one to use, but keep in mind that it's noisy from quarter to quarter. It's something you should look over a multiquarter period as you move through time. Clearly you'll get good product margin fall-through as we go into next quarter, but as I mentioned we're also dialing back some of the factory starts, so you have moving parts inside there. But when you look over a longer period of time than just a quarter, that's when you start seeing that 75%. As to migrating product to  I think you said 450 millimeter.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: He meant 300 millimeter.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Okay. I was going to say, we don't have that on the radar.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: He's thinking well ahead, yeah.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: For 300 millimeter, we will continue to do what we have been doing in the past, and that is many of our new products that are released are being released on 300 millimeter, and that becomes even more valuable to the company as we move forward. Keep in mind what we talked back in the February capital call, that is in addition to our Richardson fab, which is capable of about $5 billion of total 300-millimeter Analog revenue, we have also begun the conversion of our DMOS6 factory, which will provide an additional $3 billion of Analog revenue capability. So with that kind of conversion under way, clearly new products that we're releasing are being biased towards 300 millimeter versus 200. Active products on 200, for the most part, will continue where they're at.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. And I'll just add to that, as we had indicated before, the qualification, as Kevin said, of DMOS6 second version is under way, and we expect the qualification to be completed by the end of the year. We're still on track for that. So thank you, Vivek, and we can go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And the next question comes from Christopher Caso with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yes, thank you. I wanted to dig into the industrial market a little more deeply. You had talked about that being a bit weaker than expected in the quarter. And then  recognize that you're going into one of the seasonally weaker quarters for industrial. And I'm sure you heard the commentary from one of your competitors earlier today. Can you help us to just get some perspective on what your customers are telling you in that market? And I know you don't like to give commentary going forward on what's baked into your guidance, but to just kind of help ground us in how you're thinking about that particular market at this point?
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. Chris, not a lot to add. We did  it was  again, use the word incrementally weaker. We gave you the color that we saw growth in half the sectors, and that was offset. So even inside of that, there's a bit of choppiness. I think as we look forward, obviously as we get the demand signals both in orders as well as from what we can see from consignment, through our distributors, there's signals that we look at there. And as Kevin mentioned earlier, I think people are just taking a more cautious outlook into third quarter. So besides that, probably don't have too much to add. Kevin, I don't know if you -
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, the only thing I'd remind you of is that industrial was 31% of our revenue in 2014. And my recollection is that no single sector in that market was bigger than 4%. So we're talking about a lot of really small customers. So there's not really one customer that can give us a signal what's going on. It seems to be a broad-based reconsideration on the part of participants in that space as to their outlook for growth for the second half.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Good point. Chris, do you have a follow-on?
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Sure. Just as following onto that, perhaps you could talk about what you think customers are doing with inventory now? And I know you had talked about your distributors taking some inventory out of the channel again as they likely reconsider what's going on in the second half. Do you expect that the end customers are doing similar? And, on top of that, what do you expect the distributors do with inventory as they go forward? Do you think the inventory levels can get leaner than where they are right now?
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. So in general we believe that customer inventories are lean. As we worked our way through the reports and some of the anecdotal  from last quarter's reports, as well as the anecdotal information that we get from our sales teams. And of course there's always the exceptions like within wireless infrastructure, as that market goes through its adjustments. So with inventory in our distributors at 31/2 weeks, that is a historically low period in my tenure as well as Kevin's. So  and we really think that's reflective, Chris, of confidence from distributors that they believe that they can get the product that they need from us. Obviously it's driven overall because of the consignment programs that allow them just operationally to run at those levels. And I think there is a belief that confidence in stable lead times and availability of product is probably working its way out into the customer base as well; harder for us to actually have that direct visibility. As Kevin talked about, we're talking 100,000 customers, so it's hard to have that collectively. So thanks, Chris, and I will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And we'll go to Ian Ing with MKM Partners. Please go ahead.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Yes. Thank you. Kevin, you talked about orders increasing every month in the quarter. Do you have any order commentary quarter to date? And I'm assuming we're entering Q3 with a relatively strong backlog. How much more conservative are turns order assumptions to meet guidance?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah. Ian, as we did mention earlier on, orders increased each month in the second quarter, and I will just say as to orders for this quarter, they're consistent with the guidance range that we gave early in the call. We did have a book-to-bill in second quarter of 1.01, so we did build a little bit of backlog, but I wouldn't call it a dramatic amount. It's consistent, though, I think, with the outlook that we have offered for third quarter.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. And I'll just remind you, Ian  I'm sure you probably know that we've got 60% of our revenues that go through distribution. 60% of that is supported by consignment, and about 55% of TI's revenues overall is by consignment. So I'd just be careful with the book-to-bill, and part of the reason why we don't highlight it is because it just applies to a smaller portion of our actual revenues, and that backlog isn't necessarily reflective completely of the demand that we actually see. So do you have a follow-on?
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Yes. I think you've done a really good job of highlighting your competitive advantages  broad portfolio, growing into your manufacturing assets. I mean, what's the response, though, to scenarios where there could be some demand in end markets on a permanent secular decline? I mean, if you look at comms infrastructure, PCs, some of the consumer markets, I mean, how do you address the potential for some permanent declines in some of these end markets?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Well, there's  been in this for quite a long time, Ian  there's always some market that's in decline and other markets that are actually in a growth phase. So the examples you just offered, if in fact they turn out to be in a secular decline, the offsetting markets for that, the most obvious one is automotive, where we're seeing significant content growth  not just us but many in the industry  seeing significant content growth. And we're still in the very early stages of that content penetrating automobiles. So that's probably a secular growth market that I would suggest would probably add for a decade or more. So that's a great opportunity for the industry in general and for us in particular, because we've been focused on there for a number of years now. And then there's the broader industrial market, where we're seeing an increasing usage of semiconductors and equipment in those markets that simply were never used before. And as people are using semiconductors in those spaces they're finding new applications and needs for more semiconductors. So while there may be some markets or sectors that could be in secular decline, there are others that are in secular growth. And in general, that leads us to the belief that I commented on earlier in the call, that we think the industry overall will grow at about 2x the global GDP because you've got these kind of underlying changes going on in how semiconductors are being used across our economy.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah, and I could add, too, that even if you look at a market like PCs that probably over the next 10 years and 20 years will be on a decline like that, we can take two actions. One is we'll spend differently today than we would have spent 10 years and 15 years ago inside of that market. But we can still find opportunities where products will actually live through one product cycle to the next and still have long-lived positions even inside of a market like that. And certainly PCs aren't going away anytime soon. So there's still quite a bit of money that can be made in those markets. So thank you, Ian, and we can go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And we can take the next question from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Thank you. Dave and Kevin, we're just trying to understand the difference in the commentary on the order patterns that you guys are seeing versus Linear. Same kind of diversified businesses; in fact, they have very similar  they don't have consumer as you do, but then you also had infrastructure, which is down very hard. So could you help us understand what's going on there? And then I had a very quick follow-up.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: You know, Ambrish, I cannot offer you any insight into Linear's order patterns. They clearly are the most qualified to do that. I can simply tell you what we saw, and that is our orders increased each of the three months as we came through  or two of the three months. In other words, May was up over April, and June was up over May as we came through 2Q. We certainly are in different markets, and that could possibly be an explanation, but I just don't know enough about how their order book works to be able to help you with a contrast between the two companies.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. That's fair, Kevin. My follow-up is on the factory loadings. Is the right way to also think about, when you're bringing the utilization down, that's mostly on the 200 millimeter, and the 300 millimeter continues to creep up?
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: That's actually not a bad way to think about it, Ambrish, because in fact the way that we are operating the 300-millimeter fab today, our fab, is near full equipped utilization. In other words, we don't have it equipped to full capacity, but to the extent that we have it equipped, we try to keep it quite highly loaded. So the adjustments that we take on loadings generally impact the 200. There may be some impact in 300 as well, but it generally would impact the 200-millimeter factories.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. And I'll just add that any product that runs any measurable volume will often source in multiple factories, so it could actually be sourced in a 200-millimeter fab as well as a 300-millimeter fab. And as you know, the economics of getting 40% lower cost per chip on a 300-millimeter obviously will tilt us into starting that 300-millimeter wafer. So thank you, Ambrish. And we can go to the next caller, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question, not to beat a dead horse, but I guess another one on the industrial sector, is what kind of exposure do you have to the energy patch and your vision for whether that business has troughed and/or there's further declines ahead?
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah, C.J., as Kevin pointed out, last year 31% of our revenues industrial. The largest sector inside of industrial is factory automation. And that was 4%, so you're probably down well in  getting into the very low single-digit percentages by the time you're down onto that. So it's very, very diverse from that standpoint. Do you have a follow-up?
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Yeah. I do. I guess given your perspective in terms of your leverage to personal electronics, calculators, DLP, would love to hear your thoughts on the global consumer and the health of the consumer and willingness to step up and spend during this macro malaise or pause or whatever you want to call it.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Well, if you look at our personal electronics market, it was actually up. And it was up because of our exposure in our customer base. So to the extent that there's compelling products out there that people want, that will drive demand. So you see that stepping up. You take that one customer out, of course, we saw declines in almost every sector inside of personal electronics. So you kind of have the good with the bad, somewhat of a mix on that front.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, I might just add it's probably not so much consumer willingness to consume those things. It's more is there something interesting for them to spend their money on. And certain customers are much more successful at that than others.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you. C.J., did you have a follow-up? No, okay. Maybe one last caller, please.
Operator: Okay. And we can go next to Timothy Arcuri with Cowen & Company.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you so much. Actually I had two. I guess first of all, if you look at 2015 as the whole year, usually you're targeting to sort of grow roughly 2x GDP. We don't know what GDP is going be, but if you assume a seasonal fourth calendar quarter, it implies that revenue this year is down like 250 basis points. So it definitely seems to be undergrowing whatever GDP comes out to be this this year. So I guess my question is do you think that any of this is share? Will you end up to have lost any market share this year? I know you usually target up about 40 bps per year. And then I had a follow-up. Thanks.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah. Tim, so what we're talking about, again, long-term growth rate was how the questions asked earlier, and long-term growth rate, we believe, will be about 2x global GDP. Just like you see noise in the quarters, you're probably going to see noise in the years. For example, last year the industry arguably grew considerably faster than 2x global GDP. This year it's apt to grow less than global GDP. So I think you're just going to have that kind of noise to deal with. I don't think it can be mechanically imposed into a formula with precision. As we look out, for the reasons that we talked about, increasing penetration in certain markets especially auto and industrial, that will continue to require semiconductor content, and there'll be growth inside that. From a market share standpoint, we'll be able to answer that at the end of the year. But I'd say we're off to a darn good start so far.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. And I'd just point out that when you look at our market share gains, they've averaged 30 to 40 basis points. We've had years where we've eked out 10 basis points, and a knockout year is 100 basis points. So inside of that, we've had a range of outcomes. So do you have a follow-on, Tim?
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: I do. Yes, thanks. So the guidance is like 400 basis points below what the five-year seasonal is. Maybe you talked about this and I sort of missed it. But can you sort of try to pinpoint what  the primary sort of either geography or end market that can potentially explain that gap? I guess I'm thinking about China in particular. Can you just sort of help us cover that gap? Thanks.
Kevin P. March - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah, Tim, we don't believe that there's something called a seasonal average in our space. When you go and take a look at any of those quarters, the variation is so wide that there's not really anything meaningful in there. I think you look at those 2Q to 3Q growth rates and you see zeros to high-single digits, and I don't think you can divine too much out of that. I think we have to look at it in the context of the current global environment. Certainly a lot of negative news flow coming out of Europe and some out of China and so on. We had a slow start to the year in the Americas because of weather and the port issues on the West Coast. So I think what we're seeing is what we talked about early in the call, which is that on a macro level, our customers are looking and adjusting their expectation for growth in the second half, and they're tweaking that down a little bit, versus what they had anticipated coming into the year.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you very much, Tim. And with that, thank you all for joining. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: Okay. And this does conclude today's program. Thanks for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-22 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Dave Pahl - IR Kevin March - CFO
Analysts: Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Chris Danely - Citi John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company Romit Shah - Nomura Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Blayne Curtis - Barclays
Operator: Good day. Welcome to the Texas Instruments 1Q 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. As usual Kevin March, TI's Chief Financial Officer is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and relevant non-GAAP reconciliations on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's Web site. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Revenue growth of 6% from a year ago was within the range of expectations we provided in January. Automotive and industrial markets were strong as we expected they would be. However revenue was in the bottom half of the range for two reasons. First was weak demand in the last month of the quarter and our personal electronics market, particularly PCs and our communications equipment market, particularly wireless infrastructure. We believe these markets specific issues were due to delay of investments by carriers and capacity upgrades for wireless infrastructure equipment and a weaker than expected refresh cycle for Windows XP.  The second reason was a steep decline in the currency exchange rate for the Euro relative to the U.S. dollar. The Euro dropped about 10% during the quarter an even though only about 5% of TI's revenues transacted in Euros it was a sharp enough drop that it negatively impacted our revenue by about 20 million more than we had anticipated.  Even with these pockets of weaknesses our core business of analog and embedded processing turned in their seventh and tenth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth respectively. Combine these businesses grew 9% and we're 86% of our total revenue.  Earnings per share were $0.61 reflecting our continued attention to cost controls although the vast majority of our revenue was transacted in U.S. dollars ROE negatively impacted revenue by 20 million which translated to only about 5 million of impact to earnings and therefore cash flow.  This is due to a partial natural hedged against negative currency fluctuations due to our non U.S. based operations. It's nice to have position to be in this when we have almost 90% of our revenue comes outside of the U.S. But that is a backdrop, Kevin and I will move on with our report on business performance that we believe continues to represent the ongoing strength of TI's business model.  In the first quarter our cash flow from operations was $609 million. We believe that free cash flow growth especially on a per share basis is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months period was $3.6 billion, up 17% from a year ago. Free cash flow was 27% of revenue consistent with our targeted range of 20% to 30% of revenue. This is a two percentage point improvement from a year ago period and we believe reflects our improved product portfolio and the efficiencies of our manufacturing strategy, which includes our growing 300 millimeter output and the opportunistic purchases of assets ahead of demand. We also believe this free cash flow will be valued only if its returned to shareholders or productively invested in the businesses. For the trailing 12 months period we return 4.1 billion of cash to investors through a combination of stock repurchases and dividends. In the first quarter TI revenue grew 6% from a year ago with growth in both analog and embedded processing. Analog revenue grew 11% from a year ago primarily due to power management and high volume analog and logic. Silicon Valley analog and high performance analog also grew.  As we mentioned earlier this is the seventh quarter of year-over-year growth for analog. Embedded processing revenue grew 2% from a year ago due to micro controllers and connectivity. Processor revenue declined which was impacted by the weakness in wireless infrastructure and again as I mentioned earlier this is the 10th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth for embedded processing. In our other segment, revenues declined 10% from a year ago primarily due to custom ASIC products which also are heavy in wireless infrastructure as well as DLP products. In distribution, re-sales increased 11% from a year ago. Weeks of inventory remained at historically low level of just under 4.5 weeks which is a decrease by more than a week from a year ago and is even with the fourth quarter. This level has decreased over the past few years because we have structurally changed how our inventory is managed and the distribution channel with our consignment program. From an end-market perspective versus a year ago, automotive grew with most factors inside this market growing at double digit rates. Industrial had broad-based growth. Personal electronics grew although growth in PCs was lower than we expected. Communications equipment declined due to wireless infrastructure and enterprise systems grew. Kevin will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks, Dave and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $1.82 billion or 57.7% of revenue. Gross profit increased 13% from a year-ago quarter and gross profit was up almost 4 points. Gross profit reflects higher revenue, increased factory load-ins and benefits from our efficient manufacturing strategy as we built more analog chips on 300 millimeter wafers. Moving to operating expenses, combined R&D and SG&A expense of $777 million were down $68 million from a year ago. The decline primarily reflects the targeted reductions in embedded processing in Japan that were previously announced. As we said that restructuring was essentially complete at the end of last year. Acquisition charges were $83 million almost all of which were the ongoing amortization of intangibles which is non-cash expense. Operating profit was $958 million or 30.4% of revenue. Operating profit was up 39% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for analog was 35.4%. Operating margin for embedded processing was 18.3% more than doubling from a year ago as we executed our restructuring plan to better align resources with the opportunities that we are pursuing as we benefit from our investments for growth. Net income in the first quarter was $656 million or $0.61 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Flow from operations was $609 million in the quarter. Inventory days were 124 about three days more than planned due to revenue coming in at the bottom half of our expectations. Capital expenditures were $123 million in the quarter. On a trailing 12 months basis, cash flow from operations was $4.04 billion, up 16% from the same period a year ago. Trailing 12 months capital expenditures were $431 million or 3% of revenue. As a reminder, our long term expectation is for capital expenditures to be about 4% of revenue, which includes our $8 billion, 300 millimeter analog plan discussed in our recent capital management call. Free cash flow for the past 12 months was $3.61 billion or 27% of revenue. Free cash flow was 17% higher than a year ago. As we've said, we believe free cash flow growth especially on a per-share basis is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term and will be valued only if it is returned to shareholders or protectively reinvested in the business. As we've noted our intent is to return 100% of our free cash flow plus any proceeds we receive from exercises of equity compensation, minus net debt retirement. In the first quarter, TI paid $356 million in dividends and repurchased $670 million of our stock, for a total return of $1.03 billion. Total cash returned in past 12 months was $4.14 billion. Outstanding share count was reduced by 3.2% over the past 12 months and by 39% since the beginning of 2005. These returns demonstrate our confidence in TI's business model and our commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders. Fundamental to our commitment to return cash are our cash management and tax practices. We ended the first quarter with $3.30 billion of cash in short term investments. TI's U.S. entities owned 82% of our cash. Because our cash is largely onshore, it is readily available for a variety of uses including paying dividends and repurchasing our stock. TI orders in the quarter were $3.21 billion, up 5% from a year ago. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.12 billion to $3.38 billion in the second quarter. This represents continuing weakness in our communications equipment and personal electronics markets particularly for wireless infrastructure equipment and PCs respectively. We also do not expect a near term rebound in foreign currency exchange rates. We expect second quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.60 to $0.70. Acquisition charges which are our non-cash amortization charges will remain about even and hold at about $80 million to $85 million per quarter for the next five years. Our expectation for our annual effective tax rate in 2015 remains about 30% and this is the tax rate you should use for the second quarter and for the year. In summary, we believe that the first quarter demonstrated the strength of TI's business model. While we're not immune to demand in currency changes, their affects are soften by the diversity of our portfolio in our markets. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks Kevin. Operator, you can now open the line up for questions. In order to provide as many of as possible and opportunity to ask your question please limit yourself to a single question. After our response we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Q - Jim Covello: Thanks so much for giving me the chance to ask a question. There is so much controversy in the industry today about whether the industry is as cyclical as it used to be less so, et cetera. I look at your year-over-year growth rates, the June quarter represents the first time youve had a year-over-year decline at the midpoint of your guidance in a long time. How do you think about that in the context of an industry where many are arguing that were not cyclical anymore?
Kevin March: Were as you know weve been pretty guarded at trying to predict the cycle its not something obviously that we can control. We really just go to what we can look and what we can measure. So, as you kind of tick through the things that you typically look at from a cyclical standpoint, we look at channel inventories are down a week from a year ago theyre laying at just under 4.5 weeks. Lead time are remaining consistent our cancellations and rescheduled are very low. In addition were continuing to deliver on time and very consistently with that. So weve got a couple of pockets of weaker than expected demands as we talked about specifically in wireless infrastructure and PCs. At the same time were seeing automotive and industrial continuing to be as strong as we expect. So thats what we know, thats what we can see, the debates will continue on how cyclical our industry will be and wont be.
Dave Pahl: I might just add that we do have several significant competitive advantages. The combination of which we believe is pretty difficult for anybody else to replicate and it helps us deal with any notion of cyclicality or non-cyclicality. And those advantages include that weve got the broadest portfolio in the industry. This really means the engineers start their design work by looking at us first. We enjoy very low cost of manufacturing for all the reasons that youve heard us talk about for last few years including our 300 millimeter wafer fabs. We have the broadest sales channel in fact probably two to four times larger than our nearest competitor. And we play in an extremely diverse set of markets with long-lived products that enjoy a significant cash returns to our shareholders for long time. So we think that whats really important to deal with whatever really happened in market cycles and just really make sure that were a lot more competitively advantages than anybody else.
Jim Covello: Obviously youre talking about some weakness in PCs and coms. In the industrial segment, were starting to see some negative news flow from the customers. Do you see pockets of weakness but there is just other pockets of strength that are offsetting those industrial customers that maybe weak because I know its a very broad based customer base? Or do you just not see any weakness at all in that segment at this point? Thanks very much.
Kevin March: Jim, Ill just say that like you are hinting to its very broad based, so we service over 100,000 customers most of those will reside in industrial. And again I think its probably helpful for me to just go through and when we say industrial it means something different than I think, the investment definition of industrial. So, it will include things like factory automation and control and medical, healthcare, fitness products building automations, smart grid, energy test equipment, motor drives, display, space avionics, appliances and other segments, so again very-very broad. Of course well always see pockets of strength and weaknesses but overall that industrial is doing well weve seen growth in almost all those sectors that Ive described.
Operator: And well go now to Chris Danely with Citi.
Chris Danely: Dave, you did a good job of outlying I guess the relative areas of weakness in Q1 from currency and com and PC. Can you just give us which you think would be a bigger drag in terms of company sales from PC versus communications? And then do you guys expect a negative impact from currency in Q2 as well and if you could give us the magnitude of that negative impact?
Dave Pahl: So the one thats pretty straight forward to identify because its really just math walking through the numbers is that on year-on-year basis well probably see about a $50 million headwind due to currency exchange rates and obviously were not assuming that we see a rebound in those rates. Well still see and expect to see the weakness in PCs and wireless infrastructure. And its kind of in the -- the balance of the business is as you know there is always puts and takes as an example second quarter a year ago DLP was very strong if you remember, it was benefiting from several world events one of them like the World Cup, that wont repeat. So, that will be weaker than it was a year ago and will continue for the rest of the year. But inside of that bucket well continue to have puts and takes. The other comment that Id just make on that that although we see those pockets of weakness if you look at the core businesses and analog and embedded we do believe that those will continue to perform well. You have a follow up Chris?
Chris Danely: Yes, actually the couple of clarification, do we expect the PC or the wireless infrastructure to have a bigger drag on your revenue in Q2 or then it almost seems like -- do we need the dollar to weaken again for that impact to go way, i.e. if the dollar remains strong is that going to be like a negative for you guys every quarter.
Dave Pahl: Chris, Id say that we probably dont have enough detail to tell you whether wireless infrastructure or PC which is going to be of a drag, we just dont expecting them to be recovering in the second quarter. As it relates to ROE recently with -- if you take a look at the just the euro alone versus a year ago its down 23%. The yen is down 14%. We roughly average about 5% of our revenue in euros and around 3% in yen. So clearly with that weakness on a year-over-year compare thats going to continue to be an issue thats going to just affect that kind of math. It doesnt affect our ability to sell in those markets. We continue to make very competitive in those spaces and we enjoy on the design wins. But unless the ROE moves back and dollars weaken than certainly with that kind of dramatic decline in those two major currencies that will be at least on the fringes a year-over-year compare headwind for us. 
Kevin March: And I will just add to that like we saw in the first quarter where we had an impact of about $20 million, because of natural hedging weve got the impact to operating profit and free cash flow is really only about $5 million. So, fairly small on that front. Okay, thanks Chris and well move on to the next caller please.
Operator: We now go to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer : Yes, good afternoon guys. Thanks for to let me ask the question. I guess I dont want to beat a dead horse, but just on the outlook, when I look at the Q1 it looks like you guys are only missing the mid points of your guide by about 50 million and you explained 20 million of that on currency. As I go to Q2 if I just kind of anchor against seasonality youre kind of missing it by 150 million to 200 million and I guess sequentially are you expecting anymore kind of headwinds from currency? I understand the year-over-year compare Im trying to figure out the sequential compare. And when I look at PCs plus comp infrastructure, help me to understand the percent of the business that represents, Im thinking around 15; maybe Im wrong with that. I guess Im trying to get a sense as to why you think that the miss in Q2 is going to be so much larger than those two buckets in the mess in Q1.
Dave Pahl: John let me, Ill take the first part of the question and Kevin can add in if he like to. The first, if you look at our PC revenues as a percentage of our total is around 4% if you were to include hard drives into that that will add a few points, so you will be just under 10% in upper single digits. If you look at wireless infrastructure last year it was about 10% of our revenue so obviously combined there youre in the mid-teen. So that will give you an idea of what that impact is. Again as Kevin kind of walked through the math of like the euros an example, last year 18% of our revenue was down in Europe about a third of that so 5% to 6% is transacted in euro and again sequentially, Kevin if you have any additional comments on the impact of the euro.
Kevin March: Yes, I think just 1Q to 2Q, I think is what youre trying to ask whether John, the average ROE that we experienced on our billions in 1Q was about -- for the euro was about 1.13 and for planning purposes were using 1.06 going into 2Q. This it is going to be little bit of a just a quarter-over-quarter ROE impact, just from that standpoint as it relates to the euro. Right now were anticipating it again to be pretty flat. 
Dave Pahl: Any follow on John?
John Pitzer : Yes. I know that was in the comp section specifically you guys were doing a little bit of pruning whats the product portfolio and Im wondering if any of the pruning that youve done is being reflected in kind of either sequential or year-over-year growth rate. So do you feel like that thats not a factor as you look at the June guide?
Dave Pahl: Yes, we dont believe that is a factor John. I think if you look at the impact that wireless infrastructure has, we sell more analog product than we do embedded or the custom ASIC products. So it actually hit both analog, embedded and other. Of course you can see the impact more significantly in embedded and other because its a higher percentage of that revenue. But again weve got a good position really across to most of the major OEMs there and so what were seeing is really a change in chips and demand. Thanks John. And well go to the next caller please.
Operator: Well go now to Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon : First I was wondering if you can give us a handle on where you see OpEx going next quarter, given the revenue short fall.
Kevin March: Stacy, OpEx was up about as expected both quarter the first quarter and recall that, in the fourth quarter we typically down a bit on OpEx because of seasonality for holidays and so on. In the absence of those seasonality -- those holidays in the first quarter along with our annual pay and benefit increases; traditionally drives are OpEx up quarter over quarter. Those pay and benefit increases kick it in February so its really only two months worth inside the OpEx in first quarter. So we'll have the full three months, so you see a just very slight increase going to the second quarter.
Stacy Rasgon : Got it, thank you, that's helpful. For my follow up, again on currency, I know you guys are pointing to sort of direct translation effects. We've had other players who have pointed to demand destruction from currency. I was wondering if you can give us your point of view on what you're seeing more broadly in the market. Not just to your revenues but also for your customers, are you seeing any sort of broad based [can] destruction because of the currency moments that we've got?
Kevin March: Yes Stacy, we've talked about that. But there is no way for us to really point to some and demonstrate evidence that that's actually have occurring. Given the entire industry tends to price in dollars for the [indiscernible] of whats being shipped, it does not allow us other alternatives it would seem for customers from the demand standpoint. But that's not to say that might not be a second order knock on affect like what youre alluding to and we just dont see any way that we can quantify that with any confidence.
Dave Pahl: And there are always pluses and minuses with currency movements, it's really impossible for us to quantify them.
Kevin March: Okay, thank you. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: We go now to Harlan Sur with JP Morgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my question. Given the timing when you start to see the weakness that you talked about in the March quarter and just given the softer than seasonal Q2 outlook, would you have to ratchet down your wafer manufacturing fab manufacturing activity or wafer structuring in Q2?
Dave Pahl: Harlan, yes, we'll be lightening up the wafer starts in 2Q. I would caution you though that pulling back on the wafer starts doesnt necessarily mean that that will have a direct impact on our inventory. As the work in process in 1Q will become finished goods in 2Q, so we would expect our inventory to probably still go up a bit in 2Q, even though we pull back on wafer starts a little bit.
Harlan Sur: Okay, great, thanks for that. And then analog was up nicely 11% year-over-year, despite the headwinds and embedded was up only 2% which is a pretty significant deceleration year-over-year versus the prior quarter, I'm assuming that, the embedded weakness was primarily driven by DSPs, given the muted wireless infrastructure spending environment?
Dave Pahl: It's correct. It was impacted by the wireless infrastructure and in fact if you look at the businesses inside of embedded we had good growth in microcontrollers and connectivity both. But processors were down for the exact reason that you identified now.  Okay, thank you, we'll go to next caller please.
Operator: We now go to Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: One other avenue to get of the broad based demand trends, are you seeing any sort of difference in demand patterns from your distributors, customers relative to the OEM customers, are they getting any more nervous or excited and willing to carry inventory and I realize the weeks of inventory data that you gave before but from a bookings perspective, any color will be helpful.
Dave Pahl: I think, I'll add just offer on that Ross, is that on year-over-year basis bookings were up by 5%. 60% of our revenue does go through [DSP], so clearly we're seeing one of the bookings coming to the [DSP] channel. The inventory levels are carrying over one and half weeks, just down about a week from a year ago, so they continue to carry lean levels of inventory. And I think largely that's because, they know that we carry Inventory and consignment and we also maintain very short lead times since we have for number of years now and so we get inventory quickly is pretty reliable for them when they order with us. So, I don't -- from those kinds of elements inside that space there is no rule again signs that we can looks at that says, there is demand destruction going on because of ROE, they really cant [indiscernible] there.
Kevin March: And I have to add Ross that, if you look at our resale overall, that was very consistent with our combined analog and embedded sales. So they were in the upper single digits, very close to the same number. So you're following Ross?
Ross Seymore: Yeah a quick one, I just to make sure that I have all the moving parts, it sounds like in an answer to your prior question Kevin, you said OpEx will be upper little, you also said, sound like utilization will be down, it seems like putting that together with your earnings guidance, it implies gross margin is going to be down at bit sequentially, is that -- one, is that may directionally correct? Two, is the cause of the gross margin simply utilization or is there some mix effect that I also need to appreciate? Thanks.
Kevin March: You may be missing the mix effects inside there Ross; I dont expect much change in the margin.
Dave Pahl: Okay, thank you for that question, Ross. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: We go now to Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: In the markets that you're seeing weakness in PCs and wireless infrastructure, do you think -- is that an inventory or demand problem and I guess what is -- we seen other suppliers into the PC sector talk about return just sort of better in seasonal second half as you get past inventory correction, where do you stand on that?
Kevin March: Joe, I just say, first of all that the wireless infrastructure market is has been notoriously been very choppy as you look at demand over the number of years. So, there is usually a significant build is -- OEMs are planning to bid for the operators spend and then it typically surprises us and there is an overbuild that occurs, so one kind of begets the other. We think that the wireless infrastructure market obviously long term is a good market for us and we've got a good position in and just as the numbers come down, they will come up again one day. On the PC side that's only a couple of percent of our revenue, so I don't think we really have any unique insight on that we believe that that weaknesses is due to the inventory thats created because there wasn't as much demand in the XP refresh cycle, but really nothing beyond that and well see how the rest of this quarter goes before we start making predictions on the back half, well just take a one quarter at a time. So you have a follow on?
Joe Moore: Yeah and I guess specifically I think John, that you had mentioned the restricting that you did but just specifically you did cut back on R&D and macro based stations and I'm wondering if there is any anything directly that would point to that decision versus revenue seeing ours are completely separate from that.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Again I think that when we look at those markets theyre very long tailed in product cycles. We continue to make investments, they are just not at the same rates that we were making five and 10 years ago and that's not unlike what we've done in other markets as theyve began to mature. So there is other areas of wireless infrastructure that looks like it will be very promising growth, like small cells and we continue to invest very -- at a very high levels there while we have very little revenue today so we would just believe that we've got to throttle that investment based on the opportunity overall. So, thanks for that question and will go to the next caller.
Operator: We go now to Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company.
Timothy Arcuri : I have two questions. I had a question about the channel, did you see any meaningful cancels this quarter and I had a follow up on the inventory?
Kevin March: No. We saw cancellations continue to run very-very low as weve seen for a number of quarters now and same is true of reschedules too by the way also very-very low. So no patterns indicating change of demand there.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, great. And then Kevin you said inventory is going to be I think again you said in June despite loadings being down. I guess my question is, what do you think is sort of the -- now that you had a couple of quarters to think about the mix, when do you think is the right normalize level of inventory and do you think that we're going to come back down to that sort of that more normalized level during the back half of the year?
Kevin March: Yeah, Tim. We are going to use 2015 the really kind of monitor the effect of all the changes we've been doing with the portfolio and with our operations to model what we think is a more appropriate overall level of average inventories to carry. What we did conclude was that the prior model which had worked for us quite well of a 105 to 115 days was appropriate giving the mix that we had, but clearly as we moved to more and more consignment, as we move to keeping lead times of very short across the vast abundance of our portfolio, I think faced with that we got to carry more inventory than we have in the past. And so well be using 2015 to run various test on what the appropriate levels of inventories are to meet the service metrics that our customers have come to expect of us and then probably by the time we get to early next year when we do our capital management update well go ahead and appoint a new model at that point in time.
Dave Pahl: Great. Tim, thank you and will go the next caller. Please?
Operator: We now go to Romit Shah with Nomura.
Romit Shah: Yes. Thank you. Kevin and Dave. I just I wanted to clarify how these two segments that comprised 15% of revenue are driving what I estimated as a 500 basis point miss relative to seasonality. Are you guys just being conservative in anticipation of may be a fall out in some of your other end markets or and I just not fully incorporating other parts of the equation here?
Kevin March: So I will go ahead and just I think Dave attempted last time, I will give the try. There are several moving parts going on there when we look at 2Q and that compares on a year-over-year basis. So just the ROE alone impacts us about $50 million from a year-over-year compare for growth rate. Then you go beyond that and you've got continuing weakness and wireless infrastructure and PC's and you've also got the absence of the benefit the DLP had a year ago which was meaningful due to the World Cup and other large sporting events. In fact we saw some of that impact of DLP already begin to occur in the first quarter, as we mentioned DLP was down quite a bit in first quarter. So you got those kinds of headwinds, ROE, wireless infrastructure, PC and DLP and then we've got the rest of the portfolio basically doing fine, because its simple with what were been seeing in the economies for the last few quarters.
Romit Shah: Thanks for the clarification Kevin I just wanted to ask you about M&A, there has been as you guys have seen a lot of activity over the last year and when I think about TI, M&A has certainly been part of your DNA over the last 10 to 15 years. Can you just talk about how you are thinking about M&A specifically in this environment relative to buying back your own stock?
Kevin March: Yeah our M&A posture havent changed at all. That meaning that most important thing is that to the extent that we considered an acquisition is got to be something that fits into our strategy that's consistent with our portfolio interest and something that we can generate long-term returns on therefore access free cash flow for our shareholders. If it kind of passes the strategy test then it's got to pass the numbers test. And frankly we have a hard time with many of the companies that are out there today making those kind of numbers work. Contrast that to when we bought National back in 2011, at a time when all some [indiscernible] stock prices were considerably lower and you can certainly see in retrospect that was a very good return for our shareholders. So we tend to be very disciplined on that. Well continue to be disciplined on that. Buying back our own shares right now especially as long as they trade below the intrinsic value of the Company is that also it continues to be a good return for our shareholders especially from a free cash flow perspective.
Operator: We now go to Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Kevin, you've mentioned if you look at the portfolio, the rest of the business is doing fine outside of the factor that you've highlighted, if you go back to history and look at such a sharp destruction, just used that word, on the exchange rate when do you expect that to manifest itself in other parts of the business. So for instance the distributors in Europe and other pieces get that [indiscernible] go into for instance in industrial and autos, what does past currency issues tell us on that front? And then I had a quick follow-up.
Kevin March: Ambrish, I had some clever insight on that but I am afraid I don't, just from an experience standpoint, I actually do not recall that my experience in this capacity and I've been in this role for a very long time now, seeing currency drop this sharply in this short of period of time. So I have not history from which to trying to get a reference point to answer your question like that. I think we're just all going to have to wait and see where this takes us. I think the encouraging part is especially in industrial and automotive is that the silicon content going in those spaces continues to increase year-over-year and so despite ROE impacts, I don't think thats going to slowdown the silicon content increases in those spaces. And frankly, if you look at the pricing of those and equipments, the cost of a $0.50 analog chip going into $0.55 is pretty irrelevant to an automotive customer I think. So if you look at the more macro effect and especially where we see growth someone out there in auto and industrial, it doesn't seem likely that we would see a sharp impact in demand caused just because of ROE. There may be other factors that may lead to that kind of difference.
Dave Pahl: And I'd just to add as many arguments putting pressure on the demand, there is as many arguments that it could help demand on the other side, so it's really tough to be able to quantify each of those into those impacts. Ambrish, you've got follow-up?
Ambrish Srivastava: And this is a clarification in response to Ross's question, Kevin, did you say gross margin will be flat and if so the way to think about it is that factory loading goes down in the non-300 millimeter and 300 millimeter is continuing to ramp so that offsets that lower factory loading?
Kevin March: That's a safe way to think about it, Ambrish. There is mix going on inside there but clearly we continue to ramp up 300 millimeter which is much more cost effective for us and so in balance we dont' expect much change in margins.
Operator: We go now to Doug Freedman with RBC Capital.
Doug Freedman: Just to follow on that mixed shift that you're seeing, Kevin, can you possibly give us the utilization on your overall factory base and the utilization that you're seeing in 300 mil? And then I have a follow-up.
Kevin March: Doug, on the utilization, we typically would just talk about that as something drastic has occurred so I wont go into that right now. I will remind that you on a capital management call, I did discuss for RFAB in particular that we have the majority of the equipment necessary to support the build-out of that factory to a $5 billion revenue level and that into 2014 we had achieved about $2 billion worth of build for revenues in support of that. So call that roughly 40% utilized, but at the same time we're also converting DMOS6 from its exclusive use by embedded processing to also be able to be used by analog, metal add another $3 billion of 300 millimeter analog capacity in DMOS6. So you could say in a sense that our utilization of 300 millimeter may actually decline, but that's not because of loading, that's because of increase in our capacity.
Doug Freedman: The question really that I have as my follow-up is when you look at the year-on-year growth, last year clearly you had a nice year but with the guidance you've just offered were actually down year-on-year. If we look at the long-term growth of your business, is there a point in time at which you might adjust what you think your long-term growth rate would be such that you felt factory consolidation would be part of the equation to drive higher efficiency?
Kevin March: No Doug, factory consolidation isnt on our radar. What we're really interested in is very inexpensive factory acquisition with extremely low carrying cost that allows us to grow into it in a very efficient manner. As we've been talking about analog and a better processing combined for an extended period of time now, have been growing at about 9% compound annual growth rate. In fact even combined for this 1Q that we just closed out they grew another on 9% year-over-year. So they continue to grow quite healthy, I would expect that as we move forward in time well look at those factories that provide us the best cost efficiency and cash flow delivery and keep those operating in load and those that probably going to be biased in our note age towards 300 millimeter.
Dave Pahl: And I just add to that if you look at the growth rates in time just look at whats happened in second quarter, the overall numbers are very strong, I mean if you look at our gross margins, you look at where our OpEx levels are, our operating margins with that 9% analog and embedded processing growth this quarter we turned in 27% free cash flow. So, our financial performance isnt predicated on having to hit a certain growth level we can do very well in a low growth environment or if things pick up we can, we are in a good position to build to support that as well. So thank you Doug and well go to the next caller please.
Operator: Well now go to Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Maybe just looking back to the weakness in the PC market, you clearly had a fairly seasonal December. And I dont know if you saw any PC slowdown there, Intel sure didnt. But then looks like youve figured correction in March. So, one, if you could -- I apologize if you already answered this. But within analog which your high performance and Silicon Valley is still up in March and really it was the PC dragging it down, if so would be down probably double-digit. Is that the right way to look at it? And then as you look to June, Intel is up, PC channel starting to turn around. Is it just that youre working through some inventory or if there is there any way you can quantify that and then kind of just help me with the math as to when do you really start to see that?
Dave Pahl: Well, let me take a shot at it, and then Ill let you ask a follow up. Some of that I think weve touched on. But again the weakness that we saw, Blayne, was really had manifested in March. And that was both in NPCs and in wireless infrastructure. Obviously, I dont know how that played out at some of our competitors but we do expect to see that weakness in second quarter obviously our guidance is reflective of that. So, I dont know if that helps or if there is part of that youd like to ask a clarification or a follow up?
Blayne Curtis: Maybe I would ask -- obviously I can sign up for a full year forecast, so when you look at the businesses of PC in com, clearly theyve been down for several quarters here or will be with the June guide, to get full year growth would require a substantial pick up in the second half. Do you see these as headwinds this year for you and if so how much?
Kevin March: Blayne, Ill just take that. Well go ahead and forecast the balance of the year in front of each quarter when we get there. So we could just give you a guide, one quarter at a time. Obviously, I think you guys are probably better equipped than we are to come up with analysis to help figure out what the year might be and well just leave it at that.
Dave Pahl: Okay, and that we are now out of time. So Id like to thank you all for joining us today. And a replay of this call is available on our Web site. Good evening.
Operator: This concludes our conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-26 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Dave Pahl - VP & Head, IR Kevin March - CFO
Analysts: Chris Danely - Citi Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Craig Ellis - B. Riley Mark Lipacis - Jefferies Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Texas Instruments 4Q '14 and 2014 Year-End Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Thank you and good afternoon and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and year-end 2014 earnings conference call. As usual Kevin March, TI's Chief Financial Officer is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and relevant non-GAAP reconciliations on our web at TI.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Before I review the quarter, let me provide some information that's important to your calendar. We plan to hold a call on February 4, at 10:00 AM Central time to update our capital management strategy. Similar to what we've done for the last two years on this topic, Kevin March will provide insight into our strategy and also answer some of the most frequently asked questions. Turning to our earnings update, the fourth quarter marked another quarter of strong progress. Our core businesses of analog and embedded processing grew again with combined revenue up 13% from a year ago. Revenue of $3.27 billion came in at the middle of the expected range that we communicated to you in October. Earnings per share were $0.76 and included a $0.05 benefit for the reinstatement of the federal research tax credit and a $0.02 benefit from gains on sales of assets. Without these two items, our earnings would have been in the middle of our expected range. In the fourth quarter, our cash flow from operations was $1.3 billion. We believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term. Free cash flow for the year was $3.5 billion, up 18% from a year ago. Free cash flow was 27% of revenue consistent with our targeted range of 20% to 30%. This is a 3 percentage point improvement from a year-ago period. We believe this reflects our improved product portfolio and the efficiencies of our manufacturing strategy which includes our growing 300 mm output and the opportunistic purchase of assets ahead of demand. We also believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it's returned to shareholders or productively invested in the business. In 2014, we returned $4.2 billion of cash to investors through a combination of stock repurchases and dividends. In the fourth quarter, TI revenue grew 8% from a year ago with growth in both analog and embedded processing. Analog revenue grew 14% from a year ago led by Power Management. High Volume Analog and Logic, High Performance Analog and Silicon Valley Analog also grew. This is the 6th quarter in a row of year-over-year growth for analog. Embedded processing revenue grew 11% from a year ago, due to growth in processors, microcontrollers and connectivity, each of which increased by about the same amount. It is notable that connectivity grew at the fastest rate as we continue to see more products being connected. This is the 9th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth for embedded processing. In our other segment, revenues declined 14% from a year ago, due to legacy wireless and custom ASIC products. Turning to distribution, re-sales increased 14% from a year ago, consistent with our combined revenue growth of analog and embedded processing. Weeks of inventory decreased by a week from a year ago to a historically low level of just under 4.5 weeks. This level has decreased over the past few years because we've structurally changed how our inventory is managed in the distribution channel with our consignment program. This quarter we continue to support more of our distribution sales from consignment inventory and now have about 60% of our distribution revenue on consignment, up about 15 percentage points from a year ago. With this program, inventory sits on TI's balance sheet and revenue is recognized when our distributors pull products from our consignment inventory that's stored at the distributor's location. We carry higher loads of inventory on TI's balance sheet with this program which has several benefits such as minimizing impact due to changes in distribution channel inventory and giving us greater flexibility to meet customer demand. Turning to our end markets, in 2014 industrial and automotive combined were 44% of TI's revenue up a couple of percentage points from last year. Specifically, industrial made up 31% of TI's revenue, automotive 13%, personal electronics 29%, communications equipment 17%, enterprise systems 6% and other 4%. We continue to refine our understanding of our customers' end markets with better tools and software. On our website, we've included the last two years of updated market estimates and we've identified the sectors inside of each of those markets for your reference. Finally, let me make a few observations about the year overall. For 2014, analog and embedded processing revenue grew a combined 12% with analog up 13% and embedded up 12%. We gained market share in both businesses again in 2014. These two key businesses were 83% of TI's revenue for the year up from 79% in 2013. Because they now make up more of our revenue, they are driving top line growth for the company. TI revenue overall grew 7% in 2014. Now, Kevin will review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks, Dave and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $1.90 billion or 58% of revenue. Gross profit increased 16% from the year-ago quarter. This gross profit reflects higher revenue, increased factory load-ins and an improved product portfolio focused on analog and embedded processing that benefits from our efficient manufacturing strategy. Moving to operating expenses, combined R&D and SG&A expense of $740 million was down $67 million from a year ago. The decline primarily reflects the targeted reductions in embedded processing and in Japan that were previously announced. That restructuring is now essentially complete and we achieved a little more than our estimated annualized savings. Acquisition charges were $82 million almost all of which were the ongoing amortization of intangibles and non-cash expense. Restructuring and other charges were a $27 million benefit, due to gains on sales of assets. Operating profit was $1.10 billion or 33.6% of revenue. Operating profit was up 60% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for analog was 38.7%. Operating margin for embedded processing was 17.0%, more than doubling from a year ago as we benefit from our investments for growth and as we executed our restructuring plan to better align resources with the opportunities that we are pursuing. While this is solid progress, we still have work to do in this business. We expect embedded operating margins to continue to increase as our investments in R&D and SG&A will continue to drive top line growth while we hold these expenses flat. Net income in the fourth quarter was $825 million or $0.76 per share. As a reminder, earnings per share included a $0.05 benefit for the reinstatement for the federal research tax credit and a benefit of $0.02 from the gains on sales of assets. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.27 billion in the quarter. Inventory days were 117, slightly above our model range but a number that we are quite comfortable with. It is consistent with a growing portion of our product demands being supported with consignment inventory versus customer-owned inventory. We believe these consignment arrangements give us better real-time feedback to end market demand that allow us to better manage our factories and maintain short lead times. We expect consignment inventory to continue to increase over the coming years, as distribution becomes a growing portion of our business. We will monitor the appropriateness of our current model of 105 to 115 days of inventory and possibly update this model in the next year or so. Capital expenditures were $125 million in the quarter. In 2014, cash flow from operations was $3.89 billion, up 15% from the same period a year ago. For the year, capital expenditures were $385 million or 3% of revenue. As a reminder, our long term expectation is for capital expenditures to be about 4% of revenue. Free cash flow for the year was $3.50 billion or 27% of revenue. Free cash flow was 18% higher than a year ago. As we've said, we believe free cash flow growth especially on a per-share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term and will be valued only if it is returned to shareholders or protectively reinvested in the business. As we've noted our intent is to return 100% of our free cash flow plus any proceeds we receive from exercises of equity compensation, minus net debt retirement. In the fourth quarter, TI paid $356 million in dividends and repurchased $698 million of our stock, for a total return of $1.05 billion. Total cash returned in 2014 was $4.15 billion which is 3% higher than the prior year. Outstanding share count was reduced by 3.3% over the past 12 months and by 39% since the beginning of 2005. These returns demonstrate our confidence in TI's business model and our commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders. Fundamental to our commitment to return cash in our cash management, our tax practices. We ended the fourth quarter with $3.54 billion of cash and short term investments. TI's U.S. entities own 82% of our cash because our cash is largely onshore, it is readily available for a variety of uses including paying dividends and repurchasing our stock. TI orders in the quarter were $3.18 billion up 11% from a year ago. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.07 billion to $3.33 billion in the first quarter. At the middle of this range, revenue would increase 7% from a year ago. We expect first quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.57 to $0.67. Restructuring charges will be essentially nil. Acquisition charges which are non-cash amortization charges will remain about even and hold at about $80 million to $85 million per quarter for the next five years. Our expectation for our annual effective tax rate in 2015 is about 30% and this is the tax rate you should use for the first quarter and for the year. The rate is higher than the last year because of an expected increase in profits and does not assume the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit. In summary, the fourth quarter demonstrates the growing strength of TI's business model. Our strategy is anchored in analog and embedded processing and is bolstered by an efficient manufacturing operation and a broad sales channel. The result is a diverse and long-lived positions in many markets. We remain intent on excellence in execution, being disciplined in allocating our capital and our firm belief that free cash flow per share is the best long term indicator of shareholder value. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Vicki, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible the opportunity to ask a question, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Vicki?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Chris Danely with Citi.
Chris Danely: Kevin, I guess if you had to characterize the overall environment now versus say a quarter ago or a year ago would you say broadly speaking not much has changed we're still in this fine roughly seasonal environment? Or have you seen any changes in visibility or your overall business?
Kevin March: No, Chris, I think you said it. While it probably hasn't really changed all that much there was a slight change in our book-to-bill on a year-over-year basis. This quarter was about 0.97. A year ago quarter was 0.94, but frankly because more and more of our orders are coming in on consignment I think book-to-bill means less and less about a particular of where our revenue is going. So I think that to summarize our sense, it's more steady as she goes just like we've seen for the last few years of an economy just growing along on a steady basis and we're trying to take advantage of growing a little bit faster than that.
Dave Pahl: Yes, and Chris, let me add, just, the other things that we see. If you look at our inventory, it's at a healthy level. Our channel inventories are actually down a week, as I said earlier, from a year ago, just under 4.5 weeks. Our lead times remain consistent, our cancellations and reschedules remain very, very low and in addition, we continue to deliver our products on time for customers. So those types of things are always a good indication for the overall environment too. Do you have a follow-up?
Chris Danely: Yes. So it sounds like things are pretty normal, seasonal this year. Can you give us any sense of the relative growth rates of your major product lines this year? What you're expecting between analog, embedded and the other stuff?
Dave Pahl: No, we don't try to forecast out a year on the major product lines or even at the company level. I will point out that both of those product lines turned in another year of market share gains and certainly, we're working really hard to do that for another year and we'll just have to see how the year turns out.
Operator: We will go next to Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava: On the inventory front, are we to assume now that your visibility now, vis-a-vis in the past is higher also, because of a higher percentage is consignment off the disti? And within that, that gives you better visibility? Is that the right way to think about it? So the days are going up versus what your targeted range is and really not comparable to if we look at the last 5 year and 10 year median. And then I had a quick follow up.
Kevin March: Ambrish, I don't know that I would necessarily go to improved visibility, but we do get I would say a much more improved or real-time feedback from what's actually going on with true end demand for our products and the real benefit of that is that we can adjust our factories on a real-time basis whereas as you point out, if you went back a number of years, we carried far fewer days of inventory. But the signal as to how fast our products are actually being consumed in the end market also took a lot longer to get to us and so we'd respond later. Now, we can respond much more quickly. So it's less a question of improved visibility as it is a question of much more real-time feedback as to just how fast our products are being consumed.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay, thanks for the clarification, Kevin, that's what I meant because we always get into this debate in end cycles about sell-in and sell-through. My quick question is, what should we be modeling for CapEx for this year? Thank you.
Kevin March: Yes. I would continue to recommend that you assume that we will average about 4% of our revenues on CapEx on average, over multi-year periods. Some years might be a little lighter like it was this past year where we came in at about 3% in 2014, but on average, we expect 4% and that's how we build our own internal models.
Operator: Next question is from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Kevin, 90 days ago, when you were talking about OpEx for the December quarter you said that looking back a year-ago and how it flowed a year ago was probably a good model and you even mentioned that it would probably be a good model going into the calendar first quarter. Is that statement still hold? Or can you help us understand the puts and takes on OpEx going into the March quarter especially around some seasonal costs?
Kevin March: Yes, John, you're exactly right. So going from fourth quarter to first quarter, the best way to model that is to take a look -- really, the last year is a good starting point. We typically are up in the mid-single digits from fourth to first on OpEx and that's because of the absence of the holiday periods that we have in the fourth quarter and the annual startup of pay and benefit increases that we have in first quarter. This year we might be up just a little bit more than that versus a year ago simply because on higher profitability that we are expecting for the year, we also expect higher variable compensation accruals and so that may take our fourth to first up a little bit higher than what you saw about a year ago.
Dave Pahl: You have a follow-on, John?
John Pitzer: Yes, I do. Just going back to the analog space, Dave, maybe you can give us a little bit more color because it's pretty impressive. You guys put up double-digit growth year-over-year this quarter, against pretty hard compares from the year-ago quarter. So I'm just kind of curious to what extent do you think your market share gains could be accelerating around your consignment efforts? Or if you could just help me understand a little bit better? I know you talked about power leading the way this quarter. Can you help me understand a little bit more why the growth seems to be doing much better than some of your peers?
Dave Pahl: Yes. I think when you look year-over-year first of all, it's good to have all four of those businesses contributing to the growth. Certainly, power is benefiting from just a secular trend of things wanting to run more off of batteries and things that do get plugged in becoming more efficient. We also have a very strong product line there too. So I think that those things are helping us to gain share. We've talked about for some time, that it's not one thing inside of a business like analog or embedded processing that allows you to gain share. There is a lot of things that you have to do to be a good analog company and we've got a lot of competitors that fit that category, but we've got other things, like the scale of our -- and reach of our sales force, our presence on the web, our manufacturing footprint, the technology that we bring to bear and the breath of the product portfolio. I think it's just all those things working together.
Kevin March: I would probably add one more thing there too, is our strategy of -- that we've discussed for a couple years now of buying our capacity ahead of our needs and always have an ample capacity, quite frankly gives our customers, new and old, increased confidence that we have adequate capacity to meet their demand requirements and they see us consistently maintaining short lead times. So that's just another element that helps us be able to win market share versus some of the other competitors that we're up against.
Operator: We will go next to Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and great job on the quarterly execution. Thank you for taking us to the OpEx step-up here in Q1. Now with most of the embedded in Japan restructuring behind you, continued discipline on the team's part, how should we think about the OpEx trends beyond the first quarter? I think Kevin, I heard you mention your embedded OpEx kind of holding flattish, but how should we think about the overall business beyond Q1?
Kevin March: So Harlan, I think the best way to think about that is we discussed -- I think it was back in 2011 that on average, we would expect our OpEx to run between 20% and 30% of revenues. So like in a weak market, it might be at the 30% level and in stronger markets it would be in the 20% level. We're performing quite well in our markets right now and so you're seeing that OpEx come down. In fact, most recently in the second half of 2014 we were running around 23% of revenue and so I would say that you would want to model us in the lower half of that range, as you try to think about how much our OpEx spend will be in 2015.
Dave Pahl: Great. You have a follow-on, Harlan?
Harlan Surveillance: Yes. Thank you for that. Your thoughts, directionally on utilization levels here in Q1? Given the seasonality in your business, I would assume that it's down again given the book-to-bill ratio and the revenue guidance for Q1. Is that also how we should think directionally about gross margins, as well?
Kevin March: I think the way you need to think about utilization is first by definition because we buy capacity ahead of time, we will by definition be operating in an underutilized environment versus our maximum capacity -- theoretical capacity. But that aside, because of manufacturing cycle times, the material that we're starting in the first quarter, especially as we move into the second month of the first quarter, really is destined for second quarter shipments. So your utilization tends to proceed the quarter you're moving into as to what your expectations are and as the second quarter for the last 3, 4, 5 years now and normally for us is a growth quarter compared to the first quarter, we will adjust our factory loadings accordingly to our expectation to second quarter revenue expectations.
Operator: We will go next to Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon: I think to follow up on that gross margin question, it looks to me your implied guidance for margins is maybe 57, maybe a little higher, so low 57, it's down a little bit on revenues that are down slightly with inventories a little higher. Could you just give us some feeling of -- if you don't want to give numbers, at least some of the drivers for gross margins into Q1? And in particular, what are you planning to do with the inventory on your own balance sheet? How will that trend?
Kevin March: Yes. I don't know that I necessarily have -- don't want to get into the GPM per se. Let me just talk a little bit more about what our inventory levels might look like and how that might drive us. We don't have an inventory forecast, per se, but given the growth in consignment and the typically seasonally strong 2Q, we would expect our factory loadings to increase as we move through the quarter as I mentioned a moment ago. One of the things to keep in mind, when you adjust your faculty loadings, if your quarterly loadings are really for the following quarter's expectations then if you think about the pattern of movement through the quarter you take your loadings. Coming into fourth quarter, our loadings would be dropping coming into the quarter and going into first quarter, our loadings would start to increase during the quarter. And so you're always going to have a bit of a lag, when you try to track the GPM that follows with that which I think is what you are asking for there, Stacy. I think more importantly, what we see going forward is that our margins we expect to continue to improve along with our free cash flow. By virtue of the fact that analog and embedded processing continue to become a larger portion of our total revenues and by virtue of the fact that 300 mm manufacturing continues to be a larger portion of our total production, as we go forward and both of those result in both higher margins and higher free cash flow.
Stacy Rasgon: For my follow up, just to touch on the tax rate. So your guidance for next year, 30%, a little higher than your guidance for 2014 was which I think was 28%. I just wanted to verify, is the only real source of that just the higher profit versus expectation? I think you had told us before to tax every incremental dollar of profit around at the incremental tax rate, 35%.
Kevin March: Yes. Stacy, that's correct. In fact, our tax rate in 2014, our guidance was as you said, they rounded down to 28%. It actually came in just a little bit higher than that, if it weren't for the R&D credit and so we're looking at it rounding up to 30%, as we move into 2015. So you're exactly right. As you model what you would expect our earnings and fall-through to be, you should tax that at approximately 35% Delta profit as it comes through during the year.
Dave Pahl: And I'll just point out too Stacy, that that does not assume the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit that we got for 2014.
Kevin March: Yes. If that does reinstate, that would be between 1 and 2 points of tax benefit.
Operator: We will go next to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya: Actually, when I look at your Q4 results versus consensus estimates, you did better in your core analog and embedded segments. But there was some shortfall in the other sales which are actually down 6% year-on-year. I think they were down almost 11% last year and I believe you mentioned some loss of ASIC business. I'm wondering, what is the right way Kevin or Dave to model this segment? Because it is a very profitable segment for you. It is still a decent size segment and I think in the past, you have mentioned that it could be flattish, plus/minus 2% or so. So just conceptually, what is the right way to model the segment?
Dave Pahl: Yes. If you look back at the other segment, the first thing I would point out is, it has a calculated revenue and the seasonally strong back-to-school season happened, but in second and third quarter. So those tend to be the seasonally strongest quarter. Third to fourth, that biggest transition sequentially, of course is due to the change of that business. If you look overall, you can look at the components that fit inside of other. The first is DLP and I described that as a more steady business and one that might have some -- we've described as wild cards of new opportunities. The vast majority of that business is in front projectors today, as well as in cinema and we've got some -- what we call pico projectors or small form factor projectors that make up the revenue. But there is some opportunities inside of automotive and other embedded opportunities that could provide growth in the future. The next biggest piece of that revenue is calculators and that business has been, I would say flat maybe slightly down over time. And then royalties have run steady about $40 million to $50 million a quarter and that's probably a good thing to look and then we will have ASIC business that will transition over to EP over time. That is some business that's in communications infrastructure and we believe that that will move over. So you net all that stuff together and we think that the other segment will be flat, maybe up or down 1 percentage point, as we've described in the past.
Kevin March: And I think Vivek, you also asked about year-over-year. Just recall that last year still had about $55 million or so of wireless revenue it in that this year is essentially zero. So that's your biggest decline on a year-over-year basis.
Vivek Arya: Yes. So as my follow-on, back to your core business, do you think you have the right scale in your embedded business to take op margins into the 20s? So when I look at the three areas within that business; processors, connectivity, microcontrollers, how would you rank TI against the best competitor in that segment? And really, I'm trying to understand how you can grow that segment, gain share, improve margins while keeping investments flattish, while all your competitors are all investing in their respective businesses. Thank you.
Kevin March: Vivek, I'll leave it to you to analyze the competitors. I'll speak to how TI is doing. You may recall back in late 2010 early 2011 timeframe, we significantly stepped up our investments in that particular segment in order to accelerate our product introductions and therefore begin to accelerate our revenue growth and if you take a look at what's happened over the last, as Dave mentioned in his opening remarks, nine quarters of sequential or continuous year-over-year growth that strategy has paid off. So those products are really beginning to take. And as you know, those kinds of products tend to have very long shelf lives, so we expect to see more of the same on that. Now while we took spending down this past year as a result of the restructuring actions we announced this time a year ago, we didn't eliminate them. The amount that we are investing is still quite high and that's why the operating profit is still not quite where we think entitlement will take us to. So we continue to invest at quite a healthy level, just not at the level that you saw us invest in in the prior few years. So those combined, the high levels of investment, an expanding product portfolio from heavier levels of investment in the prior few years, have all given us very strong growth in that segment and will continue to give us growth and quite frankly based upon some of the best in class performance that you can look at out there, we have -- shall we say, expectations similar to at least as well as those companies are operating.
Dave Pahl: Yes and I would also add, Vivek if you look at our product portfolio like inside of microcontrollers, we've got two architectures there where we'll introduce new products with new interfaces and meet new standards, inside of that. A lot of our competitors will have half a dozen or a dozen, different architectures where they've got to spread their R&D investment over. So we can be very efficient with that. And in addition if you remember, as part of the wireless restructuring, we brought over those connectivity products that really already had a pretty significant investment in those wireless technologies. So we're supporting nearly a dozen different wireless standards today and that group is really focused on growing the top line rather than having to develop baseline technologies.
Operator: We will go next to Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello: A lot of great questions asked already. My one question is just around the long term segment goals that you might have. Auto is kind of low double digits, personal electronic is almost 30%, although that's coming down. Is the goal really from a segment diversification standpoint, to continue to increase in particular that auto sub-category and decrease the personal electronics category say, over the next two or three years?
Kevin March: Yes Jim. Our goal is not necessarily to try to optimize that mix, per se. I would say that, if you look inside of personal electronics as an example, we'll look for places where we can find sustainable revenue with a differentiated position. And if you look at some of our largest customers that we sell products into, we'll sell several hundred devices into those customers and those products could be anywhere from $0.75 down to $0.05 and oftentimes, they may have lives that live from one generation of a product to another. So those are the types of opportunities that we try to look for in a space like Comms Equipment. Now certainly, from an incremental investment profile, if we had an extra $1 to spend and we had an opportunity to spend that in either industrial or automotive those products in general just tend to have longer life cycles and better characteristics. So that may see an increase in investment. And then lastly, I would just add that those two markets I think have the secular trends that you are well aware of. So we'll benefit from that as the rest of the industry will and of course, we hope to benefit disproportionately from those investments.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-on, Jim?
Jim Covello: Yes. I guess I'll stick on that topic. So personal electronics has been coming down, but your view would be it's not really a function of an intentional effort on the part of Texas Instruments. It's just more a function of the other businesses that you have or just happen to be better long term growth areas and it's naturally coming down. Is that the right characterization?
Dave Pahl: And even more specific than that I think if you backed out legacy wireless, you'll see that it's actually been fairly stable, as a mix. So that change in percentage is more driven by the strategic decision to exit that one portion of the business.
Operator: We will go next to Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: I also wanted to ask about the end market breakdown that you guys provide. If I look at where you were a year ago, and there was probably some reclassification, but it looked like industrial went from 24% in 2013 to 31% in 2014 and personal assistance from 37% to 29%. Those swings seem dramatic. I just wanted to see if there was some change in the way you were looking at the breakdown?
Dave Pahl: Yes, Joe. We continued to refine our understanding of our customers and markets and we've got better tools and software. So if you go out to our web now, you'll actually see two years of history that we have out there, as well as the identified sectors that those markets made up.
Operator: We will go next to Craig Ellis with B. Riley.
Craig Ellis: Kevin, just to follow up to Vivek's discussion on embedded processing and expense control, it's really the flip side of that. Can you talk a little bit about what you're looking at before you would start to invest more in the business? It's clear you want higher operating margins than you have now but what are the things that TI is looking at before it will commit to incremental investment in that business?
Kevin March: Yes Craig, I would say we're probably quite a ways off before we even have to entertain a question like that. Our focus for the next few years is managing the total spend inside that business and driving top line growth and frankly, if we begin to see top line growth then begin to net the kind of bottom-line results that we can see happening in other players in that space, at that point in time we might entertain increasing our spending but not until then.
Craig Ellis: And then the follow-up is really taking another swing at something that Chris brought up which is longer-term growth on a segment basis. At least in my model, calendar '14 was the first year in the last four or five where embedded processing and analog had similar growth rates and they were both double digits. Just philosophically, as you look at those two businesses which have had very different histories, are there reasons why they should have materially different growth rates going forward? Or given that they are both closer to operating on more optimal levels, should they be fairly similar?
Dave Pahl: Yes. I think when you begin to look longer term at the growth rate and the potentials of those businesses, I would start with what do you believe the semiconductor market will grow on. We have held the position that we think that the semiconductor market roughly grows at twice the rate of GDP. There is some that will violently agree with this and some that will violently disagree with that basic assumption. But whatever that assumption is, we think both analog and Embedded Processing are big enough portions of the market that they will grow in-line with that. If you look at those businesses certainly over the last five years, they both have continued to gain share and we believe that we're continuing to invest and we've got a lot of room to gain share. And in fact, in analog we've got 18.3% market share and inside of Embedded Processing, we've got around 15 percentage points. So lots of headroom to do that and we've gained probably 30, 40, sometimes more than that in market share on a given year. We still have to have everyone report before all the final numbers are in but we're confident that we'll gain share again this year. So Kevin, do you have anything to add to that?
Kevin March: Yes. Craig, one thing I would recommend you maybe take a look at. If you do look at those two segments, analog and embedded processing, their quarterly growth rates I think that was the point you were making. They can vary quite markedly from one another. If you look at the two of them on a year-over-year basis, they actually are much more correlated than you might expect. They're both gaining share as Dave was mentioning and are both growing quite nicely on a year-over-year basis. So if you do some measurements for those two segments on year-over-year growth rates and compare that back over the last half dozen quarters or so, I think you might be pleasantly surprised to see they grow pretty similarly to each other.
Operator: We will go next to Mark Lipacis with Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis: Kevin, as you go into your capital management conference call next week, could you just remind us what your historical philosophy has been on levering the balance sheet to drive shareholder value?
Kevin March: Well Mark, what we've talked about on debt that -- we have debt on the balance sheet today. It will be there until 2023 because that is when the last of the current outstanding bonds matures and our attitude towards debt is that it will continue to be part of the balance sheet when the economics make sense and for us, that economics making sense means that if we can borrow at interest rates that we perceive to be below what we expect our inflation rates to be or correspondingly at less than our dividend yield, then we think that's probably a pretty good deal on behalf of our shareholders and so that will be the kind of parameters that we look at, as we continue to decide how much debt to carry on the balance sheet and as bonds mature going forward. We do actually have a $1 billion of debt maturing in 2015. We have $250 million maturing in April and $750 million maturing in August of 2015.
Dave Pahl: You have a follow-on, Mark?
Mark Lipacis: Yes. Thank you for that color. So the analog business operating margins are about 2000 basis points higher than the embedded. As we think about the potential profitability of the embedded business, are there structural reasons why embedded profitability could not equal the analog profitability longer-term? Thank you.
Kevin March: Mark, I think the simple answer in my mind is it's difficult for us to find evidence of somebody in the marketplace outside of TI, who has been able to perform at those kind of levels. I think the economics are such that it'll be very attractive. It's going to be a great place for us to be in, but it probably doesn't quite get up to par of what you see in analog. I think analog is quite unique in what it can produce for companies and for shareholders who all own those companies like we do.
Operator: We will go next to Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company.
Timothy Arcuri: Just a question again on gross margin and what the possible headroom is, I guess if you look at the embedded business, you're up to 17%, but if you look at some of the well-run peers in that space, they're doing sort of mid-20s. So maybe ask a little bit different way, is there any reason why you can't get the embedded margins up to the mid-20s?
Kevin March: No. There is no reason why we can't do that.
Dave Pahl: Yes. We've made good progress. Obviously, Tim, we still have work to do, but we believe that we can get into that range with revenue growth and so that's what we're planning to do. They've got a good start. You've nine quarters in a row of year-on-year growth and are making progress towards moving that operating margin higher. Do you have a follow-on?
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. I do, yes. And then just relative to the inventory, certainly some of it is structural as you indicated, but is any of the rise in inventory related to your perception that June could be a little bit better than seasonal quarter?
Kevin March: Tim, I would say that it's probably too early for us to call the entire second quarter. Right now, we're focused on first quarter. So the inventory that we've got staged today is designed to support our first quarter needs and then as we adjust our factory loadings in first quarter, that inventory that we build will be designed to deal with our second quarter needs. And as I mentioned earlier, we expect we will be ramping up our factories as we go through first quarter in support of second quarter and when we get to the end of the quarter we will find out how much inventory we're holding at that point in time.
Operator: We will go to our last question from Doug Freedman with RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Freedman: I guess if I could dig deep into some of the results that you've reported and maybe some of the outlook that you might have by key markets out there. I think investors are interested to hear what you're seeing in the PC and server power markets as well as maybe the disk drive markets. And if you could offer some color on what you're seeing in the communications market as well? I think those are -- maybe not that overly material to the TI story, but they are to investors in general.
Dave Pahl: Okay, Doug, let me share some end market trends that we've seen. I think that that may address some of those issues, maybe not down at the level that you are quite asking. So I think you were talking about PCs and those would fall into our personal electronics products. On a year-on-year basis, they were up, despite the declines that Kevin had mentioned earlier in legacy wireless and that growth was led by mobile phones. If you look at industrial and I want to point out, when we talk about industrial we've been very intentional about how to measure that and it's different than when investors talk about the industrial market. And the sectors, we've got a dozen sectors that make up industrial and they include things like factory automation and control, medical, healthcare, fitness, building automation, smart grid, motor drives, displays those types of things, the full list is out on our website. And we've seen that was up led by medical and healthcare fitness. Appliance, factory automation and smart grid were also up from a year ago. Comms equipment was up due to wireless infrastructure and then enterprise systems were up, primarily due to projectors. So with that, you have a follow-on?
Doug Freedman: Yes, I guess for my follow-on, just what are you seeing in terms of any shift in the competitive landscape? I know investors are somewhat concerned over what we're seeing in China from an investment standpoint. Is there anything in your markets that you're seeing that would point to any change in the competitive landscape?
Kevin March: Doug, as it relates to China in particular, because you've mentioned that there we've been in China for a very long time now. We have I think over a dozen sales and R&D sites there. We have both a wafer fabrication facility and an assembly test site there. In addition, we have thousands of customers buying thousands of parts and consequently, we've become a very important supplier to a large number of Chinese companies across a very diverse set of markets. So we see China as continuing to be a great opportunity for TI regardless of any of the competitive environments out there and our goal is to operate in China just like we do in the rest of the world which is to make ourselves an integral part of their success and an indispensable supplier and we've got a great shall I say, a long way -- we're a long way into that already and we feel pretty good about our position.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Great. Thanks for that question, Doug and thank you all for joining us. We look forward to talking to you again on our February 4 Capital Management Call. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-20 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Dave Pahl - VP, Head of Investor Relations Kevin March - SVP and CFO
Analysts: John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Securities, Inc. Craig Ellis - B. Riley & Co. Stephen Chin - UBS Securities, LLC Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Lipacis - Jefferies Blayne Curtis - Barclays Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Doug Friedman - RBC Capital Markets William Stein - SunTrust Humphrey Robinson Tore Svanberg - Stifel Nicolaus CJ Muse - ISI Group
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments' Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dave Pahl. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Pahl: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining our third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin Marks, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and relevant non-GAAP reconciliation on our website at TI.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor Statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for more complete description. The third quarter was another quarter that marked strong progress. Our core businesses of analog and embedded processing grew again with combined revenue of 10% from a year ago. Revenue of $3.5 billion came in solidly in the upper half of our expected range we had communicated to you in July. Earnings per share of $0.76 was at the top of our range as profitability was strong in the quarter. Our cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion. We continue to believe that free cash flow growth is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long-term, especially on a per share basis. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 month was almost $3.5 billion, or 27% of revenue consistent with our targeted range of 20% to 30% of revenue. This is a 300 basis point improvement from a year ago period. We believe this reflects our improved product portfolio and the efficiencies of our manufacturing strategy which includes our growing 300 millimeter output and purchasing assets ahead of demand at the stressed prices. We also continue to believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it's returned to shareholders or productively invested in the business. Over the past 12 months we've returned $4.2 billion of cash to investors through a combination of stock repurchases and dividends paid. In the third quarter, TI revenue grew 8% from a year ago with growth in both analog and embedded processing. Analog revenue grew 11% from a year ago led by power management. High volume analog and logic, high performance analog, and Silicon Valley analog also grew. Embedded processing grew 6% from a year ago due to microcontrollers, connectivity and processors each of which grew by about the same amount. Embedded processing delivered its eighth quarter in a row of year-on-year growth. In our other segment, revenue was about even from a year ago as a decline in legacy wireless products was mostly offset by growth in DLP products. Turning to distribution, resales increased 10% from a year ago consistent with our combined revenue growth in analog and embedded processing. Weeks of inventory were unchanged at a historically low level of just over four and a half weeks. This level was low because we've structurally changed how inventory is managed in the distribution channel with our consignment program. This quarter we continue to convert more of our distribution sales to consignment and now support about 55% of our distribution revenue on consignment up about 10 percentage points from a year ago. With this program, inventory sits on TI's of balance sheet and revenues recognized from distributors pull products from our consignment inventory that is stored at the distributors' locations. This program minimizes changes in demand due to distribution inventory -- channel inventory and most importantly, allows us greater flexibility to meet customer demand. From an end market perspective, TI revenue growth from a year ago was due to communications equipment, industrial and automotive, each of which grew by about the same amount. Enterprise systems was also up while revenue and personal electronics declined due to legacy wireless products. Now, Kevin will review profitability, capital management and our outlook. Kevin?
Kevin March: Thanks Dave and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.04 billion or 58.4% of revenue. Gross profit increased 15% from the year ago quarter and gross profit margin hit another new record. This gross profit reflects higher revenue and an improved product portfolio focused on analog and embedded processing that benefits from our efficient manufacturing strategy. Moving to operating expenses, combined R&D and SG&A expense of $795 million was down $38 million from a year ago. The decline primarily reflects the targeted reductions in embedded processing in Japan that were previously announced as well as continued cost discipline across TI. Acquisition charges were $83 million almost all of which were the ongoing amortization intangibles and non-cash expense. Restructuring and other charges were $9 million benefit primarily due to gains from sales of assets. Operating profit was $1.18 billion or 33.6% of revenue. Operating profit was up 39% from the year ago quarter. Net income in the third quarter was $826 million or $0.76 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.38 billion in the quarter. Inventory days were 108 consistent with our model of 105 to 115 days. Capital expenditures were $103 million in the quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, cash flow from operations was $3.82 billion, up 17% from the same period a year ago. Trailing 12-month the capital expenditures were $367 million or 3% of revenue. As a reminder, our long-term expectations for capital expenditures to be about 4% of revenue.  Besides inexpensively adding capacity ahead of demand, we have focused on delivering higher levels of customer service. By combining this capacity with continued improvement and how we manage inventory, we're able to keep our lead-times consistently low while continuing to deliver on time. Free cash flow for the past 12 months was $3.45 billion or 27% of revenue. As we've said, we believe strong cash flow growth particularly free cash flow growth as most important to maximize shareholder value in the long-term that will be valued only if its return to shareholders or productively reinvested in the business. In the third order, TI paid $319 million in dividends and repurchased $670 million of our stock for a total return of $989 million. As we've noted, our intent is to return all of our free cash flow plus any proceeds that we received from the exercise of equity compensation minus net debt retirement. Total cash return in the past 12 months was $4.16 billion which was 9% higher than a year ago. In the quarter, we announced a 13% dividend increase in our quarterly cash dividend from $0.30 to $0.34 per share or $1.36 annualized. This marked our 11th consecutive year of increasing dividends and our 52nd year of continuous dividend payments. Outstanding share count has reduced by 3.5% over the past 12 months and by 39% since the beginning of 2005. These returns demonstrate our confidence in TI's business model and our commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders. Fundamental to our commitment to return cash are our cash management and tax practices. We ended the third quarter with $3.19 billion of cash and short-term investments up from $2.80 billion at the beginning of the quarter. TI's U.S. entities own 81% of our cash. Because our cash is largely onshore, it is readily available for a variety of uses including paying dividends and repurchasing our stock. TI's orders in the quarter were $3.34 billion, up 6% from a year ago and our book-to-bill ratio was 0.95. This ratio would have been a bit higher except for the effect of the conversion to consignment of some products sold at distribution. While book-to-bill still would have been below one, this is consistent with the pattern that we're seeing for the past four years. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.13 billion to $3.39 billion in the fourth quarter. At the middle of this range, revenue would increase 8% from a year ago. We expect fourth quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.64 to $0.74. Restructuring charges will be essentially nil. Acquisition charges which are non-cash amortization charges will remain about even and hold at about $89 million to $85 million per quarter for the next five years. Our expectation for our effective tax rate in 2014 remains about 28%. This is the tax rate you should use for the fourth quarter. In summary the third quarter demonstrates the growing strength of TI's business model. Our strategy is anchored in analog and embedded processing and is bolstered by an efficient manufacturing operation and a broad sales channel. The result is diverse and long-lived positions in many markets. We remain intent on excellence in execution, disciplined in allocating our capital, and firm believers that free cash flow per share is the best long-term indicator of shareholder value. With that let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks Kevin. Operator you can open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for additional follow-up. Danny?
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead sir.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Good afternoon guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Kevin I guess my first question will be on OpEx. Clearly you are well ahead of sort of your expected annualized savings of $130 million with the restructuring actions. How do think OpEx will trend sequentially into the December quarter? And if you look at R&D as a percent of rev now below 10%, is that just a structural change in the model and how worried should I be at what scale level you should be investing on R&D for future growth? I understand that you are still spending absolutely a lot more money than most of your peers, but tough to see someone with your gross margins and R&D as a percent below 10%.
Kevin March: Okay, John a think there were a couple in there so let me see if I can remember them all. Starting with OpEx and trends, the -- clearly OpEx was down quarter-over-quarter largely as a result of some of the restructuring actions we previously announced as well as just ongoing cost discipline in all the various businesses across TI. As you look into fourth quarter, if you just go back and take a look at a year ago that's probably your best gauge to take a look at the fourth quarter and even first quarter for that matter. We typically see that OpEx is lower in the fourth quarter due to holidays and vacations. In addition this fourth quarter, we expect a further benefit of another $15 million of cost to come out as a result of the restructuring that we announced on the embedded processing that's part of that $130 million of annualized savings that you were mentioning John. In fact we're probably running ahead of that $130 million of annualized savings right now. We're probably come up to beyond that. From the total R&D spend, as a percent of revenue, again, I think what's more important is not how much you spent, but how well you spent it. And I think the best indicator and how well you are spending is what's happening to your market share as a result of the products we're introducing into the market. In our case, if you take a look at 2006 through 2013, the last full year periods that we reported on, our total R&D spend is up 77% over that period. But most importantly, that R&D is a result in products where we have continually gained share. So, again I think John its less a question of how much you spend and a lot more how well you spend it and spend it on things that customers really carry about.
Dave Pahl: Good. John you have a follow-up?
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yeah. Guys quickly just I know you don't give segment guidance or revenue, when I look at the embedded business in the September quarter, it was up only about 1.1% sequentially which is little bit weaker than I had been modeling and I'm kind of curious as to what you think might have driven that? And given that some of your peers have talked about sort of slowdown in the second half of September from a macro perspective, did any of that play into the embedded business in the September quarter? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Okay. So let me take that, John. I think if you look at the growth rates between analog and embedded processing, you can see a lot of quarters they won't grow the same. And I think if you look at -- both of those businesses they have different end market exposures and really it's those end market exposures that will explain most of the differences in those numbers. So -- and the second part of our question was, yeah, just -- did -- basically the overall environment impacting the growth that we've seen there and Id just say, no, that really isnt in those numbers. Basically that forecast is given off of the orders that we received from our customers. So thank you John. Can we go to the next caller please?
Operator: Yes sir. Our next caller is Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, thank you very much. Just on the overall demand environment. There is a lot of confusion out there, but it seems like things have slowed down, so just wanted your perspective. In the past you guys have given us certain things as you look at such as cancellations and so on and so forth. And also within that frame of reference, Dave, if you could please just walk us through your disti consignment versus non-consignment? And then how would you compare to somebody who claims that they are sell-through so they see a slowdown before -- a quarter or so before others. And then I had a very quick follow-up.
Dave Pahl: Okay, so a couple of points in there Ambrish. The first is that, I just point out that all of our distributors provide us with a point-of-sale reporting and we get that information on a very regular basis. So regardless of how the revenue is recognized we see what's going on from a distributor resale standpoint. The second thing, you touched on the current environment, and we really want to be guarded on trying to take a position for the industry on where thats going. But we can really point to just what we see.  If I kind of step through those, our inventory on our books is at 108 days is within our target model. If you look at our channel inventories, those were essentially unchanged from last quarter. They are at a very lean level, at just over 4.5 weeks. Our lead-times have been consistent and I would say low. Our cancellations and reschedules remain very low, so nothing changing on that front. And then probably as we have grown over these last few quarters we've been able to support that growth and keep delivering our products on time at very, very high service levels. So, our operations continue to execute at that high level. So -- and then I will get to the last part of your question was what percentage of our revenue goes through distribution and what percentage is supported by consignment. So, the first one is, about 55% of our revenues go through the distribution channel and about 55% of that is supported on consignment. And as we pointed out in our prepared remarks that has increased by about 10% from year ago as we've had a couple of conversions go on this year. And I would say that we are not done with that. We actually expect that additional conversions will happen and -- over the next year or so, so we expect that percentage will actually increase. So Ambrish you have follow-up?
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Yeah, a quick follow-up, Dave, on the embedded operating margins you guys have had a steady increase, what's the right way to think about how do you get to North of 20%? Is it just a matter of focusing on the right product mix and getting that ramped up or is it something beyond that. Thank you, Dave. 
Dave Pahl: Sure.
Kevin March: Yeah, Ambrish. I will take that one. On embedded processing there our margins have been continuously improving over these last few quarters and we would expect further improvement. Recall, I just mentioned earlier in the call that we would expect another $15 million or so of cost to come out of fourth quarter and most of that will come out of embedded processing. I would add that, from this point going forward, and we've talked about this last couple of quarters, the amount of spend inside embedded processing is sufficient. It doesnt need to increase anymore. What really the focus is revenue growth and thats what this is really about. And that entire team has been very focused on that. I believe they just recorded their eight quarter in a row of year-over-year revenue growth, so they clearly are working on the right metrics to really make that business start to deliver profitability at the level we expected to at TI.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Ambrish. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First I want to dig into the embedded processor margins again just a little bit. You had about $26 million in OpEx come out from Q2 to Q3. You had revenue in the Group, up a little bit or mostly flat. Margins were only up a little bit. Given all of that cost in theory I would have expected to come out of embedded processing, why werent the embedded processing margins up more. It doesnt seem like all of those cost savings actually flowed through the margins this quarter.
Kevin March: Actually they all flowed through the margins, Stacy, but not all through embedded processing. Recall, those actions incorporate both embedded processing as well as actions in Japan, which drove margins as well. Even with that at the EP level you did see about a 72% fall through on that delta revenue. So you're seeing it come through, but do keep in mind that Japan start spreading on some of the other businesses as well.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Got it, got it. Thats helpful. So my follow-up, if I can dig into the gross margins little bit, I think both for this quarter and next quarter. So for this quarter you came in a little bit high, I guess, was that only the revenue upside or was there something else in terms of mix or other cost savings that push it up. And then for next quarter depending on how far you are guiding OpEx down, it feels to me like you are guiding gross margins implicitly flat to up in Q4 and quarter of revenues are down and typically your gross margins will be down in Q4 as well. So if you could give us any sort of feeling for what the gross drivers for next quarter ought to be in terms of mix offsetting revenue declines that would be very helpful.
Kevin March: Sure, Stacy. I think that, clearly, the extra revenue came through and it was quite rich. We also had a slightly better mix of overall products that were shipped in the quarter. That combined gave us that new record gross profit margin of 58.4%. As we look into fourth quarter, I would not characterize our guidance suggesting that margins go up. We will be reducing loading some in the fourth quarter on a seasonal basis. Hence you can expect that margins will be down a bit, not very much, but down just a little bit. So depending on how you're building your model there I wouldnt assume margins increase in fourth quarter. 
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Got it. 
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Thank you Stacy and we will go to the next caller.
Operator: Our next caller is Harlan Sur with JP Morgan.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Securities, Inc.: Thank you for taking my question and congrats on the solid quarterly execution. The markets have been focused on Europe and China as sources of potential weakness. At the same time the team has done a solid job on diversification and maybe thats what it is, the diversity of forging a more stable revenue profile. But at the margin, can you just talk about the overall health by geographies. Have you seen any signs of weakening above the normal seasonal trends that you would normally expect during Q3 or Q4?
Dave Pahl: Yeah, sure Harlan. I would say if you just look at what happened regionally, year-over-year Asia and Europe were both up while the U.S. was even and Japan was down a little bit. And sequentially all the regions were up with Asia and Europe up the most.  And if you look specifically inside of China and how resales had done there, we had looked into that. And I'd just say that resales really just continued to be solid as we closed out the quarter. So thats basically what we saw. You have a follow-up?
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Securities, Inc.: Yes, absolutely. Thank you for that. You gave us some trends in OpEx into the fourth quarter. How should we think about OpEx as we move into the first half of next year?
Kevin March: Harlan, I won't comment on first half, but I will give you some thoughts on first quarter. Your best way to analyze that, this could take a look at what happened from fourth quarter to first quarter of the most recent year coming out of 2013, 2012. We do have seasonal increases in OpEx as we go from fourth to first typically because of an absence of vacations that we have in fourth and the partial implementation of our annual pay and benefit increases that occur in first. So they will -- you should expect those to be up and you can take a look at -- again this past year to get a rough idea as about how much that increased by in percentage terms. 
Dave Pahl: Yeah. And I would just add, Harlan, that the -- as we indicated before, Kevin pointed out that we are expecting about $15 million more savings in fourth quarter at that point will be essentially complete on those announced actions. So, we will basically be just have a seasonal impact that Kevin had mentioned. All right, thank you. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Next caller is Craig Ellis with B. Riley.
Craig Ellis - B. Riley & Co.: Thanks for taking the question. I will start off with a bigger picture question, Kevin. The company has done a very good job of looking forward and being proactive, taking action to either prune lower margin revenue stream such as wireless or identifying opportunities for cost savings such as the optimization program this year. As you look ahead how much further room is there for a similar such optimization efforts? Are we really at a point where the TI model is getting very close to being optimized?
Kevin March: Yeah, Craig. I think that as we look forward from an optimization standpoint, I think the ones you've talked about so far have been more about where we might have trimmed areas that had opportunities perhaps not quite as attractive as other areas.  I think perhaps one of the areas least appreciated as people look at TI on a go forward basis is the impact that continued delta revenue on 300 millimeter analog is going to have for us. The cost structure to build on 300 millimeter is very attractive. And so incremental revenue going forward on 300 millimeter, we expect to produce not only higher margins, but also higher levels of total cash on that delta revenue.
Dave Pahl: You have a follow on Craig?
Craig Ellis - B. Riley & Co.: Yeah, I do. Thank you. Dave, you mentioned the strength in analog power management on year-on-year basis. Was it similarly strong sequentially and what specifically is driving that strength?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. So on a sequential basis if you look at our analog business it was up primarily due to High Volume Analog & Logic, as well as Power Management. Though we did see growth really from all four businesses, High Performance Analog and Silicon Valley also grew. So, you see a little bit of difference there sequentially. But again power continue to strong in both comparisons.  Okay, thank you, Craig. We will go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Chin with UBS Securities, LLC.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities, LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to draw down little bit on the embedded processing segment, in particular between micro-processors and micro-controllers and I guess DSPs and application processors.  Could you talk about some of the trends that you saw in Q3 especially from any, I guess, communications equipment exposure that you have?
Dave Pahl: Okay. So embedded processing, as you know grew 6% from a year ago. That was driven by micro-controllers, connectivity and processors each growing by about the same amount. And again as Kevin pointed out that was the eight quarter in a row of year-over-year growth.  Sequentially, revenue was a little better than even, connectivity was up and processors and micro-controllers were about even sequentially. So, you have follow on Stephen?
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities, LLC: Yes. In terms of gross margins, I'm just wondering if this year there is an opportunity for you to take advantage of building any strategic inventory for certain products that you know have good turnover and hence maybe further optimize gross margins a little bit in a seasonally slower quarter. Thanks.
Kevin March: Yeah, Stephen, we do that on ongoing basis. Thats one of the ways that were able to keep sort of lead-time for the overwhelming majority of our parts to six weeks or less. In fact, we build the stock not necessarily build the order. Meaning, we maintain a stock of inventory such that we can always have short lead-times from our customers. So from a strategic standpoint that is done.  It does have a little bit of ebb and flow. As you point out, when we have lower loadings in certain quarter it gives us chance to build up on feed extra parts on that. But I dont think there is a whole lot of opportunity to do that just to impact the gross margins. I think we're really doing that to impact customer service.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. And I would also add, Stephen that if you take the combined way that we are managing inventory now and we're being very intentional specific targeted programs depending on how quickly that inventory turns. But you take that plus the open capacity that we've got and the combination of those two things and we've really been able to execute at very high levels and deliver our products on time to customers. And so we think not only having low lead-times but also delivering product when you make a commitment to a customer, combination of those things are what customers would like to have. Okay. Thank you. We move on to the next caller please.
Operator: Next we have Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you. Can you talk about where your fab utilizations are now just qualitatively and there's still an underutilization charge to -- as part of these numbers?
Kevin March: Joe on the underutilization charges, the answer is yes there are. But we're not really talking about those anymore and the reason is really kind of straight forward. We found that analysts and some inventories where on a conclusion that because we had underutilization that increase in our utilization would be the maximum amount by which we could increase our overall profitability if we put revenue into those factories, and thats really an incomplete answer. Remind you that our stated strategy is to invest in our capacity ahead of demand by definition. That means we will have open capacity and underutilization cost. Our purpose of providing ahead of demand is to purchase that capacity with as little cash as possible.  So the utilization charge is mostly a non-cash charge and it tends to mix the point that our objective is to maximizing free cash flow. So for that reason you haven't really heard us commenting on or quantifying underutilization charges this past few quarters and unlikely to in the future unless there is some material changes that causes the better understanding of what's going on.
Dave Pahl: And Joe, I will just add, the last time we had stated our end-to-end capacity, it was in the $18 billion range. So if you want to get a qualitative feel of where capacity is, you can annualize our quarterly revenues and put it against that number and it will get you into the zip code. So you have a follow on Joe?
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Yeah. Thank you for that. In terms, could you give us an update on the base station market? And I know you said that continue to be strong. Just anything that you are seeing from that end market?
Dave Pahl: Well, if I just look at the communications market overall and I would -- from a year-on-year standpoint it was up primarily due to wireless infrastructure, while sequentially it was down. And basically we just saw that in -- as a seasonal pause in the fourth quarter. So thank you very much
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Dave Pahl: And we go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next caller is Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Dave Pahl: Hi Vivek.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hello. Thank you for taking my question. You mentioned a very interesting thing on improving output from your 300 millimeter fab and I was wondering if you could give us some more color around what percentage of your starts are moving to that fab? And more importantly what that implies for gross margins? For example in the past you have mentioned about 75% fall through on gross margin. So as you increase the loading on 300 millimeter, what does that do to that number over the next several quarters or years?
Kevin March: Yeah, Vivek. I dont know that I'm prepared to give you a detailed quantification of that nature. What I would just say is that, we've talked in past about -- just from the geometrics alone that the chip cost itself was about 30% lower on 300 millimeter than it is on 200. Not to mention that you also get better yield results and so on, so you get a number of different benefits. So what we are seeing happening is proportionally more and more new products that we're releasing are being released on to 300 millimeter, which means as we look out over the next year, two, three, four years, more and more of our revenue will be sourced off of 300 millimeter, which inherently means it's got lower cost which should allow us to incrementally increase our gross margins as well as our importantly our free cash flow.  Beyond that I dont have any specifics I will give you at this point in time. But I do want to introduce that confidence to people because I think it's been underestimated as to how important that to TI's continued progress.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it.
Dave Pahl: You've got follow on Vivek?
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Dave, the question is on the end market mix, I believe, you mentioned comps was strong on year-on-year basis. I was wondering if you could just give us your end market mix overall for Q3 and how do you see those trends playing out in Q4? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yeah. So on a year-on-year basis our revenue growth was due to coms equipment, industrial and automotive, as I mentioned before, each of which grew and contributed to that growth by about the same amount.  Our Enterprise Systems was also up while revenue in personnel electronics declined due to legacy wireless products. So, if you kind of go down one step in each side of -- inside of each one of those, industrial, we've got about a dozen sectors inside of industrial.  And as we've talked to different investors over the last few months and as we are traveling around, it becomes clear to us that our definition of industrial probably isnt as well understood. And we've got -- years ago we used to define it as what it wasnt, meaning it wasnt coms equipment or it wasnt automotive or it wasnt other things. But now we've got very intentional definitions. We've got about a dozen different sectors that make that up. So things like appliances and building automation and displays and point-of-sale products, factory automation, industrial transportation, medical healthcare, fitness, lighting, motor drives, power infrastructure, things like that. So very, very broad, but very specific.  So when you look on year-on-year basis, we had growth in nearly all of those sectors with most of the sectors actually providing double-digit growth. It was actually led by medical and healthcare fitness and factory automation. But, again, we saw that growth very broad based. Automotive, we've got five sectors inside of that and I'll also just point that those sectors are actually out on our website of people are interested. But we've got double-digit in all the sectors, but led by passive, safety and infotainment.  Coms equipment, as I mentioned, was up due to wireless infrastructure. Personnel electronic was down due to legacy wireless products and if you take that out we did see growth in PC and notebooks and mobile phones and that was partially offset by some weakness that we saw in gaming. And then the enterprise systems, thats -- part of that is where our DLP products will sit and that was up due to projectors. So I will stop there. So thank you Vivek. We have a follow-up question?
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No, that was my
Dave Pahl: Yeah, thank you very much. We will go to the next caller. Thanks so much for that.
Operator: Our next caller is Mark Lipacis with Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: Thanks for taking my question. The first question is, historically, when you saw lead-times stretch for some of your competitors, not -- even if you are only time stayed stable, you would see not only double ordering at your competitors, but also double ordering at Texas Instruments as well.  And I'm wondering if you think something is changed structurally with how guys are running the business or how that industrial operates that might have changed that dynamic?
Kevin March: Yeah, Mark. I dont know that I will speak for the industry, but I will speak for TI and kind of go back to comment we made earlier. As a result of us taking an approach whereby we intentionally invested capacity before we needed and therefore always have more capacity that was needed for that quarter's business. It allows us to be able to build inventory in a much more thoughtful fashion than we have in the past.  A consequence of that has been that not only have we've been able to maintain lead-times for the preponderance of our products thats six weeks or less for several years now, we've also been able to maintain a very high level of on time delivery to our customers against those lead-times. So when you put that together, what you've really got for TI is it's just a different way whereby we are managing our manufacturing footprint and how we utilize that manufacturing for purposes of managing inventory.  As it relates to double ordering, again, one of the biggest things that tends to be evident when double orderings begins to popup as you start seeing cancellations or reschedulings beginning to ramp up. We do not see that and we have not seen that for some time now.  So I think the strategy whereby we have capacity ahead of demand and we use that thoughtfully to make sure that we can maintain relatively low lead-times is severing well to satisfying our customers at least as it relates to demand for our products.
Dave Pahl: You have a follow-up Mark?
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: Yes, I do. And thats helpful, Kevin. And the follow-up is actually on that topic about the lead-times. I think earlier in the script you said you're delivering -- you are focused on delivering higher levels of customer service. And then I think you said, you followed that up with saying we are keeping lead-times consistently low. So, I guess, I'm just trying to reconcile when you say delivering higher levels of customer service, are you -- do you think that you have your lead-times over maybe a longer period of time have come end that they're just structurally shorter? Or are you just delivering them more consistently at a shorter time. So I just have to reconcile when you said, what is the higher level of customer service? What is the improvement have been? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks for clarification. I think its a real good question. So when we referred of that, we look at a bunch of different customer service metrics. One is just how many line items are we shipping on time and we've had some very intentional initiatives that have been set up to be able to ensure that that is a good solid number and we are taking advantage of both the capacity and our inventory to ensure that we are consistently delivering on time. And so thats one of the metrics that we look at and thats what we mean by customer service, it's not really changing those lead-times, but keeping them stable and then delivering products when we saw that we'll deliver them. It's really the combination of those two things.  So thanks Mark, and we will go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Just going back, Kevin, on gross margin, if you could just go through what drove the offside versus your guidance, then you're obviously sustaining that going forward. Is there anything that doesnt repeat in such that --and it sounds like you can grow it off this space. Just want to make sure I heard that right. 
Kevin March: Yeah, Blayne, the guidance actually -- we are up a little bit from guidance, not a huge amount. But really what we have was little bit more revenue come through. But importantly we also have a slightly better mix of product that we ship to our customer. And so combined that gave us a slightly higher gross margin than previous expected. And then on a go forward basis, again, that mix continues to be in our favor as we go forward and so consequently as we look into fourth quarter our margins will continue to be quite strong.  And importantly, because of the rather unique situation that we have with 300 millimeter analog manufacturing capacity, we have significant opportunity to continue to drive not just improved margins but importantly good cash flow. Again, I will remind you some of the things that we do. We've got 300 millimeter analog. I do want to make that point of having it. We've got a lot more of our revenue coming from catalog parts which inherently tend to have more attractive margin characteristics. We have increasing portions of our revenue coming from industrial and automotive spaces and those three concepts are pretty important. Catalog parts, industrial, automotive tend to have very nice long revenue streams, which means we have plenty of time to figure out and maximize our cost efficiency from production standpoint and maximize our revenue and cash flow off that. Now, we've got increasing customer diversity. So our dependence on any one customer and therefore of the risk to our loadings or cash flow generation are diminished. And perhaps also very importantly we have a sales force that we estimate to be three to four times larger than our nearest competitors and those folks are becoming increasingly productive. And so we're beginning to get a lot more revenue per sales person which means we can grow revenue without having to grow OpEx as fast as revenues growing. Those things combined not only will help our margins, but also definitely help our cash flow. 
Dave Pahl: Okay. Blayne, you have a follow-up question? 
Blayne Curtis - Barclays: Yeah, thanks. So just for a big picture level, I think you already answered this, but I just wanted to make sure I missed anything. We've had seen some companies referenced part still weaknesses. I mean, I would say your results are normal, if not even better than normal.  Are you seeing any areas that are weak and you are offsetting that with share gains or strength elsewhere? Just curious your perspective or are you not seeing any weakness at all anywhere?
Dave Pahl: Well, yeah, I will let you draw the conclusions from the numbers. I think that, obviously, the results are solid. I think that the outlook is consistent with the orders and our visibility into what customers are telling us they want from a consignment standpoint. So -- and from a share gain standpoint, I think that we've had multiple years now where we have had gain share, think it's always hard to tell in any one particular quarter that you're picking up share, but I think when you look back over a year, you can see that trend. So, we believe in our numbers, there share gains, but I'd be careful and anyone quarter to be able to point that out. So, thank you Blayne. And we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Hi guys, thanks for letting me ask a question. I guess the one segment nobody has asked about thus far is other, did a bit better than I had expected. Dave you broke down what was the year-over-year and sequentials with the sub buckets in the other two segments. Can you do that for the other segment as well? And if it is DLP, give us a little description on is there some seasonality in that that we need to appreciate going forward? Thanks.
Dave Pahl: Sure, sure. Thanks Ross. Yeah, so on a year-on-year basis, again, other was even. We saw a decline in legacy wireless products and that was mostly offset by the growth in DLP products. On a sequential basis -- let me just finish year-on-year. If you look beyond that, calculators as well as custom ASIC business were up and royalties were down just slightly. So sequentially, revenue was up due to growth in calculators and DLPs. Royalties were flat and custom ASIC was down a little bit. So, I'd say that all of those businesses are performing well and if you look at DLP, they are typically stronger in the back half of the year in third quarter, but I would say that business is just executing well. When we look at that business longer term, I describe that it's got several wildcard growth opportunities. If you look at most of the business today, it will be centered up in the front projectors that you'll typically see in offices and schools and government buildings, but -- and it also has a solid cinema business, but from a broader standpoint, it's some opportunities inside of automotive as well as some embedded opportunities there as well.
Kevin March: Pico as well.
Dave Pahl: Yeah, the Pico projectors as well. So, thanks Ross, do you have a follow-up?
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: I do. Kevin you were helpful in giving us some balance around the OpEx and looking at prior years and how things have dropped seasonally due to vacations et cetera in both the fourth and in the first quarter doing the other direction. Can you give us a little bit of a harder number on what that typical percentage changes quarter-to-quarter? Looking back in the past you guys have had a number of restructuring programs that make it a little bit difficult to parse out what seasonality and what is restructuring driven in both the fourth of the first quarter? Thank you.
Kevin March: Yeah, Ross I actually pointed to the last fourth to first transition with the idea, that's a good one for you to look at because in fact the timing of the announcement for the embedded process and Japan restructuring, you may remember we announced that in January of this past year, so we hadn't even begun the activities yet inside the first quarter. So, the underlying cost in there is fairly clean from a competitive standpoint between fourth and first and so I'd use that as your figure of (merit) [ph] to trying to figure where we go in 2014.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thanks Ross. That was helpful clarification. And we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next caller is Doug Friedman with RBC Capital.
Doug Friedman - RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thanks for taking my--
Dave Pahl: Hi Doug.
Doug Friedman - RBC Capital Markets: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a real strong results here. If I could Kevin maybe attack really high level one. You guys have been in the past very acquisitive so much so that you really rebuild your whole business model through acquisitions. Can you maybe talk about your appetite to maybe add some debt onto your already leveraged balance sheet? And what it would take for you to look at another significant deal?
Kevin March: Okay, Doug it's not like may be there's two ideas in your question, one on M&A, one on debt. Clearly, on the M&A front, as you point out, we have been quite willing to take on M&A activities when it makes sense and our definition of what makes sense firstly has to be a strategic fit meaning that it really has to make sense for why we want to take the company. As we look at potential M&A in the future, it's most likely to be biased towards analog and probably towards items with catalog parts, service the industrial or automotive spaces. There may be others, but those are the most likely areas that we would look at. If it turns out that it checks off that strategic fit standpoint and of course, we'll have to take a look at the numbers and make sure that the price that we would pay met -- what I mean by that is not necessarily what its market cap is but the market we probably have to pay on top of that, that that total cost would be accretive to our lack or way the average cost of capital in the two to four year timeframe. So, there's the several test that we go through and we will make a termination on acquisition. As it relates to debt, as you know we have taken on debt to support acquisitions in the past. We think having the balance sheet available to support those kinds of strategic initiatives are important and a worthwhile thing for us to maintain for maximum flexibility as we move forward and so as we look out in time and even look at the last couple of years, while we have been issuing new debt, we've also been retiring older debt and retiring a little bit faster than what we've been issuing so that we're taking our whole debt levels down that's having the result of generally slowly opening the balance sheet back up to make itself available for any other opportunity that might present itself at some point in the future. So, that's how we're looking at M&A and that's how debt kind of roles inside that book.
Doug Friedman - RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thanks for all that color.
Dave Pahl: Do you have a follow-up?
Doug Friedman - RBC Capital Markets: Yeah, I guess if I could, can you guys pretty much along the same ideas on the balance sheet and how you look at cash return, I might have missed it did you happen to give out the share price at which you bought back shares this quarter? And would you moderate going forward given the share price pullback that we just saw, how we should think about share count going forward?
Kevin March: Let's see, we bought back $670 million worth of shares this quarter, total of 14.1 million shares, so that's an average price of about $47.62. I would point out that over the last -- since the end of 2004 beginning 2005, we reduced our total share count by 39% that the average price of those shares that we bought over that time, I believe were about $30.62 give or take. When we look to buy back shares as we talked about in the past when the intrinsic value we believe was higher than what the market value is, then it makes sense to buyback on a steady, if you will, dollar across averaging kind of basis, that's what we've done for many years and that's what you've seen us do here recently. In fact, the recent pullback in price is just allowing us to buyback a few more shares with the same number of dollars. So, that's kind of a round the world look at share repurchase if you will. That answers your question on that Doug?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Thank you, Doug. And we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Following Doug, we have Will Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein - SunTrust Humphrey Robinson: Great. Thank you for squeezing me in. I'm hoping you can quantify a comment that you made earlier about the portion of sales on 300 millimeter today and that could increase over time. Kevin could you talk a little bit about where that number is now and where you'd see going over the next couple of years?
Kevin March: Yes, Will, I think we're going to try to just hold back and say it is proportionally more than it has -- each period that goes by is proportionally more, but I think that we'll hold at a little while longer till we can get a more comprehensive look and better understanding for everybody on how to think about that 300 going forward. I just do think that it's -- again the highest level its a fairly straightforward competition. 30% lower dye cost which means about 50% lower total -- total IC cost. And as we get proportionally more revenue going on there that will just incrementally benefit our margins on our cash flows as we go forward in time. That is something that I've become aware of and talking to investors the last couple of quarters that is underappreciated and what's going on inside the portfolio itself.
William Stein - SunTrust Humphrey Robinson: That's helpful. Appreciate it. And as my follow-up, another comment that was made earlier was about I think the relative strength of analog versus the embedded segment this quarter and I think there was a comment about end markets, the end market mix helping, I am wondering if you could quantify that? Maybe help us understand of the better. I know analog is very diversified relative to embedded, but maybe talk about if they were maybe some end markets that were a bit more challenging that effectively embedded segment a bit more?
Dave Pahl: Yes, I think if you look at embedded, it will have a high exposure to really three different markets. Its communications, equipment, industrial and automotive and like you said our analog business has a much broader exposure including exposure to personal electronics. It has obviously good exposure to industrial and automotive as well, but it's really those types of differences that will explain that performance. If you look at embedded processing and you look back at the growth rates between the two businesses, you'll note that often times they will grow at different rates. But if you look over that eight quarter period that embedded processing has been growing year-over-year, the growth rate for both of those businesses are essentially -- exactly the same, so kind of works out that way over a longer period of time. So, thank you Will, and we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: The next question comes from Tore Svanberg.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, good afternoon Dave and Kevin. My first question is on sort of the general environment, Q4 is obviously a seasonally down quarter anyway, it's hard to get a read on what's going on. But as we sort of -- or as you talk to your customers and we compare now let's say versus 12 months ago, would you classify the forecast in the environment as a better, weaker or about the same?
Kevin March: Tory I guess I probably say that it's about the same. I wouldn't classify it is better or weaker, I said it about the same in that -- again we have had the same lead-times for several years and customers are ordering consistent with that generally speaking. You get some of expert from time-to-time because they've under-ordered or have a surprise on their but that was true a year ago and it's probably true today. And we continue to see customers manage their inventories of our products as they have early as was mentioned earlier and the distribution channel, we're at all-time lows a 4.5 weeks of inventory that's same last quarter and this quarter that's very low. From a customer standpoint, we see them again ordering lead-time and consistent ordering patterns so that tells us they are order -- they are keeping their inventories very low. So, I think overall I probably characterize it as relatively the same kind of customer demeanor today as what we saw a year ago.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, thanks Kevin, that's very helpful. My follow-up question Dave, if I have one.
Dave Pahl: Sure. Please.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes. So, your annual growth 10% year-over-year is that the goal internally to continue to grow the analog business 10% every year or was there anything unusual here the last 12 months that kept that growth rate so high?
Dave Pahl: Well, I would say that internally we have very aggressive goals to grow the businesses and I just describe that as we want to outgrow the market significantly in analog, so we have got all the business units that are focused up on that. We do look at the performance of the product lines every quarter and we really look at a three-year compounded annual growth rate and stack that up against all the other businesses both inside of TI as well as competitors externally and that's how we measure it. So, again as I've said earlier a 10% we believe would represent some share gain, but it would be real cautious to look at anyone quarter and draw the conclusion or try to dice out what percentage of that growth would be from share gains. So, okay thank you Tory and well -- operator, I think we've got time for one more caller.
Operator: Yes sir. And we have CJ Muse with ISI Group.
CJ Muse - ISI Group: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question it's a point of clarification on the OpEx outlook for Q4 down $15 million, is that all restructuring and then there's gravy on top of that in terms of seasonal savings or is that $15 million include the seasonal savings?
Kevin March: CJ, the thing here to do is take a look at year ago third quarter, fourth quarter there was a seasonal decrease. On top of that will be another $15 million as the last rest of the EP restructuring is completed.
CJ Muse - ISI Group: Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess second question, I was hoping you could talk about inventories downstream. Clearly relatively healthy on your books, but would love to hear what your thoughts are in terms of -- in particular at the [disty] level?
Dave Pahl: Yes. Our inventories really from a day standpoint have remained unchanged at what I would just describe historically low levels, just a little over four and a half weeks. Again, that number is low because of the consignment programs that we have put in place. Beyond our distributors and into our customers, we do have a good percentage of our revenues on consignment overall and in fact, if you combine what we shipped through distribution as well as what we ship to OEMs on consignment that represents about 50% or about half of our revenues where we actually there is no inventory sitting in front of us and that manufacturing line for those inventories. So, we know that inventory number and it is zero. So, we have very good visibility into that portion and we do have a balance of the business that's kind of the classic -- I'll describe it as book ship type business where they give us an order and goes on to a backlog and we ship it at lead-time. So, -- and there we haven't seen any reports of large inventory pockets from customers, we're going through and racking up this quarter's results and we will see what happens on that front but we're not aware of any big pockets that are downstream. So, okay well thank you very much CJ for your question. Thank you all for joining us today and a replay of this call will be available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's conference. We appreciate everyone's participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-22 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker  VP, Outgoing IR Director Dave Pahl  VP, Incoming IR Director Kevin March  SVP, CFO
Analysts: John Pitzer  Credit Suisse Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein Blayne Curtis  Barclays Doug Friedman  RBC Capital Markets Joe Moore  Morgan Stanley Ambrish Srivastava  BMO Capital Markets Christopher Rolland  FBR Capital Markets Vivek Arya  Bank of America CJ Muse  ISI Group David Wong  Wells Fargo William Stein  Suntrust Humphrey Robinson Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Tore Svanberg  Stifel Nicolaus Srini Pajjuri  CLSA Research Ian Ing  MKM Partners Chris Caso  Susquehanna Financial Group Timothy Arcuri  Cowen & Co.
Operator: Please stand by. Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin Marks, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. In addition, Dave Pahl has joined us. As many of you know, I will retire in August and Dave will replace me as Head of Investor Relations. Dave has worked at TI for 25 years and has worked directly with me Investor Relations for 10 years. With that consideration, you probably should allow him some time to come up to speed. Dave has also been recently elected by TI's Board to the position of Company Vice President. Dave will moderate today's call. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Ron. It's good to join you today for the call. And now down to business. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and any relevant non-GAAP reconciliation on our website at TI.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and could be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor Statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for more complete description. The second quarter was another solid quarter. Our core businesses of analog and embedded processing grew strongly with combined revenue up 14% from a year ago. We continue to benefit from our investments in industrial and automotive as these important markets continue to grow as a percentage of our revenue. Revenue of $3.29 billion came in slightly higher than the middle of the expected range we communicated to you in April. Earnings per share of $0.62 were near the top of our expected range as profitability was stronger in the quarter. Free cash flow of $3.2 billion or 25% of revenue for the trailing 12-month period was right in line with the 20% to 30% range in which we expect to operate over time. Also over the past 12 months we returned $4.2 billion of cash to investors through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. As a reminder, our model for cash returns to shareholders is to return all of our free cash flow less the net debt amount that is retired, plus any proceeds we received from exercises of equity compensation. This model demonstrates our confidence in TI'x business and our commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders. In the second quarter TI revenue grew 8% from a year ago, with double-digit growth in both analog and embedded processing. Analog revenue grew 14% from a year ago, primarily driven by power management. High-performance analog, high-volume analog and logic and Silicon Valley analog also grew. Embedded processing revenue grew 14% from a year ago, primarily due to processors and micro-controllers, both of which grew about the same amount. Connectivity grew at a faster rate, although it was coming from a much smaller base. Embedded processing delivered its seventh quarter in a row of year-over-year growth as our investments over the past few years in strategic areas are yielding favorable results. In our other segment, revenue declined $90 million or 13% from a year ago due to legacy wireless which is essentially gone. Turning to distribution, resales increased 15% from a year ago while distributors' inventories were about even. Weeks of inventories fell by several days to just over 4-1/2 weeks. This reduction was driven by a higher percentage of resales being supported by TI's consignment inventory programs. From an end-market perspective, most growth from the year-ago came in communications equipment, followed by automotive and industrial. Enterprise Systems was also up while revenue in personal electronics declined due to mobile phones and tablets, areas that use legacy wireless products from TI. Now, Kevin will review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $1.88 billion or 57.1% of revenue. Gross profit increased 20% from the year-ago quarter and gross margin hit another new record. When compared with the previous record in the third quarter of 2013, revenue was $48 million higher and gross profit was $102 million. This reflects an improved product portfolio focus on analog and embedded processing, as well as increased efficiency in our manufacturing operations. Moving to operating expenses, combined R&D and SG&A expense of $821 million was down $39 million from a year ago. The decline primarily reflects the reductions in legacy wireless as well as continued cost discipline across TI. Acquisition charges were $82 million, almost all of which were the ongoing amortization of intangibles, a non-cash expense. Restructuring and other charges were a $4 million benefit. As a reminder, the year-ago quarter included a gain of $315 million associated with the transfer of wireless connectivity technology to a customer. Operating profit was $982 million or 29.8% of revenue. Operating profit was up 8% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the second quarter was $683 million or $0.62 per share. Let me comment on our capital management, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations were $775 million in the quarter. Inventory days were 111, consistent with our model of 105 million to 115 days. Capital expenditures were $80 million in the quarter. On a trailing 12 months basis, cash flow from operations was $3.59 billion, up 8% from the same period a year ago. Trailing 12 months capital expenditures were $388 million or 3% of revenue, even lower than our long-term expectation of 4%. Although we've been able to keep capital expenditures at this low level, we continue to invest to expand both our capabilities and our capacity. As examples, capital expenditures in the second quarter included the cost to prepare the site and install the first tools into our new assembly and test facility in Chengdu, China. We completed manufacturing our first units there for qualification purposes. In addition, we brought on additional tools to expand capacity in our 300 millimeter facility in Richardson, Texas. We were able to make these investments and keep our capital spending at low levels because of our strategy to invest in capacity opportunistically and ahead of demand. Free cash flow for the past 12 months was $3.20 billion or 25% of revenue, in the middle of our expected 20% to 30% range. Free cash flow was 10% higher than a year ago. Depreciation expense for the past 12 months was $856 million. Depreciation exceeded our capital expenditures by $468 million or 3.7% of revenue. We continue to expect the whole capital spending at low levels or at about 4% of revenue. As a result, the depreciation will decline to the rate of capital spending and our gross margins will directly benefit. As we said, we believe strong cash flow growth, particularly free cash flow growth, is most important to maximize shareholder value in the long term and will be valued only if it's returned to shareholders or productively reinvested in the business. To that end, in the second quarter, TI paid $323 million in dividends and repurchased $743 million of our stock for a total return of $1.07 billion. The shareholder return part of our capital management strategy is to return all of our free cash flow minus debt retirement plus any proceeds that we receive from exercises of equity compensation. Total cash return in the past 12 months was $4.2 billion, which was 18% higher than a year ago. Dividends were up 32% and stock repurchases were up 13%. Fundamental to our cash return strategy are our cash management and tax practices. We ended the second quarter with $2.80 billion of cash and short-term investments, down from $4.03 billion at the beginning of the quarter. The decline mostly reflects the use of $1 billion to retire debt in the quarter. TI's U.S. entities own 82% of our cash. Because our cash is largely onshore, it is readily available for a variety of uses, including paying dividends and repurchasing our stock. TI orders in the quarter were $3.33 billion, up 7% from a year ago, and our book-to-bill ratio was 1.01, which would have been higher but was impacted by the conversion of consignment of some products that are sold through distribution. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.31 billion to $3.59 billion in the third quarter. At the middle of this range, revenue would increase 6% from the year ago. If you exclude the $57 million of legacy wireless revenue from the year-ago quarter, revenue would increase 8%. We expect third quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.66 to $0.76. Restructuring charges will continue to be essentially nil. Acquisition charges, which are non-cash amortization charges, will remain about even and hold at this level for the next five years. Our expectation for our effective tax rate in 2014 remains about 28%. This is the tax rate you should use for the third quarter. In summary, the second quarter demonstrates the strength of TI's business model, focused on analog and embedded processing which we believe are the best opportunities inside of the semiconductor market. We continue to invest in areas that offer sustainable growth, solid profitability and good cash flow from operations. The percentage of our business from industrial and automotive markets continues to grow as customers increasingly embrace technology that makes end-products smarter and more connected. At the same time, we continue to invest in our manufacturing capabilities, and our strategy to opportunistically acquire manufacturing assets means that we can deliver strong free cash flows. We continue to demonstrate, as we did again in the second quarter, our commitment to provide strong returns to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions --
Operator: Thank you.
Dave Pahl: -- in order to provide as many people as possible the opportunity to ask a question, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Go ahead, Renee [ph].
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll now take the first question from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: Yes, good afternoon guys. Congratulations on the strong results. Kevin, I guess my first question is on OpEx. I think for the June quarter, going into June, you kind of guided OpEx would be flattish Q-on-Q, and you did better than that. I'm kind of curious, is that a pull-in of the $130 million of annualized savings you expected from the restructuring or is that just a bigger number than 130? And how do we think about OpEx trending in September, in the back half of the year?
Kevin March: Yeah, John, you're right, the OpEx we had expected to be roughly even from first quarter and the second quarter, and that came in a bit lower than we had expected. And part of that was some pull-in with the restructuring actions that we announced in the first quarter for both embedded processing and resizing of our operation in Japan, and part of it was just continued discipline on the part of all the business units in TI when it came to spending. As you look into 3Q, we continue to expect the second half to be the primary benefit of the cost savings that we talked about for those restructuring action. Recall [ph] that we expect about $130 million of annualized savings, with about 85% of that in OpEx and the balance in cost of revenue. So as we go into third quarter, we'll see probably about half of that amount come in to our results in OpEx, with the balance in fourth quarter. So by the time we leave the year, we should be at an annualized $130 million cost savings from that action.
Dave Pahl: You have a follow-up, John?
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: Yeah, that's helpful, Kevin. As a follow-up, I know this is somewhat of an unfair question, but if you look at the proceeds from equity compensation. Last year it was almost about a third of the cash returns to investors. I know that's been a volatile number and probably a number that's impossible to predict. But I'm kind of curious, how should you think we should think about that number going forward from here? How do we try to model that number in the future?
Kevin March: John, we talked in -- during the update to our capital management strategy that going forward we would expect the proceeds from stock option exercises to reduce considerably. We saw, gosh, I think it was probably two to three times our normal rate stock option exercises and cash proceeds, in 2013 than we'd seen in prior years. So we'd talked about that going forward that would probably come back down to a more normalized level. And I would suspect that, you know, what we saw last quarter, what we saw this quarter, probably is more reflective of what you should model going forward, figure about, you know, I think we saw about 4% or 5% of stock options exercised last year, and that'll probably drop back down to 1.5%, 2% kind of level.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, John. Next caller please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: Great guys. Thanks so much for taking the question, I appreciate it. You know, could you just give us some perspective on kind of the broader cyclical environment? Would you say there's anything at all going on other than normal, and maybe break that down by sub-category a little bit? And I'll leave that as both questions and pass from there. Thanks.
Dave Pahl: Okay, Jim. I think that, you know, we don't have any unique insight into what's going on from a cyclical standpoint. I think that the quarter that we just delivered, you know, we feel good about. If you look at the middle of our range into third quarter, 8% if you're excluding legacy wireless, is another good quarter on a year-on-year basis. If you look at a lot of the signals that one would pay attention to, such as inventory inside of the channel, we took several days out of inventory in the quarter as we had a higher percentage of revenue supported by our consignment programs inside of distribution. And if you look at cancellations, they continue to remain at very, very low levels. We think inventory at customers remains in check as well. So -- and then if you look at our lead times, they continue to remain stable. We'll always have some pockets where they may move out temporarily. But with our capacity and the position of our inventory, we feel really good to be able to continue to support that. So you have a follow-up question?
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: The sub, the verticals, any differences by vertical?
Dave Pahl: No. I think that from a year-on-year standpoint we had, if you look at industrial, we had growth in nearly all the sectors, so, very broad-based from that standpoint, led by areas like factory automation. Automotive we had double-digit growth, and all of our sectors led by ADAS or Advanced Driver Systems. Personal electronics was down, but it would have been up had it not been for legacy wireless. Our enterprise systems we saw growth, driven by projectors and servers. And coms equipment was up due to wireless infrastructure. So, really broad-based growth on that stand. Okay, thanks. We'll go to the next caller.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I want to dig in to your, I guess, your margin trajectory. Your incremental operating margins for analog and embedded processing both exceeded 100% sequentially in the quarter. Your analog business also has about 100% incremental operating margins year over year. I guess the strong performance, particularly in analog, surprises me a little bit. I thought most of the cut you did were in embedded processing. So I wonder if you could give us some sort of view on what's driving that strong incremental margin, how much of that is sort of gross margin expansion within the businesses versus OpEx. And what do you sort of see as sort of sustainable levels of incremental operating margin going forward as the revenues in the businesses continue to grow?
Kevin March: Yes, Stacy, the fall-through was very good both on a quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year basis, certainly at the company level and at the segment levels. The -- I'd mentioned I guess on the first call from John that, from an OpEx standpoint, spending remains disciplined across the company. So while the restructuring action that you referred to will disproportionately benefit embedded processing versus other areas of the company, some of that will also -- some of that restructuring will benefit other areas of the company as well. For example, we mentioned resizing our sales team in Japan. And that, not just the sales team in support of embedded processing but also those in support of some of the other business units. So you get a little bit of benefit there. But then really you got just disciplined spending across the company, as frankly people are spending only what they need to support the growth of the business. On a go-forward basis, again we expect OpEx to be down a little bit sequentially, primarily for the benefit of embedded processing. That'll be true for both the third and fourth quarter. Beyond that, I don't know if that gives you any more specific forecast on OpEx other than, by the time we reach the end of the year, we will enter next year with OpEx about, total cost savings from the restructuring, about $130 million, about 85% of that coming off OpEx.
Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein: Got it. That's helpful. Yeah. For my follow-on, I want to dig in to gross margin just a little bit. So if I take that, you know, half of the $130 million kind of hitting you or 85% hitting you by next quarter, it sounds to me like you're guiding OpEx down about 2%, which would give me an implied gross margin guidance at the corporate level, call it into the upper 57%, so, you know, up maybe 500 basis points, maybe a little more, off from Q2. So can you give us just some view of what's driving that gross margin expansion? Is this just further efficiencies, manufacturing efficiencies, is this just depreciation coming down? Is this something also to do with mix or pricing, or just overall revenue leverage as revenues grow?
Kevin March: You know, I think it's a little bit of all of that, to be quite frank, Stacy. The -- if you take a look at, as we go forward on gross margin, you know, there's multiple drivers inside the portfolio, not the least of which is being able to load or fill up our very cost-effective factories. We also get improved product mix, especially as we see industrial and automotive becoming a larger portion of our total revenue mix. And finally, we get the benefit from depreciation as it begins to roll off, being that the CapEx is running substantially below depreciation now for quite some time. Again just to remind, the depreciation was about 7% of revenue over the last 12 months and CapEx is expected to around 4%. So, you know, we get some closure that will start happening over the next couple of years. Depreciation this year is expected to be down a bit versus last year, but it'll start to climb more rapidly next year. So you got a number of different things going on, not just next quarter, that will move gross margins up again, as you indicated, but should also continue to benefit us as we look out into the balance of the year and going into 2015.
Dave Pahl: Great. Thank you, Stacy. Operator, we can go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go to Blayne Curtis with Barclays next.
Blayne Curtis  Barclays: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Wondering what utilization was in the quarter and where you expect that to go. And then the second part of my question, as you look into December, typically seasonally softer period, things seem fairly normal. I was wondering your thoughts on just seasonality into December.
Kevin March: I'll mention -- I'll talk to utilization and Dave will talk to seasonality there. But, you know, Blayne, we look at utilization 2Q to 3Q, we don't expect that to really change all that much, as we, you know, have our wafer starts not too far off from what we saw in the first quarter and what we -- excuse me, the second quarter, and what we saw in the second quarter will come out of the factory in the third quarter. So overall utilization, unlikely to change all that much as we look into the near term.
Dave Pahl: And from a seasonality standpoint, Blayne, essentially we're going to let you determine what you believe seasonality is. And just a few things to consider as you go through that, obviously calculator revenue is usually strongest in second quarter and third quarter with the back-to-school buying period, and you saw that in our results this quarter. And our semiconductor growth is typically relatively stronger in the second and third quarters compared with the first and fourth. So, outside of that, we don't put much credence on a specific sequential growth number just because the numbers around that have been so unpredictable, and we're just going to step back from trying to provide any appearance of doing that on it, because it'll appear that we're endorsing one number over another, so. You have a follow-on, Blayne?
Blayne Curtis  Barclays: Just wondering, maybe in the September quarter, a similar question, whether outside of calculators there's any areas of particular strength or weakness. You had mentioned com had been a strong point. Is that sustaining? And then it seems like autos as well have held in there better, usually seasonally weaker second half, but seems strong. Any comments there?
Dave Pahl: Sure, yeah. Other than the top-line [[ph] guidance, we don't really get into strength or weakness by sector. If there's something very unusual going on, like with our legacy wireless, of course we've given visibility into those types of things in the past. So with that, we'll move to the next caller.
Operator: Thank you. We'll move to Doug Friedman with RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Friedman  RBC Capital Markets: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. And before I begin my question, Ron, it's been great working with you, and best of luck in retirement, before forgetting to say that. So going into the numbers, if you could talk a little bit maybe about your strategy to maybe increase free cash flow. When we look at sort of what's going on with your balance sheet, you're getting pretty close to getting a debt level that might be good to carry that debt and stop retiring it or maybe just start rolling it forward. Can you maybe talk a little bit, Kevin, about your strategy there?
Kevin March: Well, the strategy is less about debt and more about the actual product portfolio and the markets we're going after, Doug. It's really about being sure that we're thoughtful on how we spend our research and development dollars, and we spend them on products that we expect to have very long revenue life streams off of them. And then in correlation with that is to continue to be opportunistic and to expand our manufacturing capacity at times when you may least expect us to do that, because we can get it for costs that are very low. Those are our two biggest levers for expanding cash flow. As it relates to debt going forward, as you observed, we just paid off in debt of $500 million this year. We raised $500 million in the first quarter and repaid $1 billion in the second quarter, so a net reduction of $500 million. We still have on the balance sheet total debt of about $4.625 billion, and those actually have lives that extend all the way out to 2023. So I don't see balance vanishing from -- debt vanishing from our balance sheet anytime soon. On a go-forward basis, of course our buyback, I think that was one of the things you were asking about on the free cash flow, is really a function of what our calculation of net present value of the company is. And so long as we see that the intrinsic value of the company exceeds the market value, we'll continue to be buyers of the stock.
Doug Friedman  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And --
Dave Pahl: Doug, you have a follow-up?
Doug Friedman  RBC Capital Markets: Yeah. What role will M&A possibly play, and when do you think is there an opportunity to reenter the M&A markets? You guys really have not been active since the National Semi deal has closed.
Kevin March: You know, when it comes to M&A, again it's about product strategy. Our bias is likely to be to find an opportunity that would be attractive to us. Our bias would probably be in the analog space as opposed to embedded processing. And frankly, aside from the technology that we acquire and the product opportunity that we acquire, being attractive, meaning long revenue streams, it would also have to work for us mathematically, meaning that the price at which we could acquire it would have to be such that we could get a return on our invested capital inside of three to four-year period. And we're pretty disciplined about that. Some of the opportunities that some have speculated on here in recent months are such, if we do the math, it's very difficult to overcome that hurdle of making sure its ROIs be accretive. And we think that's very important if we're going to actually generate excess cash flow and free cash flow off of any acquisition in the future.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Doug. Operator, next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore  Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk around the strengths that you alluded to in communications equipment in Q2. Is that macro base stations or is there some other element of that?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. The majority of that is -- would be macro base stations. If you look at investments that we're making longer term, that will include small cell, but we really don't have measurable revenue on products like that at this point.
Joe Moore  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. And as part of the embedded restructuring that you had done, it sounded you were pulling back on some of the investing in that category. Does that your trajectory at all or does that mean you'll participate less in base stations over time?
Dave Pahl: No. I think if you look at those investments and those product cycles, they tend to have -- they tend to be very long in nature. So the areas that we've pulled back tend to be areas that we now believe are either mature or in the process of maturing, and yet we continue to invest in areas that will drive growth in the future as much as small cells, as I indicated before, so. Thank you, Joe. And we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll move to Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava  BMO Capital Markets: Hi, thank you. A question on CapEx, Kevin. Your capital intensity has been fairly below the 4% that you had said that you would be. What should we be modeling for the remainder of the year? And more importantly, what would cause it to move and check [ph] upwards?
Kevin March: Yeah, Ambrish, you know, again I think for purposes of your models, I would just assume about a 4% of revenue kind of planning. It's going to get you pretty close to probably the right answer over time. In any one quarter I'm sure it's going to be off, but it will be okay for -- on a rough annual period. Anything that might cause us to go above that could possibly be if we had a sudden opportunity present itself, we could add capacity at a significant cost savings. We wouldn't let than 4% artificially restrain us from taking advantage of very inexpensive manufacturing capacity which would benefit our future free cash flow. But right now I don't see that on the horizon, so again for your model I'd probably just use 4%.
Ambrish Srivastava  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And my quick follow-up, Dave, you mentioned that consignment as a percent of sales has changed. What has it gone back up? And I think I remember it used to be in the mid-40s before?
Dave Pahl: Yeah. If you look overall, our consignment as a percent of revenue has moved up a little bit from about 45% to about 50%. If you look inside of our distribution channel, so about 55% of our revenues are -- go through distribution and about 55% of those revenues are supported by consignment. So that's really the part that's beginning to drive that higher and our inventories that's owned by distributors lower. So, thanks, Ambrish, and we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Christopher Rolland with FBR Capital Markets.
Christopher Rolland  FBR Capital Markets: Hey guys. So your extra capacity, you know, at the bottom of the cycle may have been a bit of a burden but can be very valuable as the cycle heats up here. So do you think we're at the point in the cycle where you guys are benefiting from that extra capacity either front-end or backend? Do you think that some of your competitors might have a lack of capacity there, might be switching to your products?
Kevin March: Christopher, clearly we've had this strategy in place now for a number of years where we're acquiring as inexpensively as we can manage to in advance of our needs. The most recent example was the acquisition of an assembly test operation in Chengdu, China that I commented on in the call that we're now bringing online. And so that has certainly been a benefit to us, to allow us to have very stable lead times on behalf of our customers, and to be able to meet any short-term spikes or inside lead time requests that customers had had. You know, broadly speaking, across the industry, it does break [ph] us that many people perhaps have chosen not to invest in as much capacity as they might have in the past. It's unclear to us just what that may mean going forward. But at least from our standpoint for our customers, they can have confidence that we have ample capacity to meet their need.
Dave Pahl: Yeah, and Chris, I'll add also, you know, we've taken other actions that utilize that capacity different points of demand. And so one thing that we've done, and you can see it on the balance sheet, is that in periods of weaker demand we'll actually build finished good inventory as well as aging wafers to support future demand on low-volume products. And so it may take 20 minutes, 30 minutes to set up a piece of assembly test equipment, and you may run only 10,000 units on that part, and it may take up a half-hour or an hour. It doesn't take much longer to build either, you know, six months of demand or a full year of demand or a year-and-a-half of demand, and put that on the shelves. So when demand actually gets stronger, we've got the capacity open and available to support that stronger demand. So we feel good to be able to support really any demand environment that we see in the future. You have a follow-on, Chris?
Christopher Rolland  FBR Capital Markets: Sure. The other segment, it was above the Street, also above seasonality. Is that just calculators or is there something else there?
Kevin March: Yeah, that's really just calculators, just seasonally strong in the second and third quarter for the back-to-school selling season, and then is typically weaker in the fourth and first quarter as kids are already in school and have their calculators.
Dave Pahl: Thank you, Chris. Now we'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya  Bank of America: Thanks for taking my question. And good luck to both Dave and to Ron. For my first question, I'm curious, what are under-utilization charges running at right now? And at what level of utilization can they go to zero?
Kevin March: Yeah, Vivek, they were about $56 million last quarter, down from the prior quarter which was about $105 million. And that's a bit of a theoretical question as to, you know, what revenue it would take to get to zero. Clearly the mix of products flowing across the various manufacturing flows are going to have a direct bearing on that. So if we had much higher demand but it was on a flow where we didn't have a lot of excess capacity, it wouldn't help much on the under-utilization. So our job on that is to make sure that all of our flows maintain open capacity. And I'll remind everybody again that the under-utilization, we don't let that distract us. It's an accounting adjustment that affects -- nothing happens to free cash flow. We are completely focused on free cash flow as the way to return value to our shareholders.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. And Vivek, I'll also mention that that charge is -- less than half of it is actual cash, so -- or about half of it is non-cash. So, really doesn't impact our free cash flow by having that open capacity. Do you have a follow-up?
Vivek Arya  Bank of America: Yeah. So I guess that means open capacity you have is more source of keeping CapEx low and free cash flow rather than being a big source of expanding gross margins. But maybe on to my second question, on the demand environment, can you give us a sense, I think you mentioned end-markets, but what about the geographies, are there certain geos that are better or worse than what you thought two months ago? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Okay. So let me follow up on the last one, just to make a clarifying point. So as Kevin talked about, there are certain factories that, you know, and you've seen some competitors, some of the manufacturers in Taiwan run above 100% capacity. So, you know, when we've got factories or flows that run above 100% or above the theoretical level that we've got from utilization standpoint, we'll continue to get a benefit, and we still may have an under-utilization charge. So, don't think that that -- all you have left is revenue growth, that small number that's an under-utilization charge. So, just wanted to make that clear. So from a regional standpoint, year over year, Vivek, we saw Asia, Europe and Japan were up. The U.S. was -- it was roughly even from a year-ago standpoint. So with that, we'll get to the next caller.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from CJ Muse with ISI Group.
CJ Muse  ISI Group: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, once OpEx normalizes in calendar '2014, how should we think about growth in OpEx relative to top line into 2015 and beyond?
Kevin March: Well, CJ, that's a long way planning you're doing there for a semiconductor analyst. You know, from an OpEx standpoint, I think that it will probably grow at least with the change in paying benefits that you'd expect on a year-over-year basis, so you'd certainly start there. And then to the extent that we see additional opportunities that we may want to invest in from an R&D standpoint or additional sales opportunities we may want to expand, it may go a bit beyond that. But typically you're going to see -- I think last year, paying benefits increased, average, around 3%, maybe 4%, depending upon the average from around the world. So that's what I'd probably use for planning.
CJ Muse  ISI Group: Okay, helpful. And I guess as a follow-up, question on the cycle. It looks like your guide for Q3 year over year is slowing a bit, and would love to hear your thoughts on where we are here. Will we -- rebuilding inventory downstream and now we're normalizing and now attracting more with GDP and/or, you know, are there any signs of re-acceleration in GDP or in demand in any point geographically or product life, et cetera?
Dave Pahl: Yes. CJ, I think, you know, on that front, we really don't spend a lot of time looking at the cycle, and our strongest indicator demand of course is the view that we get from orders and the forecast that we get from our consignment customers as they'll give us forecast. This forecast of course can change. And, you know, we just turned in a good growth year on year. If you look at the year-on-year growth, that's 6%, 8% without legacy wireless, continues to be -- continues to be strong, at the midpoint of the guidance range, yes. And so, you know, that's what -- that we believe all those indicators are showing us. As I talked about before, things like, you know, we're building demand in the channel or downstream, it actually took inventory out of the channel as more of our distributors moved to consignment, and as the products that were on consignment actually grew faster than the other products. So we really, you know, for a little over four-and-a-half weeks of inventory that's in the channel, we consider that to be lean, but probably will be running in what is the more of a new normal range. So those changes in inventory downstream because of the consignments that we've got are going to have less of an impact on our revenues as what they've had in the past. So with that, we can go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll move to David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David Wong  Wells Fargo: Thank you very much. Could you give us some idea of how your policy of returning the bulk of your cash to shareholders affects future acquisition policy? Do you have expectation, your acquisition activity will be relatively low or that you'll be working primarily in stock purchases?
Kevin March: Yeah. David, I think the way to think about it, it relates - it kind of goes back a bit to a question that was asked earlier about, I believe by Doug, on debt on the balance sheet, from an acquisition standpoint, again, we'll look at first the strategic bit, make sure it makes sense, and then second, to make sure the numbers actually work on the return on the invested capital that we put into it. Beyond that, the way we'd pay for it is probably very similar to what we did this last time, when we bought National Semiconductor, we used some cash on hand but we actually released the strength of the balance sheet and went out to the bond market and issued quite a bit of debt which supported that acquisition. As we slowly retire debt as we had been and continue to over the next foreseeable future, that just opens the balance sheet back up and makes it available again to take on debt if there's an attractive ROIC accretive acquisition out there. So that's where I would -- that's how I would think about the strategy going forward. I don't see any of our cash management strategy having any interference whatsoever with our ability to continue to acquire when it makes sense.
David Wong  Wells Fargo: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from William Stein with Suntrust.
William Stein  Suntrust Humphrey Robinson: Great. Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on the good quarter and guide. I'm hoping you might comment on the margin progression in the embedded segment. It seems to -- progressed a bit better and it looks to us as though perhaps the restructuring benefits that you're targeting are coming in a bit earlier than you previously expected.
Kevin March: Yeah. You're exactly right on that. They have started to come in a bit earlier than we planned, but we still have a long way to go. We will see additional benefit as we move in the second and third quarter, as we talked about -- excuse me, third and fourth quarters as we talked about earlier, as we see more of the costs begin to come out of there. But frankly while that's certainly helpful in moving the profit performance of that segment forward, it is not going to be done when that's over with. There's a lot more work to be done there, and work is really on the revenue growth side. The operating profit clearly is below what we think the potential for that segment is, and that management team is very focused on driving results to get that profit up to where it should be. And really after the restructuring actions are complete by the end of this year, it's really going to be all about revenue growth. It actually has been a lot about revenue growth as evidenced by the fact that that business has successfully grown for seven quarters in a row on a year-over-year basis, and we expect to see more of that as we go forward. So that business can grow its way into cost structure [indiscernible] --
William Stein  Suntrust Humphrey Robinson: That's helpful. If I can follow up just a bit in that. I think there's one area of that business where you're kind of under-hitting relative to your weight in the industry, and that's micro-controllers. I know that you've invested in this area in the last year or two. I'm wondering if you can talk about, you know, the strategy in terms of products, end-markets, features that might lead to accelerating share gain in that category.
Dave Pahl: Yeah, maybe I'll make a comment, and if you'd like to add in, Kevin. Yeah. Well, as you know, that's an area that we decided to step up investments going back several years ago now, back 2010, 2011, in that period. And the expansion of investments included both development teams to produce more products and begin to broaden the portfolio. And second is in application support, basically supporting customers and design-ins. So we feel really good about the progress that we've got. We have several years that we have gained share inside of micro-controllers. I think that we still -- I think some industry analysts will have us at like a number six position inside of the market. So we've got plenty of room to go. And those are the types of markets that take a while to begin to get traction, and somewhat like a flywheel that you keep investing, keep making progress, and that progress begins to snowball. From a product standpoint, we're really building out a broad portfolio. We're focused on catalog products, primarily going into industrial applications. You'll note inside of embedded processing we also have connectivity products. So there we support about a dozen different wireless standards. So we're getting very good traction and you can go to our website today and be able to find reference designs with micro-controllers ranging from $0.25 up to a couple of dollars using all of those different combinations of the connectivity products. So we feel really good about the progress. As I said in the opening remarks, embedded processing has had seven quarters of year-on-year growth, and a big part of that is driven from micro-controllers. Okay, thank you very much, Will. We can go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll move to Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Hi guys. Before my questions, also want to just pass on the congrats to Ron and to Dave on the promotion. Best of luck to both of you. I guess, Kevin, one clarification for -- that I wanted to get from you if I could. What was the starting point off of which that $130 million in savings exiting this year was going to be achieved?
Kevin March: Ross, we announced that action with our first quarter result, and we took -- excuse me, the fourth quarter and first quarter results, as I recall. On our fourth quarter, we took the charge, and first quarter, for embedded processing. So that's the start there. In the second quarter we took the charge for the Japan restructuring. So it's a bit of a mixed start, if you will. So it'd be a little hard to do a direct correlation, but again the math you should be using is $130 million annualized savings by the time we end the year with 85% of it coming out of OpEx.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Great. And I guess as my follow-up, in the past, and I dont know if you guys are going to do this anymore now that you've started to split out the revenues in a different way, but in the past, in the middle of the year you would say what the revenues by end-market did midyear. Is that something that you can give us now?
Dave Pahl: Yeah, Ross, we're really just planning on getting those numbers on an annualized basis, as I answered Jim's question earlier, you know, we'll provide revenue on a quarterly basis, just a color on what's happened in each of the markets. And that's what we've decided to move to. So with that, we can move to our next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg  Stifel Nicolaus: Yes. Thank you, Ron, and best wishes in your retirement. First question, you talked a lot about strength being broad-based, but was there any segments of markets in Q3 that are relatively weak, you know, whether that's seasonal or even secular [ph]?
Dave Pahl: From an end-market standpoint, Tore, the only market that we saw a decline was in personal electronics, and that was -- I'm sorry, was it third quarter or second quarter?
Tore Svanberg  Stifel Nicolaus: Q3 guidance.
Dave Pahl: I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah, again, I somewhat addressed that, that we're really not trying to get into the color by end-market or our product segments or that. We realty just focus on the top-line number overall. Did you have a follow-on, Tore?
Tore Svanberg  Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, that's fair. My follow-up is, did you have a change in your distribution strategy at all in the quarter, or are you planning it? I'm thinking, you know, are you going to go to certain customers more of a direct business or?
Dave Pahl: No. We haven't had any change in the quarter. I can't say that we had changes to our business arrangement with distributors, you know, on a periodic basis over the years. And for example, if we just go back a few years ago as an example, we implemented the consignment program with distribution. So now we've got more than half of our overall revenues supported by distribution. So they're going to continue to be a very important part of our business. We're focused on growing our revenues overall, which will mean growing our revenues with them. As we've invested in catalog products and in industrial markets, we want to work with the distributors to be able to broaden our reach with customers. So we will do things that will optimize both our resources and theirs, but any specifics of details that we've got going on with changes we just won't get into. Okay? With that, well go to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. We're going to take our next question from Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Research.
Srini Pajjuri  CLSA Research: Thank you. Dave, just looking at the end-market breakdown one more time -- I apologize, I know this question has been asked several times. You gave us the year-on-year trends. Can you also talk about sequential trends from Q1 to Q2?
Dave Pahl: Sure, yeah. I think aside from the increase in calculators, communication, and personal electronics actually grew the most, and we did see a benefit in personal electronics, led by a strong quarter in PC and notebooks. We did see industrial, enterprise systems and automotive all contribute to the growth sequentially. So if you look underneath that, and industrial as an example, we had -- we've got over a dozen sectors inside of industrial. So with that we saw areas like factory automation, control, smart grid, motor drives [ph] drive that. In automotive, on a sequential basis, we had growth in all sectors overall, and that was led by ADAS. So those are the things that drove the revenue in the quarter sequentially.
Srini Pajjuri  CLSA Research: Okay, great. Thank you. And then on the connectivity fund [ph], Dave, I think you mentioned you participate in a number of different standards, if I recall correctly, you sold the smartphone business a while back. My question is, is there anything preventing you from participating in the wearables market, if you think about the watches, et cetera?
Dave Pahl: No. In fact, you know, you'll -- I actually wear some of those products to track my steps, and it has quite a bit of TI contact [ph] both from power management standpoint and other analog products, as well as connectivity. So the beauty of having a catalog portfolio is that the incremental cost to engage a customer, the tools and the support are all in place. So we can very readily and very easily support markets like that overall. So thanks, Srini. We'll go to the next caller please.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ian Ing with MKM Partners.
Ian Ing  MKM Partners: Yeah, thanks. Just a clarification on being opportunistic in acquisition of manufacturing assets. Are you -- is it for taking a long view on increasing capacity or are you removing bottlenecks in the manufacturing flow? It looks like Richardson and analog, there's still a lot of headroom here.
Kevin March: Yeah, Ian, it can be a little bit of both. If we see bottlenecks popping up some place and we're able to go ahead and pick up equipment inexpensively, or if we anticipate that a flow is going to become a bigger, more important revenue source in the future, we can go ahead and pick up for that. Or just outright new factories for example, and what's what we did when we bought the assembly test site in Chengdu, China. It was an entire that we had bought in that case. So we'll play -- we'll take advantage whatever opportunity presents itself, especially if the finances are compelling.
Ian Ing  MKM Partners: Great. And this commentary on connectivity growing faster within embedded, I'm assuming, you know, we're talking about internet of things and wearables, sockets [ph] that could attach with micro-controllers and power management, and do you have a sense of IOT [ph] mix, how much of it is more like industrial, military, first responder type of applications with long cycles?
Dave Pahl: Yeah, if you look at our -- the product portfolio, we actually support a dozen or so different wireless technologies, so, whether you need Bluetooth flow energy or WiFi, we've got GPS, we have multiple sub gigahertz standards, including things like ZigBee. So whatever label that you want to put on to that, essentially if things are getting smarter and more connected, we've got a broad range of catalog products in which to show the customers, and we can be fairly agnostic on how to solve their problem and bring really the best bit of the technology to whatever markets they're trying to enter. And oftentimes we'll find manufacturers that have, you know, never had any wireless experience, so they'll want to go to the web, they'll want to contact our local apps people, and get support for that product, and they really don't have to become RF experts. And so they can focus their time on other things. And that's a combination that's working real well. Okay. With that, we can go to the next caller please.
Operator: And the next question comes from Chris Caso with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Chris Caso  Susquehanna Financial Group: Yes, thank you. I wonder if I could go back to some of your earlier comments with regard to the consignment revenue. I guess just to clarify that, I guess what you're saying is the higher percentage of fulfillment through consignment that you're expecting for third quarter is what's pulling down the book-to-bill. And I think in the past you've talked about your book-to-bill for the non-consignment portion of your business. Could you tell us what is and perhaps that's a better indicator of the end-market booking trends?
Kevin March: Yeah, on the -- what I talked about, Chris, was that we've had a conversion of more products into consignment going to distribution. And so that suppressed the book-to-bill a little bit that we just came out of the quarter with. If you keep in mind that -- oh gosh, how much of our revenue is going through consignment now? Probably 50% for the total company is going through consignment. What that really means is that book-to-bill for that consignment revenue is by definition one. And so the book-to-bill that we reported at the company level really just applies to the other half of the revenue. So that 1.01 that we just reported in very simple terms will be 1.02 because it really applies to non-consignment portion of the business. And again that was suppressed somewhat as a result of a conversion from a previously directly sale to a consigned arrangement.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. And Chris, Ill just add, in second quarter, you know, we delivered a 10% sequential growth and our book-to-bill was 1.03. You know, if you look at orders, they were up 9% sequentially. So, you know, that book-to-bill number is just one number, and as Kevin said, it's got some noise in it. So it's one consideration that we look at as we put together the demand forecast. You have a follow-on, Chris?
Chris Caso  Susquehanna Financial Group: Yes, sure. For my follow-on, I guess I'll ask a little bit of a bigger picture question. TI over the years has always been a cyclical company, just the function of the industry. But as you guys are operating the business a little bit differently now, your focus is on some different end-markets. Just interested in your view of, you know, going forward, what does that do to the cyclicality of TI as we go over the next couple of years?
Kevin March: Yeah, I think you're spot-on, Chris. As you look at the mix of what's going on inside our portfolio, in years past, as you observed, we had some big verticals, certain end-markets you might be able to take a look at, and our business cycle with that end-market in addition to any so-called semiconductor cycle itself. Now as we have industrial and automotive becoming a larger and larger percentage of our total revenue and the market to which our products are being shipped into, arguably we would see -- likely see less impact as a result of big vertical fluctuations and begin to see a little bit more correlation between TI's growth going forward and the global GDP as a whole. So we'll probably track more to the economy as opposed to a particular single end-market. That's not to say that we escaped the semi-cycle if there still is one. It's simply to say that our fortunes are more tied much more broadly than they have been ever in the past, and therefore they're much more reflective of, you know, how does the overall global GDP tend to expand over time.
Dave Pahl: Okay. And with that, operator, we have time for one last caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen & Company.
Timothy Arcuri  Cowen & Co.: Thanks so much. Guys, based on your current schedule of depreciation, and if you assume that CapEx remains at roughly 4% of sales, when is depreciation going to hit the level of CapEx? Is this is a 2016 event or is this sometime beyond that?
Kevin March: Yeah, Tim, it's unlikely that we would see CapEx and depreciation converge prior to 2016. So that's probably a good starting point for you to build your models with.
Dave Pahl: You have a follow-on, Tim?
Timothy Arcuri  Cowen & Co.: Okay, great. Okay, great. And then a question about gross margin drop-through. You know, the number has been a little bit above 75% the last couple of quarters. But is that still the right number to think about going forward for the gross margin drop-through? I know people were talking about operating margin drop-through, but I'm wondering about gross margin drop-through. Thanks.
Kevin March: Well, certainly we're operating at a higher level now, Tim, than we have in years past. And we talked a number of years ago about a long-term -- a long window of time that that fall-through during the course of a business cycle historically has been a pretty good indicator to follow. But in any one time period, it's always been -- it doesn't really apply very well. More importantly, going forward we'll operate into much higher level of gross than we have ever in the past, and I would expect that to continue to drop through quite richly, and importantly, drop through as free cash flow, that we can continue to return to our shareholders in the form of dividends and stock buyback.
Dave Pahl: Okay, great. And with that, I will turn it over to Ron to make some final remarks.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. As we wrap this up, let me just close by saying the past 32 years working at TI really has been a good -- I'd say great ride. For Dave and Kevin, let me simply pass on the request and words of advice that had been passed down from generations of TI managers, and that, please don't screw it up. Thank you all for joining us. A replay of the call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: That does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 17:30:00) =====
Executives:  Kevin March  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ron Slaymaker  Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts:  John Pitzer - Credit Suisse. Mark Lipacis  Jefferies & Company Doug Freedman  RBC Capital Markets Christopher Danely  JPMorgan Securities  Romit Shah  Nomura Securities Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Blayne Curtis  Barclays Capital Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Vivek Arya - Banc of America Merrill Lynch Stacy Rasgon  Sanford C. Bernstein  Eric Rasmus  Stifel Nicolaus  
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and relevant non-GAAP reconciliations on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. The first quarter was a good start to the year for TI. Our positions in analog and embedded processing contributed strongly, with combined revenue for these products up 13% from a year ago. As important markets such as industrial and automotive continued to embrace electronics technology, analog and embedded processing products are critical and TI should benefit accordingly.  Revenue of $2.98 billion was in the upper half of our expected range that we communicated in January. Earnings per share of $0.44 was at the top of our expected range. EPS included $0.02 that was not in our prior guidance from sales of a site and other assets associated with previously announced restructuring actions. Free cash flow was $3.1 billion or 25% of revenue for the trailing 12 months period, right in line with the 20% to 30% range where we expect to operate over time. For those of you who missed our capital management call in March, we raised our expected range for free cash flow margins from 20% to 25% to 20% to 30% in that call. Also over the past 12 months, we returned over $4 billion of cash to investors through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. In the March call, Kevin explained that our updated model for cash returns to shareholders was to return all of our free cash flow less the net debt amount that is retired plus proceeds that we received from exercises of equity compensation. Inclusion of the exercise proceeds was a new addition to the model from what we had previously communicated. Against this targeted return level, we returned 99% over the past 12 months. In the first quarter, TI revenue grew 3% from a year ago. Excluding legacy wireless, revenue grew 11% with double digit growth in both analog and embedded processing. Analog revenue grew 11% from a year ago with all four major product lines up. Power management and high performance analog led this growth, and were each up about the same amount. Embedded processing revenue grew 17% from a year ago with micro-controllers leading the way. Our increased investments in this growth area over the past few years are yielding favorable results.  In our other segment, revenue declined $186 million or 28% from a year ago due to legacy wireless which has now declined to the single digit millions of dollars.  Turning to distribution, Resales increased 10% from a year ago, while distributors inventory remained about the same and its just under five and a half weeks. From an end market perspective, the most growth from a year ago came from communications equipment, followed by industrial and automotive.  Enterprise Systems was about even, while revenue in personal electronics declined due to mobile phones and tablets, areas that previously used legacy wireless products from TI.  Now Kevin will review profitability, capital management and our outlook. 
Kevin March: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $1.61 billion or 53.9% of revenue. Gross profit increased 17% from the year ago quarter. This was a solid increase in profitability, considering the 3% growth in total revenue. The 630 basis point expansion in gross margin as a percentage of revenue reflects an improved product portfolio, higher utilization of our manufacturing assets and the efficiency of our manufacturing operations.  Moving to operating expenses, combined R&D and SG&A expense of $845 million was down $33 million from a year ago. The decline reflects restructuring associated with the wind down of our legacy wireless products. As a reminder, we will begin to see the benefit of the previously announced restructuring in a better processing and Japan in the second half of this year. While we are discontinuing R&D spending in the areas that are no longer able to provide differentiated growth, we continue to invest aggressively in those areas that are providing growth such as analogue where weve increased our R&D investments by 77% since 2006, resulting in steady increases in market share. Or as Ron mentioned, more recently with our stepped up investments in embedded processing, which is now resulting in multiple quarters of year over year revenue growth.  Moving on, acquisition charges were $83 million, almost all of which is the ongoing amortization of intangibles and non-cash expense. Restructuring and other charges included a charge of $32 million for the previously announced restructuring about as we expected. There was also a gain $37 million for sales of the site and other assets associated with earlier restructuring actions. As Ron mentioned, this gain contributed $0.2 to EPS in the quarter and was not included in our prior guidance. Operating profit was $690 million or 23.1% of revenue. Operating profit was up 75% from the year ago. Again, this was a solid increase considering total revenue was up 3% over this period. Net income in the first quarter was $487 million or 0.44 per share.  Let me now comment on our capital management, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $462 million in the quarter. Inventory days were 112, consistent with our model of 105 days to 115 days. Capital expenditures were $77 million in the quarter. On a trailing 12 months basis, cash flow from operations was $3.49 billion, up 5% from the same period a year ago. Trailing 12 months capital expenditures were $405 million or 3% of revenue. Capital spending for the year ago trailing 12 month period was $476 million or 4% of revenue. Consequently, free cash flow for the past 12 months was $3.08 billion or 25% of revenue in the middle of our expected 20% to 30% range. This is 8% higher than the free cash flow was a year ago when it was 23% of revenue.  Depreciation expense for the past 12 months was $864 million. Depreciation exceeded our capital expenditures by $459 million or 3.7% of revenue. Our strategy to opportunistically time our purchases of manufacturing equipment has provided us a manufacturing capability today that has sufficient headroom to support growth for years ahead. Our current level of capital expenditures, provide us with important new manufacturing technologies while also continuing to expand our capacity. Over the next few years, as a result of this strategy, we expect to continue to hold capital spending at low levels or at about 4% of revenue. Therefore depreciation will decline to the rate of capital spending and our gross margin will directly benefit.  As we have said, strong cash flow, particularly free cash flow, means that we can continue to provide significant cash returns to our shareholders. In the first quarter, TI paid $325 million in dividends and repurchased $720 million of our stock for a total return of $1.05 billion. Historically we have described our capital management strategy was to return all of our free cash flow to shareholders except for what we need to repay debt. In March we updated this model to also include the return of proceeds that we received from the exercise of equity compensation. In the past 12 months, free cash flow was $3.08 billion.  Our debt level was essentially unchanged and we received $1.14 billion of proceeds from exercises. So our target of return model would be about $4.22 billion. We actually returned $4.18 billion to shareholders on a 99% of the model. So our recent practice has been well [aligned] with the updated model. This percentage will likely move up in the second quarter as we retire debt that is due in May. Total cash returned in the past 12 months was 38% higher than a year ago.  Dividends were up 48% and stock repurchases were up 34%. Fundamental for our cash strategy and our cash management, are our cash management and tax practices. We ended the first quarter with $4.03 billion of cash and short term investments, with 84% of that amount owned by TIs U.S. entities. Because our cash is largely on-shore, it is readily available for a variety of uses, including paying dividends and repurchasing our stock. As a reminder, we issued $500 million of debt in the first quarter at an average coupon rate of 1.8% for three and seven year terms. And we plan to retire $1 billion when it comes due in May.  TIs orders in the quarter were $3.07 billion up 4% from a year ago and our book-to-bill ratio was 1.03.  Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.14 billion to $3.40 billion in the second quarter. At the middle of this range, revenue would increase 7% from a year ago. If you exclude the $148 million of legacy wireless revenue from the year ago quarter, revenue would increase 13%. We expect second-quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.55 to $0.63. Restructuring charges will be essentially nil and acquisition charges will remain about even which is a non-cash amortization charge that will be at this level for the next five years. We have revised our expectation for our effective tax rate in 2014 to 28%, up a point from our prior estimate, reflecting our high expectation for profitability in the year. This is the tax rate that you should use for the second quarter. In summary, I think the first quarter provided a glimpse into the potential financial performance that TI should be capable of going forward. Our Analog and Embedded Processing product lines will benefit as the industrial and automotive markets continue to increasingly embrace technology. These are markets where were investing that offer the promise of sustainable growth, solid profitability and good cash flow from operations. The low capital requirements for Analog and Embedded Processing, combined with our strategy to opportunistically acquire manufacturing assets, also means that we can deliver strong free cash flows, which would allow us to continue to provide strong returns to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.  With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator? 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) and we go first to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse.: Good afternoon guys. Thanks for letting me open the questioning. Congratulations on the strong results. Kevin, helpful on giving us topline and bottom line guiding for the June quarter. Im just kind of curious, as we think about gross margin and OpEx, how does the OpEx saving kind of [linearly] fold into the model between now and December? And on the gross margin lines, should we just think about sort of that 75% historical incremental gross margin against revenue growth?
Kevin March: So John, let me start with the OpEx. As you look into the next quarter in particular, recall that in the ... just to step back for a moment. On an annual basis, we typically have our pay and benefit increases occurring in the first quarter. And typically, two of the three months of the first quarter will incur that increase. So clearly as we go into second quarter, well have a full three months of that increase. But to the point that you were bringing up on some of the savings that well see from the restructuring in Embedded Processing actions, well see a little bit of that savings begin to materialize in the second quarter. So OpEx will probably be fairly flat. The majority of that savings will occur in the second half of the year. And just to remind everyone else, were expecting about $130 million in annualized savings as a result of that announced restructuring. On the gross profit, its exactly as you said John. You should be thinking that over the course of the cycle, our fall through average is about on the way up and on the way down. So thats a good long term model to be using as you build your model. 
Ron Slaymaker: Follow on, John?
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse Securities: Yeah. Ron, maybe you can help me out a bit. Given the reclassification of revenue you guys did, Im just kind of curios, how does a mix influence gross margin? And if you think about the new buckets of revenue, where do you expect to see faster, longer term growth versus slower, longer term growth, either by design or just by market forces? 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. And when you talk about our reclassification of revenue, are you talking about by end market or are you talking by -_
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse Securities: By end markets specifically, Ron. Thank you. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Even though was end market, let me first of all address that more by product line. So the biggest mix change has been as weve gotten out of legacy wireless. And even though thats essentially zero as of first quarter, youll still see the impact on the year-on-year comparison through the course of 2014. And in general the legacy wireless gross margins were lower than corporate average. So getting out of that, those product areas was beneficial to gross margin. From and end marker stand point probably the way to think about it is that gross margins tend to be highest and this is not unique to TI; you can just look across a broader range of companies, but gross margins tend to be highest where volumes tend to be lowest.  Meaning where -- maybe the better way to say it is where the revenue is most diversified across customers and application areas so for example, industrial. You can see other companies that are highly focused on industrial and we see it in our own results where youre selling catalogue products into lots and lots of different customers and different applications within the industrial space and that tends to be at pretty nice gross margins. Other areas like automotive where there are a lot of special requirements from the standpoint of quality, the design end cycles tend to be long. The product life cycle both in automotive and in industrial tend to be long and that tends to be beneficial for gross margins also.  They probably tend to be lowest in the short cycle, high volume end market areas and thats partly the nature of the competitiveness of those opportunities, combined with you dont really have time in terms of the life cycle of the product to engineer in cost reductions, to get gross margins where you would really like to see them over time. And so theres lots of examples of that and again you see it in our own results and you would see it probably more broadly with other companies. So if you say where you would expect to see highest growth over time, I would say just make a couple of observations.  I think both industrial and automotive from an application area, from their embracement of electronics technology, theyre at a tipping point where those very likely will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets going forward just by nature of the provision of semiconductor technology inside those applications. Now I would also say that we have a good position in those markets and we believe analogue and embedded are important. And we also believe frankly our sales force and the breadth sales force is an important competitive advantage for TI in reaching especially in the industrial markets, a broad base of customers there.  So probably not surprisingly and youve heard us say for some time now, they are priority areas for TI in terms of investment and in terms of our expected penetration into those markets and applications. And that doesnt necessarily mean that their revenue will grow faster as a percentage of TIs total because you never know what will happen in a particular high volume market. But over time I think you would expect that our position in those markets get stronger and over time the percent of our revenue that is coming from industrial and automotive will continue to grow as well.  Okay. John, thanks for the questions and lets move to the next caller. 
Operator: And we move next to Mark Lipacis with Jeffreys.
Mark Lipacis  Jefferies & Company: Thanks for taking my question. Kevin, I apologize if Im asking you to repeat what youve read in your script, but could you just walk through the mechanics of the capital return for this quarter? You have the debt that youre going to pay down, but you issued some. So I understand that the free cash flow plus the proceeds from the options minus the debt services is what you expect to return. So if you have $1 billion, do we just subtract that $1 billion or do we also factor in the $500 million in debt that you issued this quarter as part of that pay down?
Kevin March: Mark, let me try to get to the way youre trying to ask that question. Again at the high level, Ill repeat what you said there. Our cash return strategy is to return 100% of the free cash flow, less any amount used for net debt retirement plus proceeds that we get from stock option exercises. During this past quarter or during this past 12 months, there was virtually no net debt retirement. So it was really the proceeds from free cash flow plus the stock option exercises was virtually all -- we returned all of that to the shareholders in the last 12 months, 99% of that to the shareholders.  As you move into second quarter, we do have $1 billion of debt thats coming due on May that well go ahead and pay off. And so when you re-run that math, youll see some usage over that trailing 12 months of cash for debt retirement. And just mathematically that says the percentage we return by the time we get to the end of second quarter will probably be in excess of 100%, probably in excess of 110%. But thats just timing and as you go through the course of the year that will net itself as we move on through the year.
Mark Lipacis  Jefferies & Company: Let me just ask a clarification, Kevin. So in a quarter where you pay down debt, does that immediately come right out of repurchases or is it a more smoothing type of application in terms of the way you look at the return formula?
Kevin March: Its a more smoothing type of application. It will not affect the timing of our repurchases. We will continue to do repurchases, as youve seen us in the past, which is a very steady hand, constant hand as we go through time. And we dont try to time our repurchases. We just try to be very steady and methodical about it. 
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow up, Mark?
Mark Lipacis  Jefferies & Company: Yeah, I did and thanks for asking that clarification, Ron. I appreciate that. In trying to model the cash flows through the year, normally you have Q1. You have accounts payable and accounts receivable are a big use of cash, which they were this quarter and then in Q4 accounts receivable becomes a nice source of cash. Is it fair to assume that that typical pattern is what we would expect to see? And is there any other working capital shifts that might happen this year thats different than what youve historically had? Thank you.
Kevin March: Mark, I think youve identified that quite well. Typically our first and second quarters are our lowest for cash flow and operating cash flow and free flow cash generation. First quarter we had pay and benefit increases as I mentioned earlier. We also pay out our profit share and our performance bonuses during the first quarter. Then the second quarter, we of course have estimated tax payments that we have to make for the year that uses some cash, but as we travel through the year, our operating cash and our free cash flow have a tendency to increase, first to second to third to fourth and then decline again. And I dont see anything in 2014 that would suggest that would be any different than what weve seen for a number of years now.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay Mark. Thank you for your question. Lets move to the next caller. 
Operator: We move to Doug Freedman with RBC
Doug Freedman  RBC Capital Markets: Hi guys. Congrats on the strong results and thanks for letting me ask a question. If I could, could you dig into a little bit what youre seeing in terms of the mix of product, whether it be ASPs units, and then a little bit of insight into maybe your back log , what youre seeing in lead times book-to-bill and maybe the projected turns that you need to meet the mid-point?
Kevin March: I can maybe give you a little bit on that. In terms of ASPs Mark, Doug, excuses me, Im really not aware that theres been any significant shift one way or the other. And again that just tends to shift that take place on ASPs when you have differentiated products such as we do, tend to be more driven by mix than they would general pricing environment you might say or a competitive pricing environment. Again no substantial shift there other than when you look over time on, the longer term impact of moving out of legacy wireless. Lead times are generally stable. At any point in time you always have some mixed differences that might cause lead times to move in or out for one product area versus another. But generally lead times are stable and for TI what that means is the majority of our products are shipping with lead times of less than six weeks.
Ron Slaymaker : Ill comment on backlog. Doug, you asked about that. We came into last quarter with a book-to-bill of 0.94 and weve come into this quarter with a book-to-bill of 1.03. So clearly weve got a little bit more visibility than we had last quarter or even the quarter before that. Just to put that in perspective, orders in the quarter -- I think we mentioned earlier we are up about 4% year over year. That works out to being up about 7% quarter over quarter. So with those combined elements from a backlog standpoint, that leads to expect that we will have pretty reasonable growth in total revenues as we go in second quarter as indicated by the guidance that weve included with this release. 
Kevin March : And I know Ive said this before, but let me just remind you that with the 1.03 book-to-bill, today about 45% of our revenue is supported by consignment and JIT programs. And so for that revenue, book-to-bill is always 1.0. So the 1.03 is a blend of really only the revenue thats non-JIT or non-consignment which is 55% of our revenue. So if I just round and call that half of our revenue, the book-to-bill on those products that would be shipping on traditional backlog and order entry type process would be more like a 1.06, the total being a 1.03 because that 1.06 then gets blended with the JIT consignment products at a 1.0 book-to-bill. 
Ron Slaymaker : Okay. Hopefully that helped and didnt further confuse. Did you have a follow on, Doug?
Doug Freedman  RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thanks Ron. No. That was excellent color, I really do appreciate it. My follow on is really about sort of the cost of running the business. I know that you guys have executed your restructuring plan to lower some of the cost, but how should I think about the cost in OpEx going forward in relation to say revenue growth? If revenue growth continues at say double digit pace, does the core OpEx grow with that same double digit pace or is there some leverage there?
Kevin March : Yeah. Doug, I think that we do have some leverage certainly in 2014 and that is the restructuring that we announced in [beta] processing and Japan. That mostly will kick in during the second half. So again just to remind you, thats $130 million of annualized savings that we expect to capture by the end of the year. So as we roll into next year well see it on an annual basis. That $130 million will spread roughly 65% in R&D, 20% in SG&A and the balance of 15% in cost of revenue and cost of goods sold. So were kind of spread that way. Beyond 2014, again I think weve commented a couple of times on prior calls our basic model for OpEx is to operate between 20% and 30% of revenue. So it will not go up or down necessarily at the same pace that revenue goes up or down. It will be more of a steady change over time, but some of these one off anomalies like I just described with the restructuring going on in a [beta] processing and Japan. 
Ron Slaymaker : Okay. Doug, thank you. Lets move to the next caller. 
Operator: We move to Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely  JPMorgan Securities : Can you give us your thoughts on the relative growth rates of your analogue versus embedded versus your -- I guess your other category this year? And then maybe talk about just the various puts and takes of why embedded was up so much, analogue was up a little bit less and the other was down so much this quarter? 
Ron Slaymaker : Chris, are you asking for comments on forward looking or kind of why the historical results were what they were?
Christopher Danely  JPMorgan Securities: Both will be great. If I had to choose one Id say forward, but both would be great. 
Ron Slaymaker : Okay. Forward will be short discussion because we have -- really I can say legacy wireless will continue down through the rest of this year when compared against the year ago period. But its zero already. So I think the reality is itll be what itll be. Youll see certain times when Analog grows faster than Embedded. Youll see periods where Embedded grows faster than Analog. I think Kevin even in his opening remarks mentioned that. I think it was back in 2010 where we stepped up investments in Embedded because we believed there was a great growth opportunity for TI and microcontrollers. We have answered questions from you guys for a long time about wheres the growth that goes along with that stepped up investment. And frankly I think were starting to see it now.  It make sense because it takes time first of all for that R&D to translate to products and then for products to get designed into customers and them to get their products to the market. I think what were seeing now in Embedded, very specifically in the micro controller area has to do with the stepped up investments that we made a few years ago in microcontrollers. Certainly also whats helping Embedded is I think we mentioned that from an end market standpoint, were seeing strength in communications equipment as well. And clearly the DSP position, our processor position we have in Embedded across pretty much all of the various OEMS that ship into that wireless base station market are benefiting now in terms of that market starting to lift for us.  In terms of Analog, the same thing. Youll see over time periods where power grows faster. In fact probably that would be a trend that youd say if you look over an extended period of time, meaning five years or so power has pretty consistently led growth in Analog. And we think thats an opportunity that will just continue in the years ahead. That has to do with the world wanting to get greener in terms of power efficiency and it has to do with a lot more products in the end market becoming battery power and thats a great power management opportunity for TI. Our leadership in that market means that as that market lifts, we probably tend to lift more than most other players. Outside of that, what were doing in Silicon Valley Analog, what were doing in high performance Analog, both those areas in the industrial market are very clear beneficiaries of the industrial market continuing to lift. So Ill stop there. Those are some general comments. But again we dont really try to mention it, Chris. We have certain areas like industrial and automotive that are important to us, but frankly pretty much every product area, whether its application specific products or processors or catalogue analog devices can reach into industrial and can reach into automotive and be beneficiaries of that strategy going forward.  Do you have a follow on, Chris?
Christopher Danely  JPMorgan Securities: Yeah and I hopped on a little late. So Im sorry if you already talked about it. But can you just go over what utilization rates were during the quarter, what youre expecting them to be this quarter? And then given all the restructuring and fads et cetera, maybe just refresh us on what your sort of peak revenue level is and where you would need to start adding equipment in terms of a utilization level?
Kevin March : Chris, on utilization again we havent disclosed the actual percentage utilization in quite some time. We tend to do that when its really a dramatic change, its informative. I will just say that our factory utilization from a stats basis was higher in the first quarter than it was in the fourth quarter, but the average wafers that moved through the factories was about the same in both quarters. So, consequently the underutilization charge was the same in both quarters, both fourth quarter and first quarter at about $105 million. With the outlook that we have for the second quarter with the guidance that weve offered, clearly we have been and well continue to increase the loadings in the factories to support the increased expected outlook revenue growth in the second quarter. And then just to the last part of your question there, the installed capacity that we have today is equipped to the point to support we believe about $18 billion of revenue. As we go forward, well continue to look for opportunities to increase capacity at the lowest possible cost as we have done for a number of years now so that we can remain focused on maximizing continuous free cash flow over time as opposed to trying to maximize factory utilization levels over time. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay Chris, thank you. Lets move to the next caller.
Operator: We move next to Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Ron Slaymaker: Are you there Blayne? Operator, why dont we move on and if Blayne comes back in maybe we can bring him back up.
Operator: Well move next to Romit Shah with Nomura.
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: Yeah. Hi guys. Thanks. So I was just jumping on here a little bit late, but I noticed the guidance for EPS growth is significantly higher than revenue growth. is capacity utilization -- Kevin I know youre not going to give us gross margin guidance, but is utilization the biggest factor driving the fast earnings growth?
Kevin March: I presume that youre talking in relation to the sequential growth when youre asking that?
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: Yeah, in relation to Q1.
Kevin March: Yeah. I think youre going to see -- certainly you get some EPS growth just off the revenue growth itself. You will see some improvement on utilization. As I mentioned a moment ago, were increasing the loadings in the factories. But youll also see a similar improvement as you go to the next quarter just on lower manufacturing cost. Recall a couple of years ago that we had announced that we were closing two older six inch factories, one in Houston and one in Hiji, Japan and those basically are behind us now. And so that cost saving is finding its way through. So youve got a couple moving parts going on inside there. 
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow on, Romit?
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: Yeah and can you just talk a little about the impact of OpEx on EPS during the second quarter as well? Thank you. 
Ron Slaymaker: Romit, I believe that Kevin addressed that earlier and he said basically OpEx should be relatively flat. So instead of repeating that, well move on to the next caller please.
Operator: We move to Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Thanks for letting me ask a question. Ron, a couple of quarters ago there was a lot of talk about seasonality and what that was going to be going forward and I think you chose a three year average for your sequentials in the fourth quarter. As we look forward is that still as good a boggy as any for the June quarter? And from a sequential perspective by my math, that yields about 8% up. Youre guiding above that. Whats better than seasonal in what you guys are seeing? 
Ron Slaymaker: Ross, I think two months after we gave you that number in fourth quarter, we then started to decline to provide it again. And the reality is seasonality, the number you come up with for call it an average growth for any particularly quarter, will vary so widely based upon the time period that you used to collect that. And so weve decided is instead of us giving you our view -- weve historically provided  call it a three year or five average, five year, whatever. The reality is when we threw that number out, it was being perceived as an endorsement of that level of growth for TI and that was never our intentions.  So I think what weve decided to do going forward is just let you guys go through that analysis and provide your own estimates on seasonality. If you need help with the math on whether its a three year or a five year average, I probably could help on that, but Im not going to do it for you. The other thing is and Ive noted even just looking at reports coming into this current report, I think sell-side analysts I saw had anywhere from call it 4% average for second quarter sequential to up to 9% . And again, that just reinforces that the range is so wide that from our perspective internally, we really just dont put much emphasis on seasonal average given how wide that range is. If you think its important, then were going to let you go through that on your own.  Do you have a follow on, Ross?
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Sure. Maybe Ill be a little more successful with this one. Embedded Processing seemed like that was the segment that provided the upside in the quarter that you just reported. As you think about the microcontroller areas starting to deliver growth given the prior investments that youve made, can you give us a little bit of color on some of the applications that are driving that growth? And really why did they start taking off finally now? And maybe looking forward whats the road map from an end market perspective and application? Anything that can give us a little color in helping us to channel check that segment would be helpful. 
Ron Slaymaker : Id offer a couple of things. Microcontrollers; the beauty of microcontrollers is they tend not to -- they are so, so diversified across applications. And so good luck on that channel check, but theyre very much so in industrial applications. Certainly automotive is a factor there. The other piece that I would mention for embedded processing that I already mentioned was communications equipment. Base stations clearly was a lift for TI. The only thing I would caution against is the view that that would draw some significant upside, because the reality is I think for most part analogue and embedded processing came in about as expected. And in fact our revenue overall I think were 1% or so above the midpoint of our guidance range. So again the quarter generally came in about as we expected. But what drove the strength there would probably be a mix of industrial, automotive microcontroller applications as well as communications equipment. But pretty much everything was broadly up in the quarter.  I guess that was your follow up, Ross. Thank you and well move to the next caller.
Operator: We move to Blayne Curtis with Barclays. 
Blayne Curtis  Barclays Capital: Guys, can you hear me now? 
Ron Slaymaker: We can hear you now. 
Blayne Curtis  Barclays Capital: Hey. Perfect, sorry about that. So I apologize also if you mentioned this earlier, but just on the outlook for June, outside of calculators, were there any outliers in terms of products either up or down in your outlook?
Kevin March : Blayne, we dont specifically break our forecast out into particular end markets or product areas. But I think what I would be safe in saying is that its a pretty broad based traction that is taking place in second quarter and its driving that growth. That doesnt mean everything is up uniformly the same but it is -- we believe the strength will be pretty broad based for us. And as you pointed out, calculators probably is the one outlier where it just tends to have a good back to school strength in the second quarter and we do expect that as well this second quarter. 
Ron Slaymaker : Do you have a follow on, Blayne? 
Blayne Curtis  Barclays Capital: Yeah. In terms of your restructuring effort that youve talked about come, I was just wondering if youve taken any other actions now there are product lines. Particularly microcontrollers seems like an area of investment. Have you kind of reallocated any resources there or any color on if there is any other segments that youve paired back on spending? Thanks.
Kevin March: Blayne, last quarter when we discussed the restructuring efforts that we were taking, we included the discussion of embedded processing in Japan. So Japan is clearly one that is underway. It will be complete for the most part by the end of the second quarter or at the end of second quarter. And that was really to resize our presence in Japan principally from a support standpoint to be more commensurate with the size of the market opportunity there. As it relates to embedded processing, we did discuss that we were in some cases reducing investments or discontinuing on some areas that were no longer showing growth opportunities and other cases reallocating. And that affected our processor side as well as our microcontroller side to a lesser degree in Embedded Processing. Beyond those, theres no other actions that weve taken or intend to take that wed discuss right now. 
Ron Slaymaker : Okay. Blayne, thanks for your questions. Im glad you were able to circle back in and lets move to the next caller.
Operator: We move to Timothy Arcuri with Cowen & Company 
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company: Hi, thanks. Can you just talk about from a big picture perspective, can you -- I dont know if you tried to segment out how much of your revenue is directly related to internet of things. But can you try to give us some sense of the percentage of the revenue thats related to IOT what with a in a large semi-conductor company actually creating that as is independent segment? Thanks.
Ron Slaymaker : Boy Tim, we really dont and frankly we saw in all the hype that the realm the term internet of things. I think if you look at our capability and market position, it probably is second to none. If you look across processors, microcontrollers that are just inherent in connecting the world. Combine that with our connectivity capability whether Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, ZigBee, those types of capabilities that we have in our embedded business as well. That potential to then go pursue that opportunity of connecting lots of different things, I think is probably second to none. But that being said, as soon as the world goes and puts a big label on it and tries to calculate how much everybody has and this and that, thats really not what we are interested in. We love the diversity of what you are calling internet of things, meaning if lots of different applications, they have different requirements, they are across different customers, the idea of somehow circling it up into a common end market or whatever we think is probably the wrong approach just because theres not that much in common there from a technology standpoint or from a customer or an end market standpoint. But again, well just try to stay away from the hype. Well keep our heads down and go attack that opportunity.  Do you have a follow on, Tim?
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company: I did actually, yeah. Sorry, I actually jumped on late, but you might have already talked about this, but can you address the channel inventory, either your inventory, and also inventory in the channel and also maybe remind us of what normal seasonal is for Q3? Thanks. 
Ron Slaymaker: We did hit on some of those things. Ill say channel inventory for TI we described as less than five and a half weeks, really unchanged from where its been for some time now. And I would just say if you look more broadly, we think inventory that we would characterize that as lean. We would characterize customer inventory as lean. Maybe one of the best data points is cancellations from customers are incredibly low right now and we think that reflects a combination of lean inventories as well as the growing demand environment that we are in. But I think both the other pieces there we did address already.  Okay Tim, thanks for your questions. Well move to the next caller please. 
Operator: We move to Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Thanks for taking the question. I appreciate it. Im going to just ask one with no follow ups since a lot of good questions have been asked. You guys had broken out as you usually do your segments at the beginning of the year in terms of end market exposure. I think it was 37% was consumer. Kind of a longer term question, is that a number you are comfortable with or is that a number that youd like to see decline over time through market share growth in segments? Obviously consumer I dont think is growing as fast on a revenue basis as some of the other markets over time because of pricing pressure and such there. So just a little perspective on where you would like to see that number three years from now? Thanks a lot.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thanks Jim, and thats a good question. So let me do a couple of things. Ill also give a little bit of the color of what happened in quarter by end market because nobody has asked that question. But very clearly we do talk about the one end market being personal electronics and in 2013 that was 37% of our revenue. That is not what you would historically or typically think of as consumer though. It does have products like gaming products in there. It has television in there, set top box, but it also includes mobile phones, notebook computers, printers and also things like tablets. And so it will go down between 2013 and 2014 largely because of our exit from legacy wireless.  So, most of that revenue would have been shipping into the personal electronics space. But again dont -- and Ive had a number of questions from analysts over the last few months that imply that a people think of personal electronics as consumer. Its not. Its again mobile phones, notebooks and that space as well. They do tend to be consumer buying decisions as opposed to enterprise, but they are not what youve typically thought of in past as consumer electronic. So I think in the prepared remarks we gave a top level overview of what drove revenue from a year ago. Maybe I can give a little more granularity on that. So I think we talked about communications equipment being the highest contributor of growth from a year ago.  That very clearly tied to wireless infrastructure. Next we said industrial. Interestingly industrial, if you go out to our website, we break that down into multiple sectors, something like 12, 15 different sectors below the industrial level. Pretty much all of them were up in that year-on-year comparison, with most of them up at a double digit growth level, so good strength and broad strength in industrial. Automotive, similarly. If you go look at the sectors on our website, all of them were up. Infotainment products were the strongest, but all of the sectors inside automotive were up.  Enterprise Systems we said were about even for TI and that really is a combination of growth in projector revenue, which again is primarily DLP for TI, offset by declines in servers and then the last area which we started off with on personal electronics. It was down, but it was down pretty much only due to legacy wireless. If you would have excluded the legacy wireless revenue out of that comparison, then personal electronics would have been about even from a year ago. So again thats just a little more color of what happened inside there. Jim, thank you for your questions and lets move to the next caller.
Operator: We move to Vivek Arya with Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question. When I look at your first half growth in Analog and Embedded, I think its almost 13%, 14% year-on-year. Very strong, well above what weve seen from most of the peer group so far. Are you worried at all about double ordering anything that suggests that trends could sail off in the second half? Do you have enough visibility in the second half, whether it will be roughly seasonal? Not anything that suggests that the trends are sustainable versus not. 
Ron Slaymaker: Ill make up a comment and Kevin if you have anything to add certainly jumps in. Vivek, were not seeing at this point signs of that kind of overheated market. Typically that comes along with crazy expedites and things like that that frankly we just didnt see in the quarter. We saw customers giving us good visibility into their needs. Weve been shipping at the lead times that weve been quoting them and our lead times have been stable. In that environment typically, theres no need for customers to start that double ordering process that you mentioned. So again we really see no signs of that taking place. In terms of visibility in the second half, again weve got customers for the most part trying to give us visibility into their needs. But I would really not say we have -- I would not want to try to provide any specific comments about second half visibility at this point. Kevin, do you have any other comment?
Kevin March: Not much different than what youre saying. I would looking over the numbers here go back to your point. We did have 13% year over year growth in the first quarter when you combine Analog and Embedded processing. Thats up just a bit from last quarter when it was 12% year-over-year and up a little bit from the prior quarter when it was up to 7% year-over-year. What were actually seeing is a slight acceleration in that to it looks like the low teens. And thats probably consistent with what we talked about at the last earnings release. We said that we felt 2014 was shaping up to be a better year than 2013. And I think this is just reinforcing that.  And the big difference that we see is that in 2014 it appears in the U.S economy is attempting to grow at a faster pace than it has in the last few years. In 2014 for the first time in a number of years, youre seeing Europe beginning to grow rather than shrink. You continue to see growth broadly across Asia, albeit at a slightly lower rate, still growing quite strongly. I think what were really seeing here is the result of an improving, broader economy and our efforts of trying to gain market share inside those spaces combined our results and the nice growth for TI. And as Ron said for the second half, well give you that forecast, at least the first part of that forecast in about 90 days. 
Ron Slaymaker: Vivek, maybe the other thing that I would just add real quick is, you see our inventory numbers. We have good, healthy inventory. Its not getting drawn down. And again customers were worried about supply from Texas Instruments, you would see probably some impact on those type metrics and yet we dont right now. Do you have a follow on to that?
Vivek Arya - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thanks for answering that first question. You guys are the largest player in this space. Thats really encouraging to see the kind of trends that youre reporting. As my follow up question just probably more a math question, but at what revenue level would underutilization charges be behind you? Or asked in a different way, if youre saying you have installed capacity of $18 billion and your current sales are about, I dont know say $13 billion, will we continue to see underutilization charges until you use all of your installed capacity? Or how should we think about that underutilization charge number that you report every quarter in relation to the amount of installed capacity that you have and then obviously the implications on how we should model your gross margins going forward? 
Kevin March: Yeah. Vivek, I would suggest you think about it the way we do and the way most of our investors that we speak with seem to think about it, and that is not what is the underutilization capacity of the current period gross profit margin or next period gross profit margin, but whats the total free cash flow that we can generate with that available capacity and whats the cheapest way to bring that capacity in house so that we can maximize cash flow going forward? And thats exactly how we think about it. So frankly we do no focus on trying to figure out how to get the utilization charge down to zero. In fact by definition, with our stated strategy of buying capacity opportunistically when we dont need it, when prices are relatively low, that by definition means that we will always have open capacity and therefore well always be underutilized in a classic sense.  But from a cash flow standpoint, when we do the math and the trade off on that and the last few years are certainly proving that out, we generate a heck of a lot more cash flow with that kind of behavior than we would if we focused purely on maximizing utilization which puts us at the risk of buying capacity at two expensive of a price. So thats the way we look at it. And Id offer that you maybe think about it on the longer term view like that as opposed to trying to model in near term GPM percent swings and utilization swings. 
Ron Slaymaker : Okay Vivek, thank you for your questions. Lets move to the next caller. 
Operator: We move to Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein
Stacy Rasgon  Sanford C. Bernstein : Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. I apologize if this has been covered. I hopped on a little late, but when Im looking at your guidance for next quarter and Im backing into sort of the implications for gross margin, Im getting something thats reasonably close to 57%. Its almost 300 basis points increase. I think youd mentioned higher revenue. I think youd also talked about the six inch fab closures. My understanding was the fab closures that were already in the numbers. Is this something that happens like as a lump improvement this quarter or any color you can give us on I guess the relative impact of drivers revenue, cost saving and mix would be very helpful. And I guess just some indication of whether that 57% number is something that you guys are actually are thinking for next quarter? 
Kevin March: Yes. Stacy, on the margins clearly they are going to be up and they are going to be up quite a bit and its not dissimilar to what you saw a year ago. If you go to a year ago and take a look you would have seen our gross margins from 1Q to 2Q increased in a similar manner. And in part thats just a natural effect of stepping up manufacturing production for a typically stronger second quarter versus one quarter. So if you take a look today on a year over year basis, the best way to think about it is that we continue to have improved product mix. A year ago we still had wireless. Now we have virtually none. So its mostly analog and embedded processing.  We have lower manufacturing costs versus a year ago and again this is the Houston and Hiji factories now completely out of the mix. And to a lesser extent we have some lower utilization charges because in fact we are expecting revenue levels this quarter, this 2Q to be higher than they were 2Q a year ago. And so that will take on a little bit more of our capacity. So theres a combination of things going on there. And the bottom line is that when you do the math, your gross margins are going to be stepping up rather nicely as you just suggested. 
Stacy Rasgon  Sanford C. Bernstein : Got it. And I guess to follow up on that same trend. Presumably youll continue to have higher revenues year over year than you had last year. And you are sitting now, I would think its close to 600 basis points higher than you were last year. Does this mean that you could actually maybe even have visibility into the ballpark of 60% exiting the year and going into 2015? Is that something that you guys -- I dont know if you guys think internally about gross margin targets anymore, but thats something that  is this something that could actually be plausible at this point? 
Kevin March: Stacey I would say that a lot of numbers are plausible. We dont really spend time thinking or looking at it in that context. We spend again more time thinking in context of are we taking steps that are going to maximize our free cash flow on a continuous basis. And in doing that then GPM just tends to fall out. So from that standpoint theres nothing structural that stops us from getting higher GPMs as we move forward. In fact if we continue to be successful as we have been in increasing our analog and embedded processing mix, at the same time of keeping very low cost manufacturing underneath that mix, then clearly our margins not only are benefiting as you are computing now, but will continue to benefit as we look into the future. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay Stacy, thanks for your questions and operator I think we have time for one final caller.
Operator: Well move to Tore Svanberg with Stifel Nicolaus.
Eric Rasmus  Stifel Nicolaus : Hi, its Eric [Rasmus] calling in for Tore. I appreciate you just getting me in here. I know a lot has been talked about the restructuring, but maybe just can you talk about the progress on the Embedded Processing business in boosting those operating margins there? I know last quarter looked like just some out performance and the margins were up. But is there a target that youre shooting for internally? Is there something that you can maybe tell us for your end and maybe help us measure the progress there? 
Kevin March: Eric, I think the way to think about the Embedded Processing is that again weve been seeing some nice growth in that business. I think if I recall six quarters of year over year growth going on in that business. So were beginning to see the payoff of prior investments resulting in real revenue growth. That growth is in the right areas. Its where we can -- weve got sustainable product revenue streams and very attractive margins. Consequently were seeing profit margins beginning to improve rather nicely and thats even before we see the benefit of the restructuring actions that we talked about for Embedded Processing.  Thats not to say that were done. Theres still quite a bit more work to be done, but most importantly with that business is focusing on is growing into its inherent cost base. And so more growth is whats going to be really important there. And clearly at its current operating profit levels, its not anywhere near where we think it can take us to. I wont go beyond that on forecasting what margins might be, but I think you know from how we operate the business here were focused on free cash flow, which means youve got to have some right margins in there. And this business still has quite a bit of work to do to get to where we expect entitlement is. 
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow on, Eric?
Eric Erasmus : Okay, great. Thanks for that. Yeah, CapEx maybe. Where do you see your investments being focused? How do you plan on allocating your CapEx I guess over the next 12 months? Thank you. 
Kevin March: Eric, we did announce that with the 4Q earnings released that we had just acquired an assembly tests site in Chengdu, China. Well be spending money on that in 2014 bringing that building up to our standards and bringing the production line up and ready for output in the second half or late this year. So the majority of our CapEx will tend to go toward our assembly and test operations given that we already have significant capacity in our wafer fab operations.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, great. Eric, thanks for your questions and were going to wrap it at this point. Thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: This concludes our conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker  VP, IR Kevin March  SVP and CFO
Analysts: John Pitzer  Credit Suisse Securities Doug Freedman  RBC Capital Markets Christopher Danely  JPMorgan Securities Blayne Curtis  Barclays Capital Stephen Chin  UBS Securities Timothy Arcuri  Cowen & Co. Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs Ambrish Srivastava  BMO Capital Markets-US Vivek Arya  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tore Svanberg  Stifel Nicolaus Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments Fourth Quarter and 2013 Year-End Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and yearend earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and relevant non-GAAP reconciliations on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. The fourth quarter was a good one and wraps up a good year. We are entering the first quarter of 2014 feeling better than we did entering the first quarter of 2013. Before I review the quarter, let me provide some information that is important to your calendars. Starting this quarter, we will not be providing a mid-quarter update to our outlook. Our business is now sufficiently diverse across markets and customers that we believe a mid-quarter update is no longer necessary. The diversity in our business means that TIs results should mostly reflect broader industry tech trends as opposed to TIs specific considerations such as adjustments in demand from a large customer. In fact, in our last eight updates, we narrowed to the middle of the range six times on a revenue basis. We do plan to hold a call on March 13 to update you on our capital management strategy. This will be a follow-on to the call we did a year ago on this topic. In this call, Kevin March will provide insight into our strategy and also answer some of the most frequent questions that we are asked about this strategy. More details will be forthcoming. Revenue in the fourth quarter was in the upper half of our range of expectations. Once again cash generation and returns remained strong. Free cash flow was $3 billion or 24% of revenue for the trailing 12 months period, or in this case, the full year of 2013. Over that same period, we returned over $4 billion of cash to investors through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. This return was 136% of free cash flow for the year. Again our strategy is to return all of our free cash flow to our shareholders except what is needed to repay debt. EPS was at midpoint of our range. However it also included $0.03 of charges for a restructuring action that was not previously included in our guidance. So overall a good quarter. The restructuring that is underway is a result of our ongoing assessment of our investments and the market opportunities that we are addressing with those investments. First, we are reducing costs in certain embedded processing product lines that either have matured or do not offer the return opportunities we are looking for. These changes will accelerate a profit margin improvement in the embedded business while still maintaining its pace of growth. Of note that we are not exiting any markets or discontinuing any existing products but are aligning resources consistent with our updated views of the market opportunities. We are also lowering costs in Japan by reducing resources in that country to levels that are appropriate to the opportunity. Combined, these actions are expected to result in annualized savings of about $130 million by the end of 2014. As a result of these actions, we will eliminate about 1100 jobs. Total charges are estimated to be about $80 million where $49 million included in the fourth quarter results and the remaining charges of about $30 million to be included in the first quarter. These charges are recognized in the other segment. In the fourth quarter results, TI revenue grew 2% from a year ago. Excluding legacy wireless, revenue grew 10% with double digit growth in both analog and embedded processing. Sequentially, revenue declined 7% with half of the declines due to seasonally lower calculated revenue. Analog revenue grew 12% from a year ago and declined 3% sequentially. From a year ago, all four major product lines were up with power management leading the growth. Sequentially, all major product lines were down with high performance analog declining the most. Embedded processing revenue grew 11% from a year ago and declined 10% sequentially. From a year ago, the growth was due to strengthened micro-controllers. Connectivity revenue grew a single-digit percentage rate and processors were about even. Sequentially, all areas were down with the biggest decline in processors. In our other segment, revenue declined $209 million or 27% from a year ago. The decline was due to legacy wireless dropping $216 million. Sequentially, other revenue was down $90 million due to the seasonal decline in calculators. Legacy wireless revenue was $54 million in the fourth quarter and we expect it to be essentially gone in the first quarter. Turning to distribution. Resales declined 3% sequentially, trending about the same as our semiconductor product revenue. Distributors inventory levels were about even with the prior quarter. Let me make a couple of observations about the year overall. For 2013, analog and embedded processing revenue grew a combined 4% with analog up 3% and embedded up 9%. These two key areas were 79% of TI revenue for the year, up from 72% in 2012. Operating margin for analog was 25.8% and it exceeded 30% during the second half. Operating margin for embedded processing was 7.6%, a level that should increase as we continue to grow and as we execute our restructuring plans to better align resources with the opportunities that we are pursuing. Finally, we are refining descriptions of our end market mix to more closely match our perspective of our markets and investments. Traditionally, we and many other companies have described the markets as communications, computing, industrial, consumer, automotive and education. The real world didnt always align so cleanly and some of the categorizations became blurred. For example, consumer smartphones were included with infrastructure equipment in the communications market and consumer tablets were included with servers in the computing market. In both of these examples, high volume consumer products were grouped together with enterprise equipment that have very different life cycles and market characteristics. We believe our revised segmentation is more description and reflective of the markets we sell into and therefore more helpful for our understanding of our business. Starting now we will provide an annual snapshot of our product mix along the following market descriptions. Industrial which is 24% of revenue in 2013; automotive which was 13% of revenue; personal electronics which was 37% of revenue and include subsets which we call sectors such as notebooks, tablets, mobile phones and consumer products. Communications equipment which was 16% of revenue; enterprise systems which include sectors such as servers and projectors was 6% of revenue; and calculators which was 4% of revenue. We have matched [ph] our product revenue in these markets as well as the sectors and even in the equipment levels below that, we find this especially beneficial for the industrial markets where the market definition has historically not been very clear and where we have a strong strategic focus. We now have a reasonably precise profile of where our revenue is shifting that is more accurate than weve had in the past. Weve included on our website this 2013 product revenue breakout by market along with the 2011 and 2012 historical breakouts. Weve also identified the sectors below the markets provide you a clear understanding of how we are mapping the revenue. We will not be disclosing our revenue breakout below the market level. We plan to update this for you annually. Now Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $1.64 billion, or 54.2% of revenue. Gross profit declined 8% sequentially  about the same as the 7% decline in revenue. Gross margin held up very well, slipping only 60 basis points from last quarters record high. From a year ago, gross profit was up 13%  well above the 2% increase in revenue. The result was a 570 basis point expansion in gross margin. There are a couple of major reasons for gross profit expanding significantly faster than revenue. First, the quality of our portfolio has improved as the higher proportion of our revenue is from Analog and Embedded Processing products. Second, our factory utilization has improved as we have increased loadings in our most advanced factories and we have shut down older, less-efficient manufacturing assets, such as our Houston and Hiji 6-inch factories. Moving to operating expenses. Combined R&D and SG&A expense of $807 million was down $26 million sequentially and down $48 million from a year ago. The sequential decline is mostly due to seasonality, as employees typically take more vacation and holiday time in the fourth quarter. The decline from a year ago was due to the wind down of our legacy wireless products. Acquisition charges were $84 million, almost all of which is the on-going amortization of intangibles, a non-cash expense. Restructuring and other charges were $62 million. This included a $49 million charge for the restructuring action that Ron discussed. This was not included in our prior guidance and negatively impacted earnings by $0.03 per share. Operating profit was $687 million, or 22.7 % of revenue. Our tax rate in the quarter was 25%, a point above the 24% that we had guided. The effective tax rate remained 24% but we had several small discrete items that pulled the rate up in the quarter. Net income in the fourth quarter was $511 million, or $0.46 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.20 billion in the quarter. We increased our inventory by $5 million compared with the prior quarter. Inventory days increased by 6 days to 112 days, consistent with our model of 105 to 115 days. Capital expenditures were $107 million in the quarter. I should note this includes our purchase of a 358,000 square foot assembly and test facility in Chengdu, China, that is adjacent to our existing wafer fab. We expect to have this facility equipped and in production by the fourth quarter of this year. On a trailing 12 months basis, Cash flow from operations was $3.38 billion. Trailing 12 months capital expenditures were $412 million, or 3% of revenue. As a result, free cash flow was $2.97 billion, or 24% of revenue. This is within our expected range of 20% to 25% of revenue. Ill note that depreciation expense for the full year was $879 million. Depreciation exceeded our capital expenditures by $467 million, or 3.8% of revenue. Over the next few years, as we continue to hold capital spending to low levels, depreciation will decline to the rate of capital spending and our gross margin will directly benefit. And as weve said, strong cash flow, particularly free cash flow, means that we can continue to provide significant cash returns to our shareholders. In the fourth quarter, TI paid $326 million in dividends and repurchased $734 million of our stock for a total return of $1.06 billion. Our capital management strategy is to return all of our free cash flow to shareholders, except for what we need to repay debt. In the full year 2013, free cash flow was $2.97 billion and we reduced our debt level by $500 million. We returned a total of $4.04 billion to shareholders, or 136% of free cash flow. This return was 54% higher than in 2012. We returned more than our full free cash flow in the year because proceeds from exercises of employee stock options, totaling $1.31 billion in the year, have also been an additional source of cash for the company, all of which was used to repurchase stock. There was an abnormally high level of exercises in the year due to the stock price performance. Although the exercises were somewhat of a headwind for the share count reduction, we more than offset this with stock repurchases. In the end, we reduced our shares outstanding by 25 million shares, or 2.3%, in 2013 similar to the last couple years. In total, we have reduced our share count by 37% since the beginning of 2005 with our repurchases. Fundamental to our cash return strategy are our cash management and tax practices. We ended the fourth quarter with $3.83 billion of cash and short-term investments with 82% of that amount owned by TIs U.S. entities. Because our cash is largely on-shore, it is readily available for a variety of uses, including paying dividends and repurchasing our stock. TIs orders declined 10% sequentially and our book-to-bill ratio was 0.94. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $2.83 billion to $3.07 billion in the first quarter. At the middle of this range, revenue would decline 3% sequentially with most of the decline coming from the final step-down in legacy wireless revenue, which is now essentially gone and should not be a factor in the sequential trends after the first quarter. Therefore, if you exclude the legacy wireless revenue from the fourth quarter of 2013, revenue at the middle of this range would be almost even sequentially. If you exclude it from the first quarter of 2013, growth would be 10% . We expect first-quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.36 to $0.44, which includes a $0.02 EPS impact from the $30 million of restructuring charges discussed earlier. We expect our effective tax rate in 2014 to increase to 27% and this is the rate you should use in your models for the first quarter. This is about 3 percentage points higher than our 2013 effective tax rate, negatively impacting EPS by $0.02 in the first quarter. This rate is higher due to the expiration of the R&D tax credit at the end of 2013 and our forecast for higher profits in the year. Historically, the R&D tax credit has expired and was later reinstated retroactively to its expiration date. In summary, were encouraged that a lot of hard work at TI over the past few years is producing results. Today, were a company firmly rooted in Analog and Embedded Processing  areas that have strong potential for growth and good profits that require low capital investments and, therefore, can generate a lot of cash. Although much of the heavy lifting associated with the structural improvement at TI is now behind us, our work is not done. The restructuring action we discussed today is a result of an on-going process at TI of review and continuous improvement. This process helps ensure we focus our investments on opportunities that have the best potential for sustainable growth and returns. With that, Ill turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Well take our first question from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse Securities: I guess, Ron, could you help me understand when you talk about these realignment actions, how big of a revenue pie did these costs kind of cover, and what was sort of the growth hurdle or the gross margin hurdle that you guys used to try to determine this sort of realignment of costs?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, I don't know that I can get into all of that detail, John. But clearly the embedded processing overall runs  I think last year was just about 20% of our revenue. The processor piece of that, I think we've probably communicated -- I can update it even for 2013  was 50% of our revenue last year. And again, that's where, I would say, most of the actions in embedded processing are taking place. And again, it's primarily in processors. I would say secondarily, we're taking some action inside of microcontrollers as well. But processors was about half the revenue. And, of course, not all of processors has been affected, but certain product lines within that. And then separately the action in Japan, last year Japan was about 9% of our total revenue. And again this is just more or less an action to. On one hand, we'll be consolidating some of the business activity that was previously in Japan just to other regions of the world where we can do it more efficiently. But then also we'll be effecting some of the sales and marketing activities in Japan, kind of to align those resources with that opportunity that we see in Japan going forward. So, do you have a follow-on, John?
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse Securities: Yes, just relative to the new segmentation with personal electronics being 37%. I'm just kind of curious, should that be an area where we see future realignment or do you feel given your cost structure, you can still go after the growth in that market? Is that sort of acceptable returns? How do I think about that 37% over time as a percent of the mix?
Kevin March: John, I would say that  if you take a look at that on the website, you'll see that its down a little bit year-over-year, and really what's going on there is the wind down of the legacy wireless. That's really the handset and the tablet space is coming down. We'll continue to be engaged in personal electronics, make no mistake about it. The biggest difference is that we'll be driving a lot more aggressively with our catalog products as opposed to custom products. And on the historical basis, the catalog products tend to have a much longer life to them and a much better margin profile to them than custom products do. So there won't be any overt change to our approach to personal electronics. It will just wind down on its own because of the wind down in legacy wireless, that was the biggest driver of that.
Operator: And we will go next to Doug Freedman of RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Freedman  RBC Capital Markets: Can you take a look or give us some insight into how far all of your acquisitions have been integrated? What you're talking about now on your restructuring front, it sounds like really end market related. Are there more efficiencies to be gained through further synergies that you might identify?
Kevin March: Doug, we haven't made an acquisition in a couple of years of any meaningful size and we've pretty much wound up the, if you will, the synergistic opportunities of that consolidation about a year ago now. So, there's not really much in the way of synergy as it relates to acquisitions going forward. What we're doing on this restructuring is just part of an ongoing exercise that we've actually done for a long time. They're usually of a smaller level, in this case, a little bit larger. But that's really looking at where we're spending our research dollars and looking at the market opportunity that those products from that research spend would go into. In this case, we've got some of the markets have matured or about to mature, which means, we don't need to have as many teams designing new parts for it or in other cases, we may have invested in certain markets where we had anticipated better growth and return opportunities. But those initial expectations have since been changed for a variety of reasons. So, there's really no acquisition synergies that I can think of to suggest to you. This is just really an ongoing process of dealing with the reality of market changes over time.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have follow-on, Doug?
Doug Freedman  RBC Capital Markets: Yes. My follow-up. There has been some concern in the industry as far as unit growth and the ability to grow revenue sort of above global GDP levels. We saw some interesting data out of the SIA recently showing some pretty steep declines in analog ASPs. Can you comment if you're seeing any change in the way either you or your competitors are approaching the business?
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know about competitors. But I can say that at TI, we have not reset our exceptions downward as you might be suggesting there from a growth standpoint. I think over the last few years global GDP has been certainly below normalized run rate and that certainly has affected our industry as well. But our view is that the markets that we serve being analog and embedded processing will likely grow on a unit basis. And frankly, from a revenue basis about 2x global GDP, we believe that for some time. Again, we're looking at longer term trends, not what happened over the last three years or even five years. Again, our view on that is unchanged.
Operator: We will go next to Christopher Danely of JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely  JPMorgan Securities: Just a question on the restructuring, how much of the cost savings will go into COGS versus OpEx and what do you think is going to be the revenue headwind by the end of the year in terms of taking these products out?
Kevin March: Chris, on the costs savings, again, we anticipate by the end of the year we'll be at about $130 million annualized cost savings as we exit the year. About 65% of that will probably be an R&D, about 20% in SG&A and about 15% in cost of revenue. As it relates to revenue there should be no impact on revenue. We're not eliminating products, we're not discontinuing products. These are products that have very long lives. What we're really dealing with here is that the rate of change in those markets have matured now in most cases and it no longer makes sense to continue to invest or invest as heavily as we have because there's just not growth window there.
Ron Slaymaker: And Chris, many of these markets that we view are maturing, frankly, you could double, you could triple the investment and not affect the revenue level, not affect the growth rate just because the nature of what the market trend overall is doing. So again, let me just reiterate. We said in the prepared remarks, but  Kevin just said it, there are no products being discontinued and we're not exiting any markets with this action. Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Christopher Danely  JPMorgan Securities: Yes. Can you guys just maybe give us kind of the status update on your end markets and what you expect to grow maybe the most personally [ph] the least for this year?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, I can do a part of that, which is the historical view. I don't think we want to try to extrapolate into a forecast for 2014. But let me just start with fourth quarter '13, and again, this information really is coming out of the database that I just grabbed we've put together for our new market framing. But again, fourth quarter, most end markets were down sequentially. The biggest driver of our revenue decline though was a seasonal decline in calculators. I think as we said before, that was half of the sequential dollar decline in the fourth quarter. Outside of that, personal electronics declined the most, followed by enterprise systems and industrial; and all three of those areas declined at single-digit percentage rate. Automotive and communications equipment were each about even sequentially. Just a little more color on some of those areas. Industrial, we saw strength in appliances and industrial displays, but that strength was offset  more than offset actually by broad-based declines elsewhere. In enterprise systems, really we saw weakness or declines there due to servers. And in personal electronics, we saw declines in TVs, gaming, and printers, and we saw strength sequentially in tablets. Moving to the full year 2013, industrial for TI, this is based for our revenue was up 7% that was driven by factory automation, building automation, appliances, medical and motor drive. Automotive was up 14% for TI in the year, driven by infotainment systems, as well as advanced driver assist systems and safety. Personal electronics revenue was down 18%, due to mobile phones and tablets as we wound down our legacy wireless business, followed by much smaller declines in other areas of personal electronics. Communications infrastructure for the year was up 4%, driven by both wireless infrastructure and enterprise switching. Enterprise systems for the year was down 8%, driven by servers and projectors, and then calculators declined 3% for the year.
Operator: And we will go next to Blayne Curtis of Barclays.
Blayne Curtis  Barclays Capital: I apologize if you answered this already. The decline in embedded, you had expected decline in processors. Is that greater than you were expecting and what is your trajectory this year for that business?
Ron Slaymaker: Blayne, let me first of all get some data in front of me. We saw and it's  are you talking about the sequential trend in fourth quarter there?
Blayne Curtis  Barclays Capital: Sequential decline into the December quarter, it was down double-digits.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes. And so I don't  to be honest, I don't have the data here on our forecast. I can't say that was  I again reiterate it was down double-digits as was connectivity. Microcontrollers was down also but to a much lesser degree, but I don't have the forecast data on processors to be able to say what it did versus our expectations. Do you have a follow-on, Blayne?
Blayne Curtis  Barclays Capital: Yes. I think someone asked this already. But just looking at the March quarter sequentially, do you see any of your segments growing? And if so, which ones and would you point out any segments that are outside of calculators that are down a significant amount?
Ron Slaymaker: Again, calculators will be typically flattish in the fourth to first transition. That's their typical seasonal pattern anyway. The only area that we really said we expect an additional decline is in legacy wireless where it will go from $54 million in the fourth quarter to be essentially gone in the first quarter. I think we described that already. Outside of those two areas, we don't really have comments in terms of end market trends that we expect to evidence in first quarter.
Operator: And we will go next to Stephen Chin of UBS.
Stephen Chin  UBS Securities: First question is on your automotive segment. Based off of the strong 14% growth that you just mentioned for last year, I was wondering if youd any color from downstream customers on inventory levels and supply chain and especially given the, I think comments from AutoNation last week about relatively high automotive inventories in the U.S., any comments on momentum there in the first half of the year?
Ron Slaymaker: Steve, I dont  I probably don't have anything more that we would have from a  that would be a unique perspective that TI provides. When you have somebody talk like AutoNation talking about inventory of automobiles, you have that data, we don't have any unique perspective. That's several layers below where we're selling into that, that supply chain. I'll speak more broadly that we believe inventory seems to be pretty well managed currently, if not lean. You heard my comments on distribution. Distribution inventories remain below 5.5 weeks, which again are lean. But anything in terms of a particular supply chain like automotive, we really don't have that granularity. But again, our general sense is inventory is not at all an issue more broadly into the markets that we're serving. Do you have a follow-on, Stephen?
Stephen Chin  UBS Securities: Yes. My follow-up is on gross margins and sort of relative to where your inventory levels are currently. If I'm not mistaken, in prior quarters you were able to build a little bit of strategic inventories, some of your longer shelf life products? And just given where the inventory levels are currently, would it be safe to say that you would not continue to build any more strategic inventory?
Kevin March: Stephen, on the inventory, we just closed the quarter at about 112 days of inventory, which is consistent with the model that we have for ourselves of carrying between 105 days and 115 days. And specifically, if you look at our balance sheet, you'll notice that during the fourth quarter, we drained our work-in-process and our finished goods increased somewhat. That's just reloading the factories to meet the lowered outlook that we had in the fourth quarter. We do expect in the first quarter to begin to reload the factories as we go forward. Inside that 112 days is the strategic inventory that you were talking about, which is our products that have long shelf lives, and we've been building that up for a couple of years now. And we'll continue to manage that at about these current levels.
Operator: And we will go next to Timothy Arcuri of Cowen & Co.
Timothy Arcuri  Cowen & Co.: Ron, can you talk  given the savings on the OpEx, can you talk a little bit about how OpEx is going to work its way through the year? Is there sort of anything out of the ordinary other than just how the $130 million gets  ratably impacts the P&L through the year?
Kevin March: Tim, let me go ahead and comment on that for Ron. The first thing to remember about OpEx is that it'll seasonally go up in first quarter. If you look over the last three or four years and just compute an average, you can see that on average we've probably got about 4% fourth quarter to first quarter. And you can expect an increase again in this first quarter as we start out 2014. As we flow through the year, the cost savings that we talked about as a result of the restructuring actions will begin to show up in the second half of the year, and by the time we leave the year, we'll have  we'll be at about $130 million annualized savings rate at that breakout that I mentioned earlier across R&D, SG&A and cost of revenue.
Ron Slaymaker: Tim, do you have a follow-on?
Timothy Arcuri  Cowen & Co.: I do, yes. So, if I look at analog's share, you've been talking about SVA gaining share this year. And if you just take seasonal December for the SIA, it looks like your share in analog basically was flat in '13 versus '12. So, is there something that maybe might start to kick-in in 2014 that is going to cause analog to gain share year-over-year?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, we'll see how our 2014 rolls out. I guess for starters based on the WSTS data that's been released through November, we believe we actually gained a small amount of share in analog. And by the way, I should note if we just look over the last few years, I guess I have data since 2009 in front of me. On average, we've gained analog share at probably 30 basis points to 40 basis points on average per year. We've gained in every one of those years. And the range has been pretty broad, I mean there were some years where we may be, I'll say, 10 basis points of gain and other years during that time period where we've gained over 100 basis points. So, I would say it's not necessarily a smooth curve in terms of market share gains, but at least it's consistent from the standpoint of what we believe we've gained share every year. And it's our expectation and our intention to continue doing that, including 2014. By the way everything I think I just said there, I could also apply to embedded processing. Although I would also say that embedded processing probably in 2013, our share stepped up a little more strongly in embedded processing than it did in analog last year. But again, market share is important to us. Everything I've also described about our market share gains was on an organic basis, so it's not comprehending acquisitions and the impact of National anything like that, but again we've been gaining share consistently and we expect to continue that. I guess, that was your follow on, Tim. Operator And we will go to Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: Recognizing it's a relatively small part of the business, are you managing the 8% year-over-year declines in servers as if that's a secular issue driven by server virtualization that some of the other companies have also highlighted, uniqueness in that area? Or do you think that was more of a cyclical issue in the sever market? Do you expect to bounce back in that area?
Kevin March: Well Jim, I'll comment on that. I can't specifically that we're managing servers by itself. We are looking at the entire compute space, notably hard disk drives for example. And noting what's been going on in total demand for hard disk drives and managing accordingly to what looks to be a secular decline as you pointed out Jim in that space. And so we've been adjusting our investment levels in that technology development and our staffing levels and so on to meet what we believe as a smaller market going forward than what we've seen in recent years.
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: In terms of the M&A outlook, I know, you'd just mentioned that you haven't done a deal in a couple of years and obviously, you guys have been so good about doing these deals over the years and then you have integrated and potentially over time, you've looked at others. If you do not do a deal in the next couple of years, do you think it would be because you really don't find one that's for sale that makes sense or do you just really not think that incremental deals make sense regardless of whether they're available from here?
Kevin March: Jim, I'd say it's more the first, not the latter. That is, when we take a look at potential acquisitions, we look real hard at the numbers and we've got to be able to make sense of the numbers. Namely, weve got to be able to get a return on that investment that exceeds our weighted average cost of capital in a reasonable timeframe, which we define as three years to four years. So, if we can't get past the numbers, then we just simply step aside and wait for an opportunity to come at a later date. So, really a numbers driven analysis as we look at M&A.
Operator: And we will go next to Ambrish Srivastava of Bank of Montreal.
Ambrish Srivastava  BMO Capital Markets-US: A question on the divergence and I know that every quarter both the businesses will not track around the same levels. But embedded was down a lot more on a Q-over-Q basis versus analog. What was driving that?
Ron Slaymaker: Ambrish, I think it's very similar to what you said. I don't know that it's just the markets that embedded sells into. In this case we noted that the processor area was down more than other areas. Obviously, you're going to have different customers, you're going to have different markets, but they're both very diverse businesses, but they're not uniformly consistent in terms of the customers, the markets that they're selling into. Beyond that, we don't have a specific color for you yet.
Ambrish Srivastava  BMO Capital Markets-US: Going back to the comments you made earlier on, at the top of the call, you mentioned that you're feeling a little more and I don't want to paraphrase the word, but the message was you're feeling better about 2014 than you did heading into 2013. Is that just to do with the new rationalized product portfolio or is that a comment based on what you're seeing from the end markets?
Ron Slaymaker: I think it's both to be honest. I'll make some comments, then Kevin probably has some things as to how he's feeling as well. But I'd say first of all, the strength and position of where we are today in analog and embedded is a big factor. Having those two product lines now making up 82% of our revenue going out of the year in the fourth quarter, frankly, is a great feeling and positions us  you know as well as any Ambrish, how long the wind-down of that wireless revenue was. Having that wind-down behind us, such that the top line growth of the company can reflect lot of the good things that we're doing, a lot of the potential that analog and embedded have embedded in them is just great. I think also more specifically, the overall environment in terms of the markets that we're selling those products into, and frankly, just areas of strategic focus, such as we've said, industrial is really important to us. Automotive is really important to us. The strength of those markets and frankly our position in those markets, not that our position is so strong that it saturated, we like the fact that we have lots of headroom for growth and market share gains. But we also like the design position we have there. And then maybe just a little more tactically, coming out of fourth quarter, our book-to-bill was strong, exiting the year than it was a year ago, and we also have good backlog coverage coming into the first quarter as well. So, those are the kinds of things that I know we look at. Kevin, do you have anything else you would add?
Kevin March: Yes, Ambrish, I'd probably just say, on a macro level, looking at the total economy, the U.S. economy clearly seems to be stepping up its growth, Europe appears to have stopped declining, and it appears that China has stabilized, and those are three big economic regions of the world. So youve got to feel better about that at this stage, starting 2014 than we did 12 months ago starting 2013, with the uncertainty we're all staring at in those three economies. And then again, a bit more tactically to what Ron was talking. If you look back a year ago, the sum of analog and embedded processing was 74% of TI, today it's 82%. A year ago, analog and embedded processing were down quarter-over-quarter, 9% on revenue in fourth quarter and flat year-over-year. Fast forward to this year and not only is analog and embedded processing bigger in percent and it's also bigger in dollar terms, it was only down 5% quarter-over-quarter and is up 12% year-over-year. So, we've got real momentum going, as we move into 2014. So, you take the macro look, you take a TI specific as the portfolio is finishing its restructuring, and you got to feel pretty good about how we're going to start 2014 and what the year might hope for us.
Operator: We will take our next question from Tore Svanberg of Stifel Nicolaus.
Tore Svanberg  Stifel Nicolaus: First, I had a capital management question. So, last year was pretty unusual $4 billion, and $1.3 billion I think you said came from stock option exercises. I know obviously you don't have a crystal ball on this. But could you just give us a rough sense as we look into 2014, what we can expect as far as free cash flow generation? And especially, maybe handicapping, the year's stock option exercises?
Kevin March: Tore, I do wish I had a crystal ball to help out with that particular question, but like you, I'm lacking on that right now. I would say that we would expect that the exercises are going to be lower next year than they were this past year. But I would also just put aside any concern about that because frankly, we just use the cash proceeds from those exercises to buy back shares. So it doesn't really impact what we've been able to do to share count for our stockholders. I believe in early March, we're going to have -- as Ron mentioned, we're going to have a capital management strategy update and that will be a really good time to ask some of these questions. I'll take you a little deeper into some of what we're thinking on, on where we're going with capital management at that time.
Tore Svanberg  Stifel Nicolaus: Also do you have any CapEx and R&D estimates for the year? I know in the past, sometimes you've at least given the R&D guidance for the year. Just wondering if you can do that again this year.
Kevin March: Yes, but I'd say, going forward, you're not going to be getting that from us anymore, Tore. The CapEx guidance that well give you simply is a band that we talk about around our revenue, meaning that our target is 4% to 7% of revenue, on any one year. And we expect that  given the size of our manufacturing footprint today, we don't expect to be pushing above the lower end of the range. In other words, probably more around 4% of that range of revenue, until we hit about $18 billion of revenue. So, from a CapEx guidance, that's how I'd suggest you -- you'll hear the modeling from us going forward, and not a specific number. And on R&D, frankly we're reaching a point now where it's pretty stable and it should probably just kind of grow with paying [ph] benefit increases over time and with the top line revenue growth over time. So, based upon that, we're not going to be providing R&D guidance going forward. You'll be able to just take a look at our results and it'll be pretty straightforward for you to model that going forward.
Ron Slaymaker: And I think, Tore, the other one I would comment on is, we've also historically given annual guidance for depreciation. But again given that depreciation is so gapped these days from CapEx and frankly, it's a multi-year lagging indicator versus our CapEx trend. So, it just doesn't seem to us to be an especially useful number and from a guidance standpoint and clearly you guys can go up and make some assumptions of what that may be just given what our capital spending trends have been.
Operator: We will take our next question from Vivek Arya of Bank of America.
Vivek Arya  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Actually both my questions are about different end markets. So first on the wireless infrastructure market, if you could give us a sense for whether some of the restructuring you're doing on the processor side. Does that impact the ability to benefit from all these 4G LTE deployments, or am I just feeding too much into that, then there isn't; any connection in that case, what are the trends that you are seeing in that market?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Vivek, I would say that, first of all, we don't believe anything that we are doing here is going to impact our ability to benefit from LTE deployments. And again, a lot of those  and that does not mean that the base station area is not an area where we're seeing some resource reductions, it is. But just in general, LTE we are already very well positioned across those various customers, our system-on-a-chip products have been out in the market for some time. And so we just have a great position as LTE continues to deploy. As to the comment -- let me just talk maybe more broadly and I'll start at the embedded processing level and then drill down into some of your comps infrastructure question. But let me say, again, just you heard us give the numbers, but embedded processing has really delivered strong growth this year. That came out of areas like catalog, microcontrollers, specifically product lines like the MSP430, the C2000. It came out of areas like connectivity, processors for automotive markets, processors for industrial markets. So, those areas that have been driving and producing growth, we will continue to invest as aggressively as we have in the past. The reductions that we're making are, as I said before, primarily processors, and then secondarily, in some of the product areas in MCU. So, within processors, I would identify areas like IP cameras and certain areas of communications infrastructure, or frankly, the future growth just doesn't merit our current levels of investment. Now, to specifically  kind of your question about LTE and base stations more broadly, I guess I don't want to go into a lot of specifics there, except to say again, comms infrastructure is an area that will receive fewer resources. And it's based on our view that parts of the macro base station market are maturing. On the flip side, small cell is an emerging opportunity for us and we'll continue to invest accordingly there. But even in the maturing areas of base station, as I started off here, we believe our revenue will continue for a very long time given the breadth of our position and the long lives of the equipment that we're already engaged with there. So, hopefully that provides you some color as to what we're doing in comms infrastructure. Do you have a follow-on, Vivek?
Vivek Arya  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, Ron, actually I had thought about asking you about the PC market. But instead what I'll ask you is, in the market it's always about what have you done for me lately. And last year the TI story was about the benefits you got from exiting wireless, the really strong capital returns. And now I think for this year, what we're hearing is a sort of the same. So what is really the next catalyst that can help you either outflow the market or provide much superior returns than what we are seeing from the peer group? So, really, what is the value proposition for outsize invest for overweighting TI this year?
Kevin March: Well, Vivek, I think that there is a number of opportunities in front of us that we've got going on here. You've seen some pretty strong growth rates that we just talked about in the areas we've been focusing our attention on for a number of years now: analog and embedded processing. We talk about the fact that we're returning 100% of our free cash flow, thats what we use for debt. But we also have a plenty of room to grow with very little need to spend that much more to grow and I'm talking specifically about our manufacturing footprint. If you take a look at the very cost-effective factories that we've put into play over the last couple of years and the low-level of CapEx that takes for us now to keep those factories going, the incremental margin and cash flow opportunity from those factories is extremely attractive. In addition to that, we've just got the overall growing space in industrial and automotive which tend to be not only quite long-lived revenue profiles, but also quite attractive margin profiles. Again, those products run across those inexpensive factories and just help generate ample amounts of cash. So, I think from an investor standpoint, there are quite a few things to continue to look forward to, which is really our ability to continue to grow at the kind of rates that we're doing now inside the analog and embedded processing and leveraging the very inexpensive factories we put in place to generate a lot of cash.
Ron Slaymaker: So, Vivek, let me make a couple of other comments. I think a lot of our long-term oriented investors clearly looked through the wireless transition, frankly, even over the last few years into what TI was becoming, and that was the value proposition for them; a company focused on very diverse markets of analog and embedded processing that didn't require a lot of capital, that generated a lot of cash and then, as you pointed out, they liked management's commitments to return that cash to them. I would kind of take a different view from what you described with some of the other investors because investors  a lot of investors I've talked to last year, the year before, the year before, the response was, give me a -- we like what you're doing in wireless, give me a call when you're out of it and that no longer represents a headwind for your growth. So, for investors that have been sitting on the sideline, because of the concern that wireless represented such a significant headwind to growth, I think the value proposition for them is clear. It's no longer there and the growth that we've been producing in analog and embedded is no longer going to be an obstacle for top line growth and for a lot of those investors, that frankly our growth hasn't screened very well in the past, that's not going to be an issue going forward. So, just my two cents' worth on that topic.
Operator: And we will go next to Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Two quick ones. What would you say your new targets are if they've changed at all, for the growth rate in embedded as well as your operating margin goal in embedded given the restructuring actions?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. I would just say first of all, in terms of growth rate target, absolutely no change. Again, I think embedded did a good job on growth last year. Frankly, we would have liked to have seen that growth come through at a higher level of profitability overall for the business but growth has not been an issue. And to the extent that we've tried to describe for you, our investments in the areas that are growing in embedded will continue unabated. So, our expectations for a growth in embedded are absolutely unchanged. And I think you'll continue to see good results there. In terms of profitability and margin objective, I guess what I would say, Ross, is I know we've provided some numbers in the past. But in fact, I'll say what we've said in the past because I'm sure you have them in your notes there. I think in September 2012 investor meeting, our manager there described that his growth margin targets were 55% to 60%; operating margin target was about 30%. What I would say is, in general, a well-run company focused on the embedded processing market opportunity, we think has potential for a financial profile consistent with those types of numbers. That being said, I don't think  what we're going to do with this segment is very similar to what we've done for analog and not the communicating specific gross margin and operating margin targets and progress going forward. But again, clearly, our objectives are much higher than where that business ran last year and ran fourth quarter. Do you have a follow-on, Ross?
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: I do. I can't let Kevin get away with the whole conference call without somebody asking about the gross margin. Kevin, any help on the puts and takes for the first quarter as we look at the gross margin? It seems to imply at the midpoints of everything that it's down a little bit, but just want to double check on that.
Kevin March: Ross, you're right, I won't give you specific guidance. But I'll give you some high level things to think about. Clearly as we came through the fourth quarter, we were taking our factory starts down through the quarter. As we go in the first quarter, we're taking our factory starts up, and thats on the expectation of a normally stronger second quarter for us. The result of that is going to be that while starts will be higher in the first quarter than they were in the fourth quarter, the average utilization won't really change that much. So just based upon that and the timing of moving the wafers through the factories and through the assembly test sites, we would probably see a little bit of gross margin headwind as we bring those factories back up, but not a large amount.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. With that, my clock shows that it is 5.30. So we are going to wrap up at this point. I'd like to thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website and good evening.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you again for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-21 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker - Vice President of Investor Relations Kevin P. March - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division David Wong Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference call. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and relevant non-GAAP reconciliations on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for December 9. At that time, we expect to adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate. This was a good quarter for TI. Revenue came in just above the midpoint of our guidance range, growing 6% sequentially and growing 10% if you exclude legacy wireless revenue, which declined to less than 2% of TI revenue in the quarter. Analog and Embedded Processing increased to 80% of TI revenue. The improved quality of our revenue is reflected in record gross margin in the quarter. Kevin will discuss this more in a few minutes. Revenue growth in the quarter was supported by some of the vertical markets that were especially weak in the second quarter, including computing, game consoles and handset revenue outside of our legacy wireless revenue. Revenue from the communications infrastructure market continued to grow in the quarter. These areas were complemented by a continued strength in our automotive and industrial revenue. From a year ago, revenue declined 4% due to the decrease in legacy wireless revenue. Excluding this revenue, we grew 3% from the year-ago quarter. On this basis, this was the first quarter of year-on-year growth since the third quarter of 2012. Again, excluding legacy wireless, we expect growth to accelerate to 8% in the fourth quarter at the middle of our guidance range. The strength of our business model not only provides strong profitability, it also gives us confidence that we can sustainably generate $0.20 to $0.25 of free cash flow for every dollar of revenue. This metric is especially important to our shareholders as our capital management strategy is to return all of our free cash flow to them, except what is needed to repay debt. When measured over the trailing 12 months, free cash flow was 24% of revenue. Over that same period, we returned 133% of free cash flow to shareholders. In the third quarter alone, we returned $1 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. Earnings in the third quarter were above our expected range, a result of better-than-expected revenue and gross profit, tight operating expense control and some help from discrete tax items. Let me walk through a few details of revenue. Analog revenue grew 11% sequentially. All 4 Analog product lines contributed to this growth, although Power Management was up the most, followed by High Volume Analog & Logic. These areas benefited from sequential growth across many markets, including those vertical markets that were impacted by inventory reductions in the second quarter. Embedded Processing revenue grew 8% sequentially, with processors up the most, followed by growth in microcontrollers and connectivity. Processors were driven by applications processor sales into consumer and automotive applications and DSP sales into industrial applications. Microcontrollers were lifted mostly by sales of MSP430 products into industrial applications, as well as sales of microcontrollers into automotive safety applications. In our Other segment, sequential growth in both product areas was offset by decline in legacy wireless. Legacy wireless revenue fell by $91 million to $57 million as we had expected. This decline was partially offset by growth in calculators and in custom ASIC revenue, which grew as a result of communications infrastructure. Royalties also grew, and DLP product revenue was about even. Turning to distribution. Resales grew 9% sequentially. Distributors' inventory levels declined by about a day to just over 5 weeks. Now Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin P. March: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. This quarter, gross profit was $1.78 billion, up 13% sequentially. Gross margin was a record 54.8% of revenue and expanded 330 basis points sequentially. I think it is useful to compare this quarter's gross margin to that of the third quarter of 2010, wherein our last high-water mark for gross margin was set at 54.5%. In that earlier quarter, revenue was $3.74 billion, up -- 15% higher than our revenue this past quarter. Factory utilization in that earlier quarter was 8 points higher and our manufacturing capacity was lower since we have not yet brought online our cost-efficient, 300-millimeter analog wafer fab in Richardson, Texas or our yet to be acquired wafer fab in Chengdu, China. We were also still in the early stages of ramping our recently acquired Aizu Japan wafer fab. In addition, Analog and Embedded Processing were also much smaller then, contributing 60% of our revenue at that time. The conclusion one can draw from this is that due to the structural changes that we've made at TI over the past few years, the quality of our revenue is much higher today. It is more diverse, more profitable and less capital intensive; and we remain better positioned to support future growth from a manufacturing capacity standpoint. Continuing to operating expense. Combined R&D and SG&A expense of $833 million was reduced by $27 million sequentially. Acquisition charges were $86 million, unchanged from last quarter. Almost all of this amount is the ongoing amortization of intangibles, which is a noncash expense. The restructuring charges and other line of our income statement transitioned from a $282 million gain last quarter to a $16 million charge this quarter. As a reminder, last quarter's gain was due to the transfer of wireless connectivity technology to a customer. This quarter's charge is associated with the shutdown costs from the previously announced factory closings in Houston and Hiji, Japan. Operating profit was $844 million or 26% of revenue. Our tax rate in the quarter was 23%, a point below our 24% annual effective tax due to discrete items that were included in the third quarter. Our annual effective tax rate is unchanged and 24% is the rate you should use in your models for the fourth quarter. Net income in the third quarter was $629 million or $0.56 per share, which includes $0.01 of discrete tax benefits. Let me now comment on our capital management strategy, starting with cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.15 billion in the quarter. We increased our inventory by $6 million compared with the prior quarter. Inventory days increased by 1 day to 106 days, consistent with our model of 105 to 115 days. Capital expenditures were $124 million in the quarter and free cash flow was $1.03 billion. On a trailing 12-month basis, cash flow from operations was $3.27 billion, about the same as a year ago. Trailing 12 months' capital expenditures were $402 million, down 27% from the year ago. As a result, free cash flow was $2.87 billion, up 4% from a year ago. Free cash flow was 24% of revenue for the trailing 12-month period, within our expected range of 20% to 25% of revenue. In the year-ago trailing 12 months period, free cash flow was 21% of revenue. Capital expenditures for the past 12 months were 3% of revenue. Our continued low capital spending level is a direct result of the strong capacity position that we have built with our strategic investments of the past few years. The cash flow that will result as we continue to fill up this capacity should be stronger in the years ahead. I'll note that depreciation expense for the past 12 months exceeded our capital expenditures by $496 million. As a percent of revenue, depreciation was more than 400 basis points higher than our capital expenditures. This is one of the reasons why our free cash flow has been trending higher than our net income. Of course, as depreciation declines at the rate of capital spending over the next few years, gross margin will benefit. Another reason why free cash flow has trended higher than net income is the noncash amortization expense of $80 million to $85 million per quarter, that will remain on our income statement for another 6 years. For the past 12 months, amortization expense was $339 million or about 3% of revenue. And as we've said, strong cash flow, particularly cash flow -- free cash flow, means that we can continue to provide significant cash returns to our shareholders. In the third quarter, TI paid $308 million in dividends and repurchased $734 million of our stock. Our capital management strategy is to return all of our free cash flow to shareholders, except for what we need to repay debt. In the last year, we reduced our debt level by $500 million. Free cash flow was $2.87 billion and we returned a total of $3.82 billion to shareholders or 133% of free cash flow. We've been able to return more than our free cash flow because proceeds from exercises of employee stock options, totaling $1.28 billion over the past 12 months, have also been an additional source of cash for the company. To break out the cash return, in the past 12 months, we repurchased $2.7 billion of our stock or 95% of free cash flow. Similarly, we paid $1.08 billion in dividends or 38% of our free cash flow. Fundamental to our cash return strategy and our cash management and our tax practices, we ended the third quarter with $3.59 billion of cash and short-term investments, with 82% of that amount owned by TI's U.S. entities. Because our cash is largely onshore, it's readily available for a variety of uses, including paying dividends and repurchasing our stock. TI orders were about even sequentially and our book-to-bill ratio was 0.97, consistent with seasonal declines in the fourth quarter. We expect TI revenue in the range of $2.86 billion to $3.10 billion in the fourth quarter. At the middle of this range, revenue would decline 8% sequentially, with about half of that decline coming from the seasonal drop in calculators. The remainder of the decline is consistent with the semiconductor industry's pattern over the past 3 years: 2010, 2011 and 2012, as well as our own history over that same period when legacy wireless revenue is excluded. In the fourth quarter, legacy wireless products should decline to about $50 million. We continue to expect that revenue from these products will essentially be gone as we enter next year. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.42 to $0.50. In summary, we believe the third quarter provides a preview of what TI is capable of producing as a company focused on Analog and Embedded Processing. The improved quality of our revenue is evident from the higher gross margin and free cash flow generation compared with our past. We also believe our top line performance and potential will become more evident without the steady headwind of declining wireless revenue in the past few years. Our manufacturing capacity position remains strong and we have a good opportunity for continued growth, while maintaining our capital expenditures at lower levels in the years ahead. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Ron, I guess my first question, just relative to that consumer bucket of computing, gaming and handsets, can you just give us a sense of how much that represented of the overall business in the September quarter and how much that was up versus the rest of the businesses sequentially?
Ron Slaymaker: John, probably the best I can do is help you understand the weight of each of those segments. I don't have the growth broken out by each of those areas for you. But let me just kind of go through real quickly the weighting of our end market exposure, which I can let you then play with to make some assumptions on. Comps in total were 27% -- and this is first half '13 data -- computing, 23%; industrial, 23%; consumer, 11%; automotive, 13%; and education, 3%. So again, the reason we called out the 3 areas was because I think in second quarter, we called them out as especially weak. And in fact, we also said that in our outlook for third quarter, we expected that they would recovery -- recover. And keep in mind, the reason they were weak in the second quarter was because customers in those areas were depleting inventories ahead of the anticipated new product launches in second half, which we are now well into. So those new product launches were what was driving -- were a factor in those areas that was driving growth. Again, comms infrastructure was already strong and growing in second quarter. It continues in third quarter; as was automotive and industrial, strong second quarter continued as well into the third quarter. Do you have a follow-on, John?
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I do. This is for Kevin. Just on the incremental gross margin, Kevin, if you look at both the June and September quarter, your incremental gross margin, both quarters were over 100%. I guess I'm just kind of curious, to what extent was that just the wireless business declining? Do I think about a 30% type gross margin there? And then more importantly, when the legacy -- when the wireless business is down to 0, how should I think about incremental gross margin from there?
Kevin P. March: Yes, John. On the -- I'll answer the last part first. The incremental gross margin from our analysis in the past, over the course of the cycle averages about 75% up and down. In any one quarter, it really actually works out to that number tends to be pretty noisy in any one quarter but over time, about 75% and that's what we do for internal planning purposes. As it relates to the most recent quarter, you're right, the fall-through was about 106%. So it's certainly a pretty rich fall-through. And part of that was mix, but part of that also was improved factory utilization as we had higher revenues this quarter than the prior quarter. And so consequently, we had a slight utilization benefit as well.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Maybe from a high level, if you can just talk about now that we have -- you definitely showed increasing year-over-year growth. September was up and then December accelerating, although off of a pretty easy compare. For the full year, Analog growth seems more like a few percent. So if you could just talk about now that we have a full picture for the year, do you think there's anything going on in the Analog bucket? Or do you think that this is kind of representative of what the overall market is going?
Ron Slaymaker: Blayne, I think the year is not done and right now, there's kind of a lot of point spreads being made for our fourth quarter but we really need to wait until we get into January to understand what the final score is. But I think we feel pretty confident that 2013 when the final scores are in, we'll show market share gains once again for TI. So again, we have to push through the fourth quarter but we believe, just as you've seen over the past few years, once again, we'll be gaining share in 2013 for Analog overall. Do you have a follow-on?
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then just if you can provide some color as to within the segments in Analog, which one you're seeing the -- if there's any material difference between the subsegments. It looked like Power was up a bunch, if I have my numbers right, in September, if you could talk about the growth driver there. And then where you see the biggest declines into December.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. I think in the case of Power, Power had a strong quarter. But also, you used the term earlier, easy compare. It was one that's probably more impacted by weakness, so the inventory reductions and some of those vertical areas in the second quarter. So in the third quarter, its growth was very broad-based, but it also benefited from recovery in some of those vertical markets and then I would say the same for HVAL. So if you look at third quarter, probably because those vertical markets layered on growth to what was already a reasonable base of industrial and automotive, Power and HVAL both grew faster than the catalog spaces of HPA and SVA. Yet I think if you go back to first half of the year and especially second quarter, you probably saw more relative strength in SVA and HPA. So I guess to put it all together, they're all pulling well in terms of growth in 2013 thus far. We'll see where it takes, again, where we go through fourth quarter. But some quarters, you've had more strength out of SVA or HPA and other quarters, as in third quarter, more coming out of Power and HVAL. Okay, Blayne, thank you for your questions.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Doug Freedman with RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Kevin, can you give us an idea of what sort of we should be thinking for the other operating expenses? I know it seems to be moving around. I do know you had the assets last quarter. But x the asset sale, still a reasonable bit of spending there, can you give us some idea of what we should be budgeting for next year in terms of that line on the income statement?
Kevin P. March: Doug, I'm going to try to make sure I've got what you're asking for. OpEx overall for the company, our model is to run between 20% and 25% of revenue, depending upon where we're at in overall revenue demand. And most of that spending is actually inside the Analog and Embedded Processing segment. So it's relatively small levels of ongoing support spending inside the Other segment, a little bit of R&D inside the Other segment for DLP technologies. But other than that, pretty small. The larger numbers you'll see passing through the Other as we go forward will be the continued amortization of intangibles, which will run about $85 million a quarter as we go through 2014. And that will eventually decline into about $80 million a quarter. And keep in mind, that will stay there for 6 years until that finally winds down. In addition, that falls through where we tend to record any restructuring charges. So the restructuring charges that we just had this past quarter, over $16 million, and those also were recorded in the Other segment. As we look into the fourth quarter, I'd expect that you'll see acquisition charges continue at about the $85 million, $86 million level. And you'll see probably a final restructuring charges associated with the closure of our Hiji and Houston factories of about $20 million in the fourth quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: And Doug, I think if you look at the income statement for the company, all of the -- for the entire period of comparison here over the last 4 quarters, all of the acquisition charges and restructuring other line are directly from that Other segment. So with that, you can then, if you want to extract that out to see what R&D and SG&A trends have been in that Other segment, you'll see both -- you won't see them independently. But the combination of R&D and SG&A has gone down whether you look at it year-over-year or whether you look at it sequentially. And again, a large -- that's largely driven by the reductions in legacy wireless as Kevin noted. All right, Doug, do you have a follow-on question?
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes. For my follow-on, if we look at the Embedded Processing business, that business growing nicely but not necessarily delivering the operating margins of the corporate average. Can you talk about what you're doing as far as the operating margin leverage to that business?
Kevin P. March: Yes. Doug, as you may recall, we spent a couple years significantly increasing our investments in that segment, particularly as it relates to microcontroller portion of that particular segment. We've taken that spending up to a level now that doesn't need to increase anymore. And really, what that business unit has focused on is the top line growth. They get rather attractive gross margins off their -- off the parts when they ship them. It's really about diversifying the revenue base and getting more overall top line growth to fall through to the bottom line. That's really what you just saw quarter-over-quarter. It's that top line growth came through rather nicely to the bottom line.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Doug. Thanks for your questions.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First one is on operating expenses for the quarter. It looks like you guys saw OpEx decline about 3% versus the original guidance for down 2%. Wondering if there's any timing or any -- or how you guys were able to do better than your original guidance, and what the expectation process was?
Kevin P. March: Yes. So since -- OpEx, we did guide to down about 2%, but we're able to keep a pretty tight handle on spend in the quarter and so it came in a little bit lower than we had originally planned, which, frankly, just dropped by to the bottom line and produced extra earnings per share for our shareholders. As we look into the fourth quarter, we typically have some seasonality in the fourth quarter, what with the holidays for Thanksgiving and during the Christmas break. And so we'd expect to see OpEx probably decline somewhere in the 3% to 5% range as we move into the fourth quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Do you have a follow-on, Stephen?
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, one question on the Embedded Processing division, particularly the microprocessors. So with the MSP430 that you mentioned, I was wondering, is the consumer or wireless segment an area where you're looking to be more aggressive on expanding the sales of your MC products?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, I think probably the way to think about it, Stephen, is probably the biggest driver of growth for microcontrollers will be industrial. These are catalog devices that go into lots and lots and lots of different applications. That being said, we're not -- if there's growth in other end markets or growth opportunities in other end markets, we'll certainly pursue them. But our expectation is that industrial will likely be the largest driver going forward. And that's for the microcontrollers. For the processor side of the business, I would say we would expect comms infrastructure certainly is part of that revenue and an important end market for us. But similarly, we sell DSP products into lots of different applications. And the broader applications are going to be just as important, maybe even more important, than communications infrastructure going forward. And that's not -- that's not anything negative about communications infrastructure, it's just we have great market share, very high market share already in communications infrastructure, where there's still a lot of opportunity in some of these other areas for us to experience not only the rapid growth of that end market, but also rapid market share gains as well. Okay, Stephen, thank you for your question. And one of the things I should further delineate is when I'm talking about industrial likely being the fastest grower for microcontrollers, let me also more broadly include automotive in that as well, because that is a great opportunity that we're very well positioned with those products there. Okay, Stephen. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Tristan Gerra with Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Your R&D spending as a percent of revenue is fairly low relative to some of your high-value peers. So what leads you to believe that you can maintain the growth, gain market share and the mix? Or do you think that there's a possibility of poising [ph] your R&D over time?
Kevin P. March: Yes, Tristan. Let me just, again, remind everybody of the R&D that you're seeing for TI. The R&D spend that we've had in the Analog segment has been at a pretty consistent level versus the revenues of that business for quite a few years now. And the fact of the matter is, the reality is, that, that R&D spend is being converted fairly efficiently into revenue growth to the point where that business continues to outgrow its competitors and gain market share each year. So I would offer to you that, that's actually a very efficient organization when it comes to our R&D spend. I can't explain why some of their competitors have to spend as much as they do. Similarly, in Embedded Processing, we've increased the spending over there, as I mentioned to the last question, over the last couple of years, largely to expand the opportunities that we can pursue in the microcontroller space. And so after bringing up that level of spending for a couple of years now, I'd say it's high enough at this point. And we now need to see it start converting into real revenue growth, which we're starting to see early signs of. When you look at total TI R&D, it is coming down product sharply. And that's purely a function of us winding down the legacy wireless products, including the announcement that we had that we're closing some of our operations and sites as it relates to that and that will take our total R&D spend down as we go forward. But on the core products of Embedded Processing and Analog, I have no hesitation of being comfortable with the level of R&D spend that we have in those areas today.
Ron Slaymaker: And Tristan, let me also just offer, in the Analog space, I would argue we're probably spending more than any of our competitors. You're looking as a percent of revenue, but if you look at absolute dollars, yes, yes, we're bigger in terms of revenue, but we're spending more than any competitor that I'm aware about in that space. So it's not like we're not investing in that business. We're investing quite heavily. All right, do you have a follow-on, Tristan?
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Certainly. And that's very useful. The part of your business that's non-consigned business, so distribution, is your Q4 revenue guidance embedding shipments about in line with end demand? Or any variance that you can mention relative to end demand and sell-in?
Ron Slaymaker: Oh, Tristan, I don't know that we have a real breakout in terms of the outlook between consigned versus non-consigned. We're really looking at it just in terms of what we shipped in -- or what we're shipping into that channel. So I don't specifically know the answer to that. I will point, if you just back to third quarter anyway as a reference point, I think we said TI's total revenue, excluding the legacy wireless, grew 10%; and our resales or sales out of the distribution channel, grew 9%. So you saw a very close alignment in the third quarter. I just don't have any specific data to share with respect to fourth quarter. The other thing I'll say, even with third quarter, we had a decline of a day of distribution inventory level. All right. Tristan, thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I had one quick one on OpEx. Your R&D guide for the year still puts you about $1.5 billion, which would not -- which you said OpEx will be down like 4% and the midpoint of that would imply R&D down like 12%. Are you just rounding down to that $1.5 billion? Maybe could you give us a little more color on your expectations after the R&D and the assumptions around the OpEx?
Kevin P. March: Yes. Stacy, we do round to the nearest hundred million on all of these guidance numbers we give you, be it R&D or CapEx or any of the others. So in fact, there will be some rounding [indiscernible] there. But keep in mind also, the OpEx guidance I gave includes SG&A as well. And we will see that decline in the fourth quarter, really, on the seasonal patterns I mentioned a moment ago with the holiday periods going on.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Stacy?
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I do. And just around, again, gross margins. It sounds like you got a bit more restructuring left over from the 6-inch fab closures in Q4. Have the benefits from those closures fully impacted gross margins? I think, in total, it was supposed to be about 75 basis points. And if they haven't fully impacted yet, can you give us some feelings for the trajectory of that impact on the margins?
Kevin P. March: Yes, Stacy. What we talked about when we announced that we were closing the -- those 2 over-6-inch factories is that once each one of them was closed, we'd see about $50 million per factory of cost savings on an annualized basis. One of those factories did close at the end of the second quarter, and the other one should close here in the fourth quarter. So we're beginning to see -- excuse me, third quarter. So we're beginning to see in the third quarter already partial benefit from that, and we should begin to see the benefit from that second factory closure materialize in the fourth quarter. So going into next year, we'll begin to see that $100 million of annualized cost savings as a result of closing those 2 older factories.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Stacy, thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First one, just on the Q4 outlook, I just wanted to make sure if there's been any downshift or conservatism regarding Q4 outlook. Because I think heading into the quarter, there was an expectation that looked macro trends are improving. Industrial businesses are doing better. There is this comms infrastructure build that the broader Analog industrial players would be able to give above-seasonal guidance. Maybe it was optimism. But since then, we have just seen sort of seasonal or slightly below seasonal outlook from Linear, from Cypress; and now, you're also guiding somewhat below Street expectations. So my first question is, has there been any conservatism regarding Q4 outlook? And specifically, what segments do you think will be at seasonal patterns versus below seasonal patterns for Q4?
Kevin P. March: Yes, Vivek. I'll go ahead and make some comments on that and let Ron add some additional color. But the -- if you take a look at our guidance, the midpoint of our guidance is down about 8%, third quarter going into forth. About half of that is just the seasonal decline that we normally get with the roll-off of the calculator business. So the other half is pretty much attributable to our underlying semiconductor business. If you take a look at -- we actually believe that, that's probably quite seasonal and, in fact, quite consistent. If you take a look, as I mentioned, in my prepared remarks, 2010, 2011, 2012, the semi industry as a whole, excluding memory, in fact has seen fourth quarter declines from third quarter in each of those past 3 years. And based upon the guidance that we're hearing from some of the other competitors, ourselves included, it looks like we're stepping up for our fourth quarter of -- a fourth year of 4Q declines. In fact, if you take a look at TI and extract out the wireless revenue, you'll see that our revenues have gone down in the fourth quarter of each of those same years, similar to the industry. And in fact, when you just do the simple math during those last 3 years for the industry, it's down about 4%. So in fact, I don't think that we're suggesting that there's some changed outlook or changed future. In fact, I would offer to you that fourth quarter appears to be shaping up quite normally to us. When we take a look at our third quarter orders, they were actually up about 1% sequentially. Our distribution inventories, as Ron mentioned, were down about a day. And they remain quite lean with our distributors as well as our other customers. Our cancellations remain very low, and we've had no unusual requests for backlog push-outs. So when we put all that together, that suggests to us that the fourth quarter is shaping up to be a normal demand environment, similar to what we've seen for the last -- certainly the last 3 years.
Ron Slaymaker: Vivek, I think the other thing I would just add is even when we talked to you at the mid-quarter update, I -- somebody asked questions about order trends and I remember saying at that point that orders quarter-to-date have been strong. Book-to-bill was above 1, but that we expected that to slow as we approach the end of the quarter basically as we -- for a couple of factors. One, just seasonality in general, both calculators as well as semiconductors. So don't -- was there a slowing through the end of the quarter? Yes. But also, we expected that slowing would occur, and it pretty much happens almost every year and certainly has happened, as Kevin just pointed out, each of the last 3 years. Do you have a follow-on, Vivek?
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, Ron, a very helpful clarification. So as my follow-up, I just wanted to make sure. Kevin, did you say that tax rate for Q4 will be 24%; or for the full year, it would be 24%? And then the real question is on dividends and buybacks, I think you mentioned that they have been at 133% of free cash flow over the last year. How long can this stay at those level? And should we just expect them to turn back to whatever, closer to the 100% targets that you have outlined as a longer-term target?
Kevin P. March: Okay, Vivek, the 24% effective tax rate is what you should use for the fourth quarter. With the various things occurring during the year, the entire year will be a little bit different than that. But for planning purposes, use 24% for the fourth quarter. I would remind you that, that tax rate includes the R&D tax credit, which is set to expire at the end of this year. And it's unclear whether or not that will be renewed by congress in a timely fashion as we get into 2014. For us, that provides about a 2% benefit to our taxes. So absent that R&D tax credit, we'd be closer to a 26% tax rate as opposed to the 24% that we're suggesting that you use for fourth quarter. As it relates to buybacks, I would just mention that, again, the reason it's been as strong as it has been, the buybacks and dividends at 133% of our free cash flow, is a function of not only improving free cash flow, which we certainly have seen, but also the benefit the company receives when employees exercise their non-qual stock options. And given the increase in the -- in stock prices this past year for our company, we've seen an increase in employee stock option exercises. Just to give you a few numbers and summarize that to kind of recharacterize what I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our free cash flow for the last 12 months was $2.87 billion. Proceeds from employee stock options was $1.28 billion. So that means we had sources of cash over the last 12 months of $4.15 billion. We used or returned to shareholders, in the form of dividends and buybacks, $3.82 billion. Then we paid off debt earlier this year of $500 million. So we've used a total of $4.32 billion. So we've virtually used all that we have generated this past year. And we do that because one of the things we mentioned our capital management strategy is that we have a model for how much cash that we carry. And to the extent that we generate cash beyond that model level, we're quite comfortable with returning that to shareholders, as we have been doing. As to the ability of that to continue to run at those high levels, that's a really hard call. I would say that stock options do expire over time, and these are generally 10-year stock option grants that are granted to employees. So quite a few of these options are quite old, and they get used up. So I would expect that as we move into the future, we're apt to see less extra cash coming in from stock option exercises, but I think it's almost impossible to try to forecast the magnitude of that change.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was hoping you could comment a little bit on Silicon Valley Analog here in terms on where we are in your 3-year plan and if you don't have it available this quarter, would it be possible maybe on the quarter update to talk about what revenue is there, just so we can see where it was relative to where you guys acquired it?
Kevin P. March: Yes. Steve, I would say with the Silicon Valley Analog, first off on the point of revenues, we disclose revenues at the segment level. We don't disclose revenues below that, so we won't be offering the actual revenue figures for SVA. But if I were to talk about where are we at with respect to our expectation for SVA versus when we acquired National Semiconductor, I would say that the overall revenues are probably a little bit lower than we had initially expected at this point in time, given the overall market environment that we've been faced with this past few years. However, the rate of progress on share gain has been quite a bit faster as we've mentioned during the last call, that those product lines are actually gaining share about a year faster than we expected. In addition, we've had more cost synergies than we modeled into the acquisition. We've had lower interest expense on very low cost that we've been able to issue, and we've had substantially -- substantial benefits from taxes as a result of the acquisition. So when you put it all together, the profit that we're achieving on the National Semiconductor portfolio today is very close to what we have modeled at this point in time. And so I'd say we're reasonably satisfied with that bottom line effect.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Steve, even though we don't break out revenue quarterly, I can give you a kind of a rough breakout for the subsegments of Analog for 2013 year-to-date: so HVAL, 35%; Power, 25%; and then HPA and SVA are each about 20% of total Analog revenue. And again, that's year-to-date. Do you have a follow-on, Steve?
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And just if we could follow on in terms of overall acquisition strategy in general. If you look at the microcontroller business, overall, it's still fairly fragmented out there. And also on the Analog side, you guys have talked a lot about gaining share and perhaps accelerating that through acquisition. Is there anything substantial you guys might do on either side there to change your position in any sort of substantial way at this point? Or is it more organic growth from here?
Kevin P. March: Yes. Steve, I think that most of our growth for the foreseeable future is going to be organic. To the extent that we do continue looking at acquisitions, given the valuations that we presently see with many companies out there that might be an attractive addition to our portfolio, it's difficult for us to look at what we might have to pay for some of those acquisitions and actually get a reasonable return on the investment for our shareholders. So that suggests to me that to the extent that we are doing acquisitions, they're probably going to be smaller tuck-in ones that probably come with reasonably good product lines to fill in holes that we have or talented engineers to help with our R&D efforts. They're probably going to be biased towards Analog. One of the problems when you go into the microcontroller side, you start getting different architectures into your family of products and that can add complexity that may not be easily leverageable. That's not to say that we wouldn't look there, but that -- these are the odds that you'd see our microcontroller are tuck-in kind of acquisitions.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Steve, thanks for your questions.
Operator: Next, we'll go to David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David Wong: Your guidance for EPS and revenue this quarter, does it assume that gross margin will be flat to slightly down with the lower revenues? Or does gross margin keep rising?
Kevin P. March: Yes. David, I think, inherently, with the revenue decline that we're expecting in the fourth quarter, we'll be reducing the loadings in our factories a little bit. So you'd expect underutilization charges will probably increase a bit and have a corresponding impact on gross margins declining a bit in the quarter.
David Wong: Okay, great. And a minor administrative thing, you noted that your cash is largely onshore, so you have no problem returning to shareholders. How do you get your tax rate down to 24%, so far below U.S. tax rate and still generate primarily U.S. cash?
Kevin P. March: Yes. Well, I would -- first, just comment that I don't really our tax rate is all that low. 24% is an awful lot of money to send to the tax collectors. But that aside, tax inherently are pretty complex and there's a lot of things that can affect the tax rates. And especially a company's somewhat unique global footprint. Our footprint on a global basis, including the benefit that we got with the National acquisition, is allowing us to have a relatively effective current tax rate and further enabling us a pretty high repatriation of cash, which, as you know, [indiscernible] of our cash home and we just ended this past quarter with 82% of our cash onshore. But for planning purposes, as we look into the future, we assume that the U.S. tax rate stays about the same incrementally at 35%, and we just model that on a go-forward basis from a repat standpoint. Our objective, again, is to maintain 80% or more of our cash onshore, so that we have it available to use for our shareholders or dividends and stock buybacks.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. David, thanks for your question.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: First off, for Kevin, so you have about $4.2 billion in long-term debt, and I think you have about $1 billion in note payable. Can you just remind us what your plans are right now as far as paying back that debt, especially timing?
Kevin P. March: Yes, Tore, we do have a short-term debt of $1 billion, that comes due on May 15 of 2014. We had talked during our capital management strategy discussion back in February that debt, clearly, is going to be a portion or part of our capital structure for quite a long time, especially given that we've got debt that goes out as far as 10 years out. And that, in fact, we will continue including debt in our capital structure or rolling over portions of our debt if the economics made sense. And to us, the definition of the economics making sense is if we can issue new debt at rates that are either below our impression of what the inflation rate will be or below our dividend yield. So with that in mind, I can't forecast exactly what we'll wind up doing when May comes around. But clearly, we'll be prepared to pay off that $1 billion if we need to. But if the economics makes sense, we may very well decide to go ahead and just replace that with new debt.
Ron Slaymaker: A follow-on, Tore?
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, a follow-on for you, Ron. I don't know if you'll answer it or not. But can you give any comment on which end markets will do on a relative basis in the December quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: No, but I will give you a consolation and talk about what they did in the third quarter. So in the third quarter, this is not a fourth quarter comment, industrial, as we pointed out, grew and continue to be strong. Automotive grew for us, being driven mainly by infotainment and advanced driver-assist systems, such as blind spot detection, parking assist, a lot of those cool things you see on car commercials these days. And I aspire one day to have a car that actually does that. Computing, notebooks were weak and tablets grew. I heard some competitors talking about weakness in tablets. Don't know where that came from. They were strong for us. Comms infrastructure, the big word was China in third quarter. Operators, in fact, started deployment, released contracts. 2/3 of those contracts went to China OEMs, 1/3 to European. I'll note we sell to both. And maybe different products to different players, but we expect to continue to enjoy participation in that China business. Small cell trials are continuing. What I would say is first deployments, we expect to happen probably, call it mid to second half of next year. Handsets, probably the good news there is now, sub-2% of our revenue is legacy wireless, keeps going down. Consumer, good recovery in revenue there after some of the inventory reductions in second quarter. It's probably a game console comment mostly. Digital television continues weak. So again, sorry, I didn't answer the question, but hopefully, there was some value there. Tore, thank you for your question.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Patrick Wang with Evercore.
Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just one question for me. Can you help us understand the underutilization charge in Q3, what you see for utilizations in the fourth quarter, I guess, in terms of that charge? And then also, what you plan to exit the year with in terms of inventory, both on the balance sheet and in the channel?
Kevin P. March: Yes, Patrick. The underutilization charge in the third quarter was about $70 million. That's down from about $100 million in the prior quarter. And as I mentioned, with reductions in our factory loadings expected during the fourth quarter, I'd expect that charge to go up. But I won't give you a forecast with an exact number just yet. That will be a function of exactly what our [indiscernible] will turn out to be by the end of the quarter. As it relates to inventory, our model for inventory is to carry between 105 and 115 days of inventory. We just closed the current quarter to 106 days. So we've got room that we would probably want to take those days up a little bit more. And with the slowdown in demand in fourth quarter, that seems like a -- and a slight opportunity for us to first go ahead and bring those inventory days up a little bit, as we get ready to enter 2014.
Ron Slaymaker: Patrick, I think I understood you say, basically, you got all your questions in there. And to get to more callers, we'll move on to the next caller, please.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Ambrish Srivastava from Bank of Montreal.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I apologize, I don't want to put you in the spot, but I'm getting a lot of emails and I'm confused, investors are confused. Going back to the mid-quarter update, I think you did say that long-term seasonality is 8. But then you also said the variability is a lot. So the right way to think about it is a decline up to 4% for the last 4 years, so the last 4-year average. And so, is it that we misinterpreted that in what we're thinking? Not that I was modeling for down 4%, but the Street was clearly higher than me so and hence, they're very close to ask that question. Did we misinterpret your comments or did something change in the quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: I think the key to looking at that, Ambrish -- and all of that is exactly true. If you look at 5-year average, it's down 8. If you look at the last 4 years and take, I think it was fourth quarter '08 out, it's down 4. I think what you hear us talking about here are if you look over the last 3 years. I think in case of the industry and TI, both were -- excuse me, it's something like down 9%. And so I guess the difference is just that -- the only real difference in terms of how we're discussing our own data is I think a meaningful change to say, if you take legacy wireless out. And that was, obviously, 3 years ago, 4 years ago, a very significant part of our revenue mix. Today, it's an insignificant part of the mix. So any impact that has on seasonality going forward, frankly, is -- what it did in the past is irrelevant to our future. So that's really the distinction that we're making at this point. Do you have a follow-on, Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I did. So just to look forward now, what should -- now that the legacy business will be gone when we go into next year, what should we be thinking about the normal seasonal patterns? And I'm sure you'll answer it, and we'll come back and ask you again for the 4 quarters.
Ron Slaymaker: What the -- the math I've done is, I think if you look at first quarter and you take legacy wireless out and you look at the last 3 years, it's flattish. But what I will encourage you to do, I think we have all of that data out on our website, and that would be a great project for you to work on tonight and publish in your note tomorrow. There'd probably be a lot of value added in that. So again, I'll just -- I'll refer you to that data and let you do the math. Ambrish, thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'll stick with the theme of a couple callers ago and just stick to one question. There's been a lot of activity in the Analog segment lately relative to the sensors. There's been some M&A activity in some of the Analog peers this year that have grown -- in excess of the market have grown because they've gained some share or had some opportunities in the sensor market. How do you feel about TI's position in that market? Where do you see you guys going there?
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know that -- probably the one thing I would say, Jim, that in that sensing space and, obviously, there are lots of different types of sensors and they're different. But I think at some time in the last month anyway, a few weeks, we did an announcement really of a breakthrough product category in inductive sensing, which is, basically, an entirely new class of data converters, and that truly is innovative. That truly is breakthrough. That being said, when you look at the size of TI in our portfolio of 100,000 products, it can be a breakaway success and it's not going to have a big impact on TI in terms of moving the needle. But I think it's a great example of the kind of innovation that's been taking place at TI over the last decade and why you see just consistent share gains from our company. A lot of people talk about innovation and a lot of times, that spun up in technical terms. We really simplify it and measure it by our -- we producing and innovating and developing products that customers want. And we really let our market share tell the story. That provides the feedback of what is providing innovation that is valued by our customers. So that's one example, a little broader than your sensing question but absolutely a great space and we're right in the middle of it. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: We'll go to Glen Yeung with Citigroup.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Ron, when you look at the activity that you're -- cancellations are falling, I think you might not normally expect to see in the context of sum of orders. Are you seeing anything that's unusual, either one way or the other, from your customers?
Ron Slaymaker: No. Cancellations remain at what we would call very low levels by historical standards, and that's part of the reason why we really feel this is a -- we were coming up on a pretty seasonal fourth quarter. We're not seeing anything in the -- on the cancellation front, for example, that would indicate it's anything weaker than normal. I know a lot of people maybe were worried about, well, what's the effect of the government shutdown? Is that showing up in customer demand or anything like that? I'm not sure we have perfect visibly there but we sure didn't see backlog being pushed out by customers. We didn't see a higher rate of cancellations, which we think are both meaningful indicators. Do you have a follow-up, Glen?
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. As a follow-up, as I look at the reported gross margin, they're almost around 150 basis points more than what consensus is modeling for next year's gross margins. And I recognize that your movements in revenues and hence utilization will affect that. But as we think about the puts and takes, assuming that next year is even a modest growth year for SEMI conductors, as we think about the puts and takes on gross margins, what could the consensus see right, i.e. gross margins down 150 basis points from current levels, or is, perhaps, consensus seeing things wrong?
Kevin P. March: Yes, well, I guess I would just remind people as they're putting their models together of a couple things. As we look at what's going to drive our gross margins going forward, keep in mind, as we fill these very cost-effective factories that we acquired over the last couple of years, and especially as we fill them with a higher mix of industrial and automotive end market-type products, we're going to see margins continue to be pretty healthy. Another important point to keep in mind is that depreciation today is running about 400 basis points ahead of capital expenditures. So by definition, that means depreciation will start to work itself down over the next couple of years. And that, by itself, will be a boost gross margins. So those are probably the 3 things I would really point to, and that is, again, as we grow and fill up those factories; as we improve our portfolio mix, especially industrial and automotive; and as depreciation declines over the next few years on these lower levels of CapEx, those together should provide nice tailwinds to our gross margins as we go forward.
Ron Slaymaker: So to the scenario that Glen talked about, at 2014, as any kind of reasonable growth or any growth at all, given those tailwinds, it doesn't sound like the Street, if they're modeling down 150 basis points on gross margin, that does not sound consistent with what you just described. Is that right?
Kevin P. March: It sounds inconsistent, but also suggests that you're missing just exactly how much free cash flow we'll generate next year.
Ron Slaymaker: All right. Thank you, Kevin. Okay, and I think, operator, we're going to try to squeeze in one final caller and then we'll wrap it up.
Operator: Okay. Our final question will come from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Kevin, you just talked about some of the puts and takes for gross margin for next year. From the $800 million roughly level you were for kind of core OpEx in the fourth quarter of this year x charges, restructuring, et cetera, what sort of OpEx puts and takes should we think of, heading into 2014?
Kevin P. March: Ross, I think the simplest thing I'd suggest to you is that, clearly, the people who are in R&D and SG&A, the OpEx buckets as we call it, are correctly anticipating that they'll see pay and benefit increases in 2014. So we would certainly see the effect of that. I would probably also remind you that in first quarter, our OpEx typically is seasonally up from fourth quarter. And that's a function of 2 things: one, it's the absence of the holiday periods that we see in the fourth quarter; and the second is the annual pay and benefit increases that begin to take effect in the first quarter and take full effect in the second quarter. So again, I would expect the spend rate as we go into next year begin to increase, coming off a low fourth quarter. Year-over-year, though, given the wind-down of the legacy wireless, probably still year-over-year attractive within our OpEx model in the 20% to 25% range -- probably 20% to 30% range of revenue, excuse me, being at the lower end of that range.
Ron Slaymaker: And Ross, just maybe even shorter term, fourth to first, OpEx typically goes up because of the pay and benefit increase that Kevin described that kicks in, in February but also, just fewer holiday and vacation days taken in first quarter compared with fourth. We see the benefit from those holidays and vacation days. But sequentially, then it tends to work against us in the first quarter. Okay, Ross. Thanks for your questions. And in general, we're going to stop here. Thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today's call. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-22 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker - Vice President of Investor Relations Kevin P. March - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to turn conference over to Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and relevant non-GAAP reconciliations on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for September 10. At that time, we expect to adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate. The second quarter was another solid quarter for TI. Revenue came in as we expected, up 6% sequentially and up 8% if you exclude legacy wireless revenue, which declined to less than 5% of TI revenue in the quarter. Analog and Embedded Processing increased to 78% of TI revenue. Our overall backlog continued to increase, visibility into the second quarter has improved and we expect another quarter of solid growth in the third quarter. The industrial and automotive markets were once again important drivers of TI revenue growth. More than 35% of our product revenue in the first half of 2013 came from these important markets. Although we continue to have exposure to the PC and handset markets, these are now much smaller percentages of our revenue. We believe this increased diversity of markets and customers should make for steadier growth and financial returns. The strength of our business model continues to give us confidence that we can sustainably generate $0.20 to $0.25 of free cash flow for every dollar of revenue and then return all of it to shareholders except what is required to repay debt. As we said previously, free cash flow is an important consideration for a couple of reasons. First, net income has generally lagged the amount of free cash flow that we have generated for the past few years and will continue to lag in the years ahead. This is because of the significant noncash items on the income statement, including amortization of acquisition intangibles, as well as the large amount by which depreciation exceeds our capital expenditures. The second reason free cash flow is important is that cash returns are a big part of our long-term shareholders' returns. The more free cash flow we generate, the more we return in the form of dividends and stock repurchases. For the trailing 12-month period, free cash flow was 24% of revenue, 1 point higher than last quarter. And once again, we returned all of that and more to our shareholders, consistent with our capital management strategy. Earnings in the second quarter were strong, a result of good operational execution and improving product mix and a transfer of wireless connectivity technology to a customer, reflecting our continued monetization of the legacy wireless business even as this product revenue declines. Let me walk through a few details of revenue. Analog revenue grew 6% sequentially. Silicon Valley Analog, High-Volume Analog and logic and High-Performance Analog all contributed to the sequential growth. Power was about even as growth in broader markets was offset by weaker demand at certain handset customers and game console manufacturers, which were preparing for a product transition. SVA, with its strong participation in the industrial and automotive markets, has been the leading driver of growth within our Analog business. Additionally, it has outgrown the Analog market over the past 3 quarters. From a market share perspective, SVA troughed in the second half of 2012, and its share has significantly rebounded as it has grown since then. As we have communicated to you previously, our original expectation for SVA was that it would continue to lose share in the first year after the acquisition, grow similar to the market in this second year and then gain share in the upcoming third year. We're running a full year ahead of this plan. Embedded Processing revenue grew 10% sequentially, with processors up the most, followed by growth in microcontrollers and connectivity. Although connectivity was the smallest contributor, its growth rate was the highest as a range of customers embraced our low-power products. In processors, communications infrastructure had solid growth, reflecting increased operator spending, especially in North America. In our other segments, sequential growth in most product areas was largely offset by the decline in legacy wireless. Legacy wireless revenue fell by $62 million sequentially to $148 million. Calculators grew as retailers prepared for back-to-school demand. DLP grew, driven by demand for high-resolution front projectors, and custom ASIC revenue was about even. Royalties declined. Turning to distribution. Resales grew 5% sequentially. Distributors' inventory levels held about even on a dollar basis and declined by about 1 day. Now, Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin P. March: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. Our earnings in the quarter included a gain of $315 million associated with a transfer of wireless connectivity technology to a customer. This gain was recorded on the restructuring charges line of our income statement and in our other segment. The gain was partially offset by related expenses. The net gain was not included in the guidance we provided to you previously. In addition, restructuring charges were higher than originally expected. The net impact of these items was a $0.16 benefit to earnings per share in the quarter. Gross profit was $1.57 billion, up 14% sequentially. Gross margin was 51.5% of revenue and expanded 390 basis points sequentially. This strong profit fall-through was a result of our increasing leverage of the low-cost capacity we have in place and our improving product mix as lower-margin legacy wireless revenue continued to wind down and higher-margin Analog and Embedded Processing revenue grew. Operating expenses of $860 million were reduced by $18 million sequentially. Operating profit was $906 million or 29.7% of revenue. Net income in the second quarter was $660 million, or $0.58 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $674 million in the quarter. I should note that the gain on the technology transfer did not impact cash flow as payment was not due in the quarter. You can see this impact on the prepaid expenses and other returned assets line of the cash flow statement. We increased our inventory by $20 million compared with the prior quarter. Inventory days increased to 105 days, consistent with our model of 105 to 115 days. Capital expenditures were $97 million in the quarter, and free cash flow was $577 million. Although cash flow from operations was about the same as the year ago, our free cash flow was higher as our capital spending needs are lower. On a trailing 12-month basis, cash flow from operations was $3.32 billion, up 3% from a year ago. Trailing 12-month capital expenditures were $427 million, down 28% from a year ago. As a result, free cash flow was $2.90 billion, up 10% from a year ago. Free cash flow was 24% of revenue for the trailing 12-month period, within our expected range of 20% to 25% of revenue. In the year-ago trailing 12-month period, free cash flow was 20% of revenue. Capital expenditures for the past 12 months were about 3% of revenue. Our low capital spending level is a direct result of the strong capacity position that we have built with our strategic investments of the past few years. The cash flow that will result as we continue to fill up this capacity should be strong in the years ahead. I'll note that depreciation expense for the past 12 months exceeded our capital expenditures by $495 million. As a percent of revenue, depreciation was more than 400 basis points higher than our capital expenditures. This is one of the reasons why our free cash flow has been trending higher than our net income. Of course, depreciation will decline to the rate of capital spending over the next few years, benefiting gross margin as it does. Another major reason why free cash flow has trended higher than net income is the amortization expense of $80 million to $85 million per quarter that will remain on our income statement for another 6 years. In the trailing 12 months, amortization expense was $341 million or about 3% of revenue. And as we said, strong cash flow, particularly free cash flow, means that we can continue to provide strong cash returns to our shareholders. In the second quarter, TI paid $309 million in dividends and repurchased $721 million of our stock. Our capital management strategy is it to return all of our free cash flow to shareholders except for what we need to repay debt. In the second quarter, we reduced our debt level by $500 million. We also benefit from proceeds from employee stock option exercises that have allowed us to return more than 100% of our free cash flow to our shareholders while maintaining our targeted level of cash. For the past 12 months, we have paid $971 million in dividends or 34% of our free cash flow. Similarly, we have repurchased $2.6 billion of our stock or 90% of our free cash flow. In total, we returned 123% of free cash flow in the past 12 months. Fundamental to our cash returns strategy are our cash management and tax practices. We ended the second quarter with $3.24 billion of cash and short-term investments, with 82% of that amount owned by TI's U.S. entities. Because our cash is largely onshore, it is readily available for a variety of uses, including paying dividends and repurchasing our stock. TI's orders grew 6% sequentially, and our book-to-bill ratio was 1.03 as our backlog expanded again this quarter. Turning to our outlook. We expect TI revenue in the range of $3.09 billion to $3.35 billion in the third quarter. At the middle of this range, revenue would increase about 6% sequentially despite our assumption that revenue from our legacy wireless products would decline by about $90 million in the quarter. For the rest of our revenue, that would result in growth of about 9% of the middle of our range. This quarter, I'll provide some additional detail to our outlook than what we typically provide. This is in consideration of the unusual items in our second quarter and to help baseline your models. We expect operating expense in the third quarter to decline a couple of percent compared with the second quarter. The combination of our acquisition charges line and our restructuring charges line should be about $100 million in the quarter. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.49 to $0.57. In the third quarter, investors will see for the first time the Analog and Embedded Processing company that we've been building over the past years without the distraction of the Wireless business we've been unwinding. Legacy wireless revenue should be less than 2% of total TI revenue in the third quarter. Even with depreciation levels continuing well above our capital spending, we expect gross margin to, again, move up notably in the quarter and we expect to produce ongoing strong free cash flow in the years ahead that results from this business model. For the year, our estimate for R&D expense is unchanged at $1.5 billion. Our estimate for capital expenditures remains $500 million, well below our depreciation estimate of $900 million. Our estimated effective tax rate is revised up to 24% from our prior estimate of 22% as a result of our higher 2013 profit forecast. In summary, we are seeing our company develop into what we've planned. Our business, focused on Analog and Embedded Processing, is highly diverse across customers and markets. Therefore, we believe TI can deliver more stable growth in the years ahead with the business model that delivers good profitability and low capital intensity. As a result, free cash flow should continue to be strong, $0.20 to $0.25 for every dollar of revenue. This will allow us to provide a rare combination of growth and high cash returns to our shareholders. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, we'll take a question from Glen Yeung.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Kevin, can you walk us through the gross margin expectations for the third quarter? Just what are the puts and takes on how you get to what I think you called notable gross margin improvement in that quarter?
Kevin P. March: Yes, Glen, I think what you're going to see with legacy wireless declining by about $90 million next quarter, that lower-margin revenue is going to be displaced by higher-margin revenue with the form of Analog and Embedded Processing to get the bigger piece. In addition, with our growing backlog and a higher revenue expectations for the quarter, we'll be utilizing more of our factory capacity. So as you kind of run through all that, I talked a moment ago about our operating expenditures, we'd expect to be down a couple of percent over -- quarter-over-quarter and restructuring and acquisition costs to be about $100 million in the quarter. So you squeeze that math on through and you'll see that our gross profit margin will continue to increase, as it has this last quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Glen?
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I do have a follow-on. If I look at your -- and forgive me if I'm doing this math wrong, but I think I got it right. If I look at your revenues less Wireless year-on-year in the June quarter, it was still actually a negative number. And I think based on your guidance, it will be positive in the third quarter. Question is do you think that your revenues, less Wireless, will actually be positive for the year?
Ron Slaymaker: Oh, Glen. I don't -- I'll let you try to extrapolate what we've done year-to-date out and into the fourth quarter. Clearly, with the legacy wireless down as significantly as it will be in the third quarter, and we've said before that we expect it to be pretty much 0 by the time we get into 2014, that variable was pretty much filled in for fourth quarter. But you can make some estimates on what the rest of the revenue could look like to make the assessment of whether we're going to be up overall without legacy wireless.
Operator: We'll take a question from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Hey, Ron. First, if I could just add, the improvement that we're seeing across the industry in the comms business early stages, can you offer some perspective on that and how long do you think that could potentially last? What the puts and takes there would be?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, and I think you're talking specifically about infrastructure there, so at least that's what my comments will be. I -- we've actually seen pretty broad growth across geographies. It is being led by North America and it's being led by some of the players that late last year, in terms of operators, announced that they would be doing capital spending increases this year. So after several quarters of what I'll say is not a lot of activity, we did see real results in third quarter. But again, it was broader than North America. Looking into the back half of the year, I think we're still optimistic that -- well, actually, first of all, let me say that what we're seeing in North America is a combination of continued WCDMA deployment but also accelerating LTE deployments as well. So again, as you know, we play quite strongly across both the new LTE technology as well as the more entrenched WCDMA, so we're seeing strength on the combination. In terms of China, we, like many other people, are waiting to see the impact of -- and whether in fact we'll see second half deployments. But clearly, that's our expectation. We've seen some activity more so from the standpoint of customers getting prepped for that in Japan. But we haven't actually seen the bear [ph] left, and I think that's pretty much consistent with at least my understanding of what other players have been describing as well there. Do you have a follow-on, Jim?
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sure. And I apologize if I missed this because I got cut off briefly. But did you say that your plans for factory loading is going to be for the back half of the year compared to the first half?
Kevin P. March: Jim, if I heard your question correctly, I think you're asking what our plans were for factory loading in the back half of the year versus the first half. Clearly, our loadings have been stepping up. Second quarter was higher than first, and we would expect third quarter to be higher than second on the basis of our growing backlog. Beyond that, we don't have enough visibility to really comment on what the fourth quarter might look like. And so we'll wait another 60 to 90 days before we comment on that. Okay, Jim, thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Question on -- first on profitability. You have Analog and Embedded Processing today pretty close to historical highs. I think Analog may be high, historical highs. Embedded processing is close. Profitability, though, looks a little bit pressured though, even with less OpEx and higher gross margins this quarter. I assume that's going to get better next quarter as margins go up and OpEx come down a little bit. But could you give us some -- I guess, a little more color on how you see profitability by your business kind of trending as we go forward to the year and maybe even share anything around longer-term targets that you might want to give us?
Kevin P. March: Yes, Stacy, I'd begin by reminding you that, especially if you look at -- compare us to prior, certainly compare us year-over-year, the profitability in those 2 segments are going to be somewhat pressured by the -- typically by virtue of the fact that we've eliminated the Wireless segment. And so that means the remaining corporate expense is spread over fewer business units. And so therefore, the corporate allocations are higher. So that alone is going to be depressed in any comparisons to prior periods. The other thing, I guess, I talked about on the Embedded Processing, you may recall that about 2 years ago, we significantly began to step up the investments that we had in that area, especially in support of our objectives for our microcontroller products. And as I mentioned on last quarter's call, those investments are at a sufficient level now that they don't not -- they do not need to be increased anymore. So we're at the point now where we're really looking for revenue growth in the Embedded Processing segment to begin to generate some real profit. You may also recall that one of our more profitable pieces of that is in the comms infrastructure. And to the question we had just a moment ago, we're beginning to see some signs of that picking up this past quarter. And ideally, that continues and that generates quite a bit of additional profit fall-through as well. Did I answer your question here, Stacy?
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: No, you did. That's very helpful.
Ron Slaymaker: If I can just add one thing, I think if you look at the same thing at the company level and just try to go back and leap when we just kind of went back and looked at versus prior periods in history, you can find, at least compared with the second quarter, historical periods where revenue was similar but margins, maybe, were a little higher or whatever. And as we thought to that, a lot of that really just comes down to the difference in capacity. So for example, I think one of the ones, if I remember right, was late in 2009 when we were absolutely capacity-constrained. And if you look at where we are today and our position to be able to support growth and provide service levels that our customers expect from us based upon the capacity we have, it's just really a world of difference. So we like where we are right now and we like how things are headed into the third quarter on that front as well. Do you have a follow-on?
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I do. Along those lines, around the gross margin for next quarter, my math suggests you may be implicitly guiding to a margin of 54%, maybe even a little more. I guess can you give me some feeling whether or not that math is accurate and some feeling of the relative magnitudes of drivers? We have Wireless mix obviously going down, mix of investment is maybe going up, utilization going up. I think you also have some fab closures, the 6-inch fabs that start to hit in Q3, if I'm not mistaken. Can you give us some, I guess, some feeling to the relative magnitude of some of those drivers? I'd appreciate it.
Kevin P. March: Stacy, you did a good job citing the answer I would have given you to that question as to what's driving that increase in gross profit margins. You're exactly right on those points. We're probably seeing utilization with the mix improving quite a bit, and we're beginning to see the early signs. Third on that list will be some of the savings from the closure of those 2 older 6-inch factories that we talked about. But I think that it's probably a toss-up between mix and improved utilization that we see going on there. And I think as we move forward after that, it's really going to be -- mix is going to be impacting favorably our gross margins as we keep moving forward. Okay, Stacy. Thanks for your questions.
Operator: Next question will be from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It looks to me like you're guiding your core business, like you said, Ron, up about 9%, about double normal seasonality. Could you give us any color on either the product segments or the end markets that are driving that 2x normal seasonality, please?
Ron Slaymaker: Ross, I really don't -- as is normally our practice, I don't really want to try to dissect it by end market or by product line beyond what we've identified typically. I think seasonally, we see a little additional lift from calculators and no different this time, but that's not a big factor. Probably the biggest single swing factor will be what we described already in terms of the decline for legacy wireless and, of course, that would depress from that 9% to the total amount for the company. But beyond that, we really -- I would say probably more of what we've seen in third -- in second quarter, but also I think some of the areas that were still not really lifting in second quarter and maybe holding back growth even in second quarter, seasonally, typically are stronger in third quarter. And so beyond just noting that some of the computing and handset areas see seasonal strength in third quarter, let me just kind of stop there if I can. Do you have a follow-on, Ross?
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, and hopefully get a little closer with this one. When you talk about the OpEx side, Kevin, your color was great for the third quarter and for the full year. How should we think -- when you get to that normalized OpEx level for TI and all the cost savings, et cetera, are gone, how should we think about the growth rate in OpEx versus whatever we assume core growth in revenues would be going forward into 2014, et cetera?
Kevin P. March: Well, the kind of the high level OpEx guidelines that we have offered to the investor community is that we would expect to be operating with OpEx between 20% and 30% of revenues. I mean, clearly, what that would mean is that in periods of lower revenue, we'll be higher percent. In periods of higher revenue, lower percent. More specifically to your question as to cost trends, as I've mentioned earlier, we stepped up investment quite a bit over the last couple of years, mainly in the microcontroller portion of Embedded Processing and also in the overall sales footprint that we have on a global basis. I would expect as we look out over the next year to 2 years that, that rate of investment increase is going to slow down considerably as we begin to get revenue leverage off of that investment. So as we look forward, I would expect revenue growth to probably pretty -- provided we've got growing markets and a growing global economy, I would expect revenue growth to outstrip our OpEx growth by a fairly sizable portion. Beyond that, I won't be any more specific. But I think that you can really take that to say as we expect our overall bottom line results to continue to improve as you've seen these last few quarters. Okay, thank you, Ross.
Operator: We'll move to John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Ron, in your prepared comments, you talked about SVA gaining share in the June quarter. I'm just kind of curious, given the core business expectations of kind of high-single-digit sequential growth, to what extent do you think this is share gain versus what you're seeing in the overall market? And I'm being kind of curious, if industrial and auto really drove Q3, do we expect sort of the consumer market with normal seasonality to be a bigger driver in the core business for Q -- for September, sorry?
Ron Slaymaker: I think, first of all, your comment on SVA, it did gain share in Q2. But I also said it gained share in Q1, as well as in Q4. So for the last 3 quarters, it has gained market share. I think, probably, what we would expect in Q3, very likely given that we've been gaining share, we would expect to continue to gain share in Q3 but, John, until everybody comes out with their Q3 guidance, maybe more importantly when they actually come out with actual results, we're just speculating about market share. I think it's what you said. It's probably more continued strength in the industrial and automotive areas, as well as some broadening of strength into other areas. And I think you've probably heard from multiple companies reporting now, as well as what we said, and there are certain players in the handset market that were running relatively weaker demand in Q2. And probably a lot of that had to do with some -- resetting some inventory levels in their channels, that our expectation is we'll see that strengthen back up about to, I'll call it more normalized run rates for those players in addition to the seasonal lift that comes along in the third quarter. Do you have a follow-on, John?
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, just a follow-on for Kevin. Kevin, I guess as we think about the new business model, you guys in the past kind of a target gross/op margin of, I believe, 55% and 30%. If you look at the implied guidance for the September quarter, you're basically a stone's throw away from those numbers. Kind of curious, as Wireless goes to 0 and you start to see continued leverage in the business model, should we start to be thinking about just structurally higher target growth in op margins than you've given out in the past?
Kevin P. March: John, we gave those kind of guidelines a number of years ago when we made the decision to discontinue further investment in our baseband portfolio so that we could at least give the analyst community and investors a sense as to what to expect this portfolio to be able to do. And clearly, we're beginning to see those results play themselves out. What we have talked about here in the last few quarters, in fact, even started talking about probably a year, 1.5 years ago at our analyst meeting is really a focus on cash flow. And what I would really tell you to think about is in terms of what our objectives are is to be converting 20% to 25% of our revenue into free cash flow, which, as you've heard us mention several times now, we intend to return 100% to our shareholders through dividends and buybacks less any amount that we have to use for debt repayment. So that's sort of the bottom line is our cash flow objective on this. And I expect that the actual margins in vehicle, they will fall out, they will be richer than we've historically had in the past just by virtue of the construct of our portfolio. But I won't try to offer any new numbers as to what we think target numbers are on those because we really don't want to set ourselves at that kind of limit. We're really aiming at maximizing free cash flow for our shareholders.
Ron Slaymaker: So, John, since that was your follow-up question, I don't believe you're on the line. Let me ask and, in fact, answer the natural follow-up to your follow-up, which is, okay, so with free cash flow margin objectives of 20% to 25% and just reporting 24% for the trailing 12-month period, are those objectives, in fact, something that should be reviewed? And I guess the way we look at that -- now, I'm going to answer part of the -- of your question. The way we look at that is that at current levels, we're now operating in the top 15th -- 1-5, top 15th percentile of the S&P 500. And that really just reflects the strength of our business model. And so do we -- is 20% to 25% the right number going forward? The way we will evaluate that is if we get to the point where we're consistently performing above that level, we'll then consider whether we should change the range, but right now, our margin objective as a corporation is to convert 20% to 25% of revenue to free cash flow, as Kevin said. So, John, thanks for those great questions.
Operator: At this time, we'll go to Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you talk about the linearity of bookings during the quarter? And then considering how the product mix and market mix has changed, what should we be thinking about for normal seasonality for Q4?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. So the linearity question, the answer is probably pretty similar to what it normally is, which is orders were noisy in the quarter. You can't look at it month-to-month and try to draw any straight line in one direction or the other. It probably was a little bit even more so this quarter, Chris, because you noted we said that customers were giving us more extended visibility. And so depending upon when those customers chose to load up in terms of the backlog for the out-quarter, that drove some of the noisiness. So it was a little more so than normal, and I'll give you one example. Comm's infrastructure had an especially strong May, and that was exactly what I was describing. They were going from -- I don't know their exact numbers but let's say they had 3 months of visibility on our backlog placed then they were pushing out to 4, 4.5 months, that pretty much got loaded in during the month of May and created some of the noisiness. So there was some of that stuff going on. I don't know in terms of, with all the changes in our portfolio, whether that's going to translate to anything different for Q4, Chris. I think we've kind of just have to move forward. We're probably -- given the breadth of Analog and Embedded Processing, you can probably just go look at more industry numbers and try to assess. Clearly, Q3, if you just look at average growth, has historically 5-year average been 5%. Again, we always give the caution, the range on that is huge. It was 0% to 17%. I'm not sure how useful that amount, that 5% number is. Fourth quarter is down more so. In fact, if you just look at the average, it's down 8%. I think that is a completely not useful number because of the noise that fourth quarter '08, I believe it was, introduced into that, where we had a down 26% quarter. The high point on that is down to like, I think -- I'm sorry, the range was minus 26% to plus 4%. I think kind of got what a normal Q4 is probably down a little bit because semiconductor products probably tend to move more sideways in that Q4 type of time period. And then you probably have some -- the pressure of calculators coming off of their back-to-school peak in Q3 pushing down into Q4. But that's clearly not evident in the average 5-year growth rate numbers that I just gave you. Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. Can you just maybe give us a sense of what the inventory did during the quarter and how their bookings pattern is? Is there any commentary you're hearing from them?
Ron Slaymaker: I don't have bookings. I think we said in prepared remarks that the inventory declined and yet -- so that actually, at an absolute dollar basis, went down to a little under 5.5 weeks -- I'm sorry, let me start that over. From a -- an absolute dollar standpoint, distributor inventory was stable. From a days, it went down about 1 day to below 5.5 weeks in the quarter. Okay, Chris. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go to Ambrish Srivastava with Bank of Montreal.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Ron, and this is not a follow-up to any follow-up, but it's a follow-up to your prepared remarks. Clarification on the connectivity, who did you sell it to? And then I'm assuming this includes only the handset-related business and not the embedded part.
Kevin P. March: Ambrish, we won't disclose who it was we entered into that transaction with. I would just mention again, it was further efforts on our part to try to monetize those prior investments in that technology. What we transferred was their -- a right for that buyer to use that technology, including some tangible deliverables that we provided to that particular buyer. It's a nonexclusive arrangement. It allows us to fully use the technology just as we have in the past, and importantly to continue to pursue the market strategies that we have for that, which was really to take that technology into places where it's beginning to emerge in the -- I think, the common term is the Internet of Things, but to more and more different areas where we're finding wireless connectivity kind of technology being useful and emerging.
Ron Slaymaker: But think of it more along the lines of the legacy wireless as opposed to the Embedded business. So we don't believe this will have any impact, you might say, on our embedded opportunity going forward. Again, it's just means by which we're continuing to monetize that legacy wireless business. Do you have a follow-on, Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes, I did, on the core business, Ron and Kevin. Good to see the SVA kind of on that trajectory that you've laid out. The last couple of quarters, it's done well. Can you just help us understand -- and I don't mean to make light of it because market share gains are never easy. But was it just blocking and tackling stuff or -- because it couldn't be new products that have been developed since the acquisition? So just any color you could provide on what has been working would be great.
Kevin P. March: Yes, I would say, Ambrish, perhaps what you're beginning to see here, that remember that that's really -- SVA has a lot of its revenue going through the industrial channel, as well as the automotive and clearly, those markets have been doing well. But importantly, the industrial, it means a lot of customers, including a lot of small customers. And that's where the benefit of an extremely large sales force plays in versus what national could have done on its own in the past. We simply didn't have the sales force scale to be able to reach out to as many customers. So I think the combination of nice growth in the markets in which it's in and the fact that we're able to get that products out to a lot more customers in those spaces are coming together to help us see some nice growth in that. And then overall, that's just better commercial terms with customers. You may recall that they had previously gotten themselves into a little bit of hot water with some customers where they were no longer welcome on designs. And we've been welcomed back in. And those -- some of those designs are, in fact, already beginning to turn into -- some of those all already turning into incremental revenue.
Ron Slaymaker: But let me just add, Ambrish, you recall that when we announced that acquisition, we said the entire basis on which we're going to generate a return on this acquisition is based on revenue synergies that we thought possible, not really cost synergies. I mean, there were some cost synergies, but they were minor compared to the revenue synergies that we thought were possible through our combination. So it's absolutely -- I'll understate it and call it encouraging to see those revenue synergies coming through, coming through at the rate they are and on the timeline they are. So really good news from our perspective there. Okay, Ambrish. Thank you for your questions.
Operator: At this time, we'll go to Sumit Dhanda with ISI Group.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Hey, Kevin or Ron, just one question on the underutilization charges. What were they in the second quarter and what do you project that number to be in the third quarter?
Kevin P. March: Sumit, we haven't been providing a projection on that, but they were a little bit less than $100 million in the quarter...
Ron Slaymaker: And downsized. As we said, that was beneficial to TI last quarter. Do you have a follow-on, Sumit?
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I do. Just a clarification again. You said that dollar inventories were roughly flat in distribution, down on a days basis. And -- but you said resales are up 5%, but your organic business grew 8%. Just trying to understand what sort of the -- how do I reconcile all of that? In other words, the organic business being up 8%, but your resales being up only 5%, but inventories being flat?
Ron Slaymaker: I think obviously, this is just different cross currents in distribution and that customer base than what we have overall and what we have associated with our direct business. So I wouldn't -- I mean, I think we clearly understand it. But I guess I would say it's really just to be very customer-specific in terms of -- I think what you're really asking is why were resales growing slower than TI's revenue overall. And I would just say it tends to get customer-specific that I don't want to get into. Also keep in mind, our overall business benefits from the lift that we see in calculators. And again, that would be TI revenue as opposed to the resales and then also some of the market-specific things. But again, it gets somewhat market-specific but also customer-specific there. Okay, Sumit. Thank you for your questions.
Operator: And we'll move along to Mark Lipacis with Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Kevin, on the prepaid, it was about a $300 million use of cash due to the, my understanding, I guess it's a tech transfer. So does that reverse and unwind? Has that become a source of cash? And could you just go through the accounting mechanics on that?
Kevin P. March: Sure, Mark. The way that works is as we have met the requirements of the agreement that we signed late in the quarter, it was a recognizable event. And therefore, it was recognized into earnings. The payment terms were such that we don't expect to get paid on the majority of that until this quarter. So in fact, exactly what you said is what'll occur, it -- because it's in net income, it's taken out on the prepaid line and other assets, so that appears to be a use of cash. And in fact, it will reverse itself when we move into the third quarter because we, in fact, had already received the payment that was due in the third quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Mark?
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. And a simple question. The -- so when your dollars of distributed inventories are flat, does that mean your resales equal your sell-in?
Ron Slaymaker: When dollars are flat, does that mean resales equal sell-in? Not necessarily, because it depends upon what distributor was -- the distributors were doing with inventory in the prior quarter. So for example, if -- you just have to play with the numbers. But if they were reducing inventory one quarter, they held that inventory flat the next quarter, you could see resales trend -- resale growth trend well below our revenue growth as revenue, kind of call it snapped back to the way it was shipping out. But there's not always a direct -- what do I say, there's not always a direct alignment between revenue growth or shipment into distribution and what they're shipping out because it varies based on what they've been doing in terms of adding or depleting inventory. And clearly, with us having customers -- I'm sorry, distributors converting to consignment, that can impact us as well because the impact of a consignment conversion is the -- is basically they're depleting inventory and depleting at a lesser rate as we go forward.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So, Ron, so just -- and I apologize if I missed this, so what were resales versus sell-in?
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know. I had resales about -- let's see. We said resales were up 3% (sic) [5%] . Off the top of my head, I don't have -- I don't -- I have sell-in, actually it was up just slightly more in that a couple of points more than that is what it looks like. Okay, thank you, Mark.
Operator: And moving forward, we'll go to Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Any notable changes in lead times and anything that you might -- that you think might probably trend higher in the back half of the year?
Ron Slaymaker: Lead times, I would say generally pretty stable with the vast majority of our products shipping in less than 6 weeks. So no real change there, Joe. Do you have a follow-on?
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, and if there's any color you can give us on end market dynamics and the stuff you've mentioned in terms of computing or automotive or anything like that.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. I have a couple of comments here. So industrial, I guess, you've -- we've seen from what we're saying already, that market continues to recover. I would say in general, customers in that space are pretty hand to mouth. They're keeping inventories lean. We have not seen signs of any kind of broad replenishment there. And lead times for our products there are short and they're taking advantage of that. In terms of automotive, we've -- you've heard us say our revenue was strong. That goes across both Analog, as well as Embedded Processing. Part of that is clearly the market, the end market is strong. Part of it is TI is benefiting from design wins really in a couple of areas. One is the Advanced Driver Assistance Systems, as well as infotainment. We're also seeing new opportunities in a couple of areas, advanced radar systems. You've seen, for example, that partly the drivers there, such as blind spot detection. But we're seeing radar technology in automobiles start to get deployed much broader than just certainly [ph] considerations, much broader than just blind spot detection. Computing, no surprise there. The news flash is the overall PC market has been weak, continues to be weak. We'll see what happens when some of the new processors get introduced here in the second half, but that space has been weak. Comms infrastructure, I think I've pretty much said what I can say about that. Communications or handsets rather, the probably -- the big story for TI is just ongoing declines in legacy wireless. I think we're actually doing pretty well in the broader handset market with some of the other products we have, like audio amplifiers, et cetera. But if you just look at that market overall, it's getting, for TI, swamped out by what's happening at certain customers in terms of their own adjustments, but then also our legacy wireless trends. And then the consumer, I would just say that game consoles were weak last quarter as we have manufacturers in that space preparing for new product introductions and transitions here in the second half. Television, I would describe as generally weak. I think there's new technologies that are being introduced that hold some promise for growth there. But overall, I would say the market is weak. And that's about it. So all right, Joe. Thank you for your questions.
Operator: And we'll move along to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to address this demand environment question I think being asked in different ways from a geographic perspective. How much of the growth that you're seeing right now is U.S. centric versus, say, coming from China and Europe? Because the macro data points from China and Europe are still quite mixed. So if you could just get us -- give us a sense of how demand is from a geographic perspective?
Ron Slaymaker: So let me just give you the data and then I'll let you figure out how to interpret it. But if you look at our revenue in the second quarter, we saw the highest growth, and this was just on a dollar basis, out of Asia, followed by the U.S., followed by Japan. Europe was down what I would characterize as little, meaning a couple of percent. But all regions were up. Asia was the strongest from a dollar standpoint, but it's also where -- over what, 60%, 65% of our revenue is shipping these days. And then U.S. was the strongest in terms of percentage growth, but it's much smaller than what Asia is for us. And then the only caution to that, that I always attach to that is you have to be a little careful. I mean, Asia is where a lot products are being manufactured and then turned around and shipped back to other markets such as the U.S. for consumption. So it's not a statement about economic conditions or changes there in those markets, it's strictly a matter of our customers manufacturing in those various regions. Do you have a follow-on, Vivek?
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. Thanks, Ron. Just as a clarification, what percentage of the sales now are dist versus direct? And then within that, if you could give us a split of sell-in versus sell-through?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. So 55% of our revenue goes to distribution now. If you look at that distribution revenue, about 50% of that is now supported by consignment. So as a proxy for your sell-in versus sell-out, officially and technically, we're on sell-in recognition with distribution. But the half of the revenue that's on consignment behaves like sell-out in that the distributors' revenue doesn't get recognized until they pull it out of that consignment hardware, out of that consignment inventory to then directly ship it to a customer. So it behaves like sell-out. Just more broadly, about 45% of our overall revenue now is supported by consignment and/or JIT programs. And so if you kind of put all that together, that means that only about 1/4 of our revenue is not on consignment or on -- or in distribution. The reason I point out is because where we have consignment, we have really good visibility into that customer's or distributor's TI inventory levels. And, in fact, for distributors more broadly, even where they're not on consignment, we know what their TI inventory is. So the point being, for about 75% of our, I'll call revenue coverage, we have pretty good insight into inventories. And when we characterize them as lean or well-managed, I guess, is maybe a different word to think of as of now, we do that with pretty direct visibility. The 25% that's not on consignment or not a distribution, we have the same kind of visibility as any supplier where that's on a normal backlog where you talk to customers, but we're not seeing it directly. But for 75%, we have good visibility and we feel good about where inventories are right now in our channels and that our customers. Okay, Vivek. Thank you for your questions.
Operator: At this time, we'll take a question from Chris Caso with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Just a question about some of the extended visibility you said your customers are providing to you. With the lead times not really changed, why do you think the customers are giving you that extended visibility? I guess is it just as simple as they're feeling more confident about the business in the second half? Could you give a little more color on that?
Ron Slaymaker: I think it's a combination of things. I think that's part of it. So as they get more comfortable with their own forecast and their own outlook, they are -- they're more comfortable putting, call it commitment that's associated with backlog on their suppliers. So I think that's part of it. I think the other part of it, and I don't know how to weigh one versus the other is that frankly, I think TI's or some of TI's competitors are out talking to customers, kind of signaling potential upcoming lead time extensions. And when that happens, the customers, for their own benefit, go ahead and try to get backlog placed. And typically, when they do that, they don't just place backlog where they think lead times are going out. They're going to place backlog for full system. And so they're -- we're seeing some of that as well. So I think, again, some of it is customers -- I'm sorry, competitor-induced where they're concerned about their ability to support the full customer demand and their capacity situation, and then the other part of it is just customers' increased confidence in their own demand for their own products. Okay, Chris. Do you have a follow-on?
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Yes. And I guess just following up on that, and I guess to the extent that you have the visibility, do you see the customers and distributors wanting to put on a little more inventory as we go through the holiday season and, again, realizing that your capacity utilization is still probably a lot lower than your competitors, I guess you would see that as an opportunity to kind of pick up some market share there?
Ron Slaymaker: Again, I don't know that -- there's probably some natural inventory that goes along with getting ready for a seasonal holiday build. I don't know at this point that I would just try to distinguish between just higher demand versus inventory replenishment, especially where we have consignment. As I said for distribution, that's 75% of our revenue inventory build of TI chips. Now that's not reflecting us anything about the customers' end product inventory situation. But inventory of TI chips, there is no thing -- no such thing. Basically, we manage the consignment inventory to a certain turns level, so we take responsibility for that. Okay, Chris. Thank you for your questions.
Operator: This question will come from Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: My first question is on CapEx. I know in the past, you talked about having sufficient capacity right now to get to about $18 billion in revenue, meaning keeping the CapEx level pretty low. But is it safe to say that $97 million here this quarter is sort of the low for at least the near term?
Kevin P. March: Tore, we are still holding our forecast for the year at about $500 million. We, as you pointed out, spent $97 million this quarter and we spent about $84 million last quarter. You may recall that we did announce that we were acquiring an assembly test site in Chengdu, China. And, of course, that will require some cash in the second half for us to go ahead and close on that transaction. But I expect that we'll still stay in our $500 million, inside that overall budget for the year. And then going forward, again, for modeling purposes, I would expect us to be at above 4% of revenues going into CapEx, up to $18 billion of revenue, at which point in time, that may change. Although I would also point out, it is our objective to keep watching for inexpensive capacity and to the extent that we can get that and extend that $18 billion ceiling for variable prices, we will be very opportunistic and open to that strategy.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Tore. Do you have follow-on question?
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, just one follow-up. I know this is a segment that you didn't discuss much on this call but it's certainly a high-profile segment. But the Analog business that sell into smartphones and tablets, could you talk a little bit about how that's faring in the current environment, please?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. I guess what I would say is from a -- just even in things like I probably mentioned mid-quarter and I probably might have mentioned earlier in this call, in areas like audio amplifiers, relatively low-profile devices, we don't -- they don't get headlined a lot or whatever, but we have a pretty strong and broad position in the handsets with those types of products. So we feel good about our progress there and position. That also being said, those markets are more vertical, they're more concentrated. And so in this kind of environment, meaning second quarter when you have big customers making inventory adjustments or whatever, they catch up that part of our business as well as all of our competitors that play into those spaces. So we did see some softness associated with that in the second quarter. The good news is, again, our exposure there is much lower than it has historically been as it is in the PC market. And so when you get those vertical markets, making those kinds of adjustments, it doesn't have the same kind of impact on TI that certainly it would have in our past. So hopefully, that answers your question. And with that, we're going to wrap up. Thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: And again, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-22 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker Kevin P. March - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments 1Q '13 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our first quarter earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and relevant non-GAAP reconciliations on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for June 10. At that time, we expect to adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate. Business in the quarter strengthened steadily. You will recall that in our mid-quarter update, we narrowed revenue to the upper half of the original range we set in January. In the end, we finished just below the top of our range. This is a healthy environment, where customers are maintaining lean inventory levels and are relying on TI's short product lead times, well-positioned inventory and strong manufacturing capacity to give them what they want when they want it. As our revenue built in the quarter, it fell through nicely to profit. EPS of $0.32 was at the top of our range of expectations. As we review our first quarterly report for 2013, I believe it is important to note that TI is now a company firmly rooted in Analog and Embedded Processing. These 2 areas made up 77% of our revenue in the quarter, a full 500 basis points more than a year ago. This makes us less dependent on any one customer and on any one end market. As we've noted previously, our largest customer is now in the mid-single digits as a percentage of our total revenue. As more of our revenue comes from Analog and Embedded Processing, our market exposure has also expanded favorably. Today, 35% of our revenue comes from the industrial and automotive markets, more than from the communications market and more than from the computing market. Each of these markets is important, and with more balance in the mix of revenue from each, we expect steadier growth and better returns. The strength of our business model gives us confidence that we can sustainably generate $0.20 to $0.25 of free cash flow for every $1 of revenue, and then return all of it to shareholders except what is required to repay debt. You saw that confidence exhibited in the first quarter, as we raised our dividend by 33% to $1.12 per share annualized and added another $5 billion of share repurchase authorization. In considering our performance and valuation, we believe it is important to pay attention to cash flow from operations and especially to the free cash flow we're generating, in addition to our income statement and balance sheet. We think free cash flow is important for a couple of reasons. First, over the past few years, net income has lagged the amount of free cash that TI generates, and we expect this to continue for a number of years. In fact, free cash flow was more than net income in 4 of the past 5 years. In 2012 alone, free cash flow exceeded net income by $1.16 billion. So why does free cash flow exceed net income and why will this continue? Two primary factors are the amortization of acquisition intangibles associated with National, which will run about $320 million per year for the next 6 years. Also, depreciation expense exceeds our capital expenditure needs, thanks to the strong capacity position we currently have installed and the long life of our manufacturing equipment for Analog and Embedded Processing. In 2012, depreciation exceeded CapEx by $462 million, and our guidance reflects about a $400 million difference in 2013. We expect it will be several more years before this gap closes, considering that our capital expenditures should remain at low levels. The second reason we believe free cash flow is important is that cash returns are an important element of shareholders returns. The more free cash we can generate, the more cash we intend to return to our shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. This is an important benefit to our long-term investors. The end result is that free cash flow, when considered on a trailing 12-month basis, is an important metric for our investors to assess the value of the enterprise and one that determines how much cash we can return to them. Of course, in the short term, any quarterly metric can vary significantly with seasonality and other factors. This is often noise and may not correlate with long-term changes in the intrinsic value of the company. Let me now walk through the quarter's results. I'll note that this is our first financial report based on our updated segment reporting structure. Please see our earnings release for a description of these changes. We have also provided historical information for the new segments on the IR page of our website. Revenue of $2.89 billion declined 8% from a year ago and 3% sequentially. The largest part of the decline in both comparisons was from our legacy wireless products. Analog revenue declined 2% from a year ago and was about even sequentially. From a year ago, Silicon Valley Analog had the largest decline, mostly reflecting its ongoing conversion to a consignment inventory program with our distributors. Sequentially, growth was greatest in Silicon Valley Analog and High Performance Analog, 2 product lines with strong exposure to the industrial market. Growth in these areas was offset by lower revenue in High Volume Analog & Logic and Power Management. Silicon Valley Analog's rate of conversion to consignment at distribution was about the same this quarter as last, but this was not a significant factor in the sequential growth rate. Embedded Processing increased 4% from a year ago and 3% sequentially, with growth in microcontrollers the biggest factor in both comparisons. Our Other segment revenue declined 24% from a year ago and 12% sequentially. In both comparisons, legacy wireless products were the biggest factor in the decline. Revenue from these products was $200 million -- $210 million in the first quarter compared with $339 million a year ago and $270 million in the fourth quarter. We expect this revenue to decline throughout 2013 and essentially be gone by the end of this year. Also, in comparing the Other segment's revenue with the year ago, please note that quarter included about $65 million in business interruption insurance proceeds associated with the earthquake in Japan. Turning to distribution, resales [ph] grew 1% from a year ago and declined 3% from the prior quarter. Distributors were able to further reduce their inventory levels as they continued to rely more heavily upon our consignment program. Now Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin P. March: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. Gross profit of $1.37 million was 47.6% of revenue, down 10% from a year ago and down 5% sequentially. The decline from a year ago was mostly due to lower revenue. The included -- this included business interruption insurance proceeds in the year-ago quarter that fell through strongly to gross profit in that quarter. Sequentially, lower gross profit mostly reflected lower revenue. Operating expenses of $878 million were 10% lower than a year ago, mostly due to cost reductions associated with our legacy wireless product lines, as well as synergies associated with our National acquisition. Sequentially, operating expenses increased 3%, which was mostly tied to seasonal factors such as compensation-related expenses that were primarily offset by savings associated with our Wireless restructuring. Net income in the first quarter was $362 million or $0.32 per share, and includes a $65 million discrete tax benefit from the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit, which was retroactive to the beginning of 2012. We had previously described this credit as part of our guidance for the quarter. I'll point out that, as we have eliminated our Wireless segment, a higher portion of the expenses associated with our corporate activities are being allocated to the remaining segments. We are fully on track to achieve the cost reductions that we described in November with our Wireless restructuring actions, and these gains can be readily observed at the company level. However, profitability in the other segments has been impacted as they now shoulder more of the allocated expense. You will see this in both the comparisons with the year-ago quarter as well as the prior quarter. Let me now comment on our capital management, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $360 million in the quarter. We lowered our inventory by $57 million in the quarter. Inventory days declined to 101 days from 103 days last quarter. We're a little below our long-term targeted range of 105 to 115 days that we communicated in February. However, inventory days will likely rise for the remainder of this year as the Wireless revenue and its associated inventory, which turns at a faster pace, winds down. Capital expenditures were $84 million in the quarter and free cash flow was $276 million. Given the noise that is inherent in quarterly cash flow and its components, it is useful to look at this on a trailing 12-month basis to understand our longer-term trends and progress. On this basis, cash flow from operations was $3.32 billion, up 4% from a year ago. Trailing 12 months capital expenditures were $476 million, down 34% from a year ago. And free cash flow was more than $2.85 billion, up 16% from a year ago. Free cash flow was 23% of revenue for the trailing 12-month period, within our expected range of 20% to 25% of revenue. In the year-ago quarter, trailing 12-month period free cash flow was 18% of revenue. I should note that our capital expenditures for the past 12 months were 4% of revenue. We are operating at the low end of our model, and we believe we can remain at this low level of spending for several years, given our strong capacity position that has been built as a result of our strategic investments of the past few years. The cash flow that will result as we fill up this capacity should be strong in the years ahead. And as we said, strong cash flow, particularly free cash flow, means that we can continue to provide strong cash returns to our shareholders. In the first quarter, TI paid $232 million in dividends and repurchased $679 million of our stock. For the past 12 months, we have paid $856 million in dividends or 30% of our free cash flow. Similarly, we have repurchased $2.18 billion of our stock or 77% of free cash flow. In total, we've returned 107% of free cash flow over the past 12 months. As we explained in February, our capital management strategy is to return all of our free cash flow to shareholders except for what is needed to repay debt. Fundamental to this strategy are our cash management and tax practices. We ended the first quarter with $3.86 billion of cash and short-term investments, with 84% of that amount owned by TI's U.S. entities. This means our assets are productive, and our cash, because it is largely onshore, is readily available by the corporation for a variety of uses, including paying dividends and repurchasing our stock. TI orders grew sequentially, and our book-to-bill ratio was above 1 as our backlog expanded. Customers continue to keep the amount of backlog they have in our books constrained, however. Demand has been rising but we've been executing well to support it, despite not having a lot of extended visibility. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $2.93 billion to $3.17 billion in the second quarter. And at the middle of this range, revenue would increase about 6% sequentially, despite about a 30% expected decline in revenue from our legacy wireless products. As for the rest of our revenue, that would result in growth of about 8.5%, at the middle of our range, a level that is generally consistent with the seasonal average for our second quarter. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.37 to $0.45. For the year, our estimated -- for R&D expense has been reduced to $1.5 billion, down from our prior estimate of $1.6 billion and compared with $1.9 billion in 2012. Most of the reductions from 2012 are a result of our Wireless restructuring activity. Our estimate for capital expenditures remains $500 million, well below our depreciation estimate of $900 million. Our estimated effective tax rate remains at 22%. So in summary, we continue to be encouraged by our strategic progress. TI is now clearly an Analog and Embedded Processing company. We serve a diverse set of customers and end markets, which means we have the opportunity for long-term sustainable growth with less volatility than in our past. The small amount of legacy wireless revenue that remains is quickly winding down. The combination of our rich product portfolio and ample manufacturing capacity has us well positioned for growth in the years ahead. And that growth should continue to drive good cash generation, $0.20 to $0.25 of free cash flow for every $1 of revenue, and we fully intend to continue to return this to you, our shareholders. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. Amber, you can now open the lines up for questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Kevin, I guess for you. As we think about the allocation of OpEx to the Analog and Embedded business as you're moving away from Wireless, one, is it sort of going along as you thought it would in Q1? And what's the pattern we should expect to see in terms of Analog and Embedded profitability as we go through the rest of year?
Kevin P. March: Glen, the allocation that you're talking about is the -- I think you're talking about the allocation of the corporate expenses.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right.
Kevin P. March: And again, just to repeat what I've mentioned a moment ago, because we now have less cost going forward, that corporate cost will allocate to fewer segments. But the burden by those remaining segments will be up. The cost of the corporate activities doesn't scale one for one with the cost of the actual business operations. And consequently, while that will come down a little bit, it won't come down near to the magnitude that the inherent cost will come down as we wind down the Wireless segment. But the result of the allocated cost to remaining segments will be higher. And you can see that incrementally, if you look at the segments that we just published. And on a go-forward basis, those allocated costs will come down a little bit over time, but not significantly. The result is though, as we see revenue growth going on inside the segment, we should see the profitably of the segments continue to improve.
Ron Slaymaker: But as Wireless winds down from here, Kevin, will those allocated costs increase further to Analog and Embedded or are they basically at the run rate for the year?
Kevin P. March: They're pretty close to the run rate for the year that they're going to be at.
Ron Slaymaker: All right. Glen, do you have a follow-on?
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I do. We've had some of your peers talk about growth in the June quarter and basically suggest things are growing, but maybe not growing at a stellar rate. I wonder if you can talk about your order linearity in the quarter, how you -- how that progressed, and maybe your view on sort of the steepness or shallowness, as it were, of the cycle that we're in.
Ron Slaymaker: Glen, I guess -- I'm afraid I don't have a lot further to add than what's inherent in the guidance. So, other than the decline in legacy wireless, we're expecting a seasonal second quarter for the remainder of our revenue. The microanalysis of the quarter and linearity of revenue or linearity of orders, frankly, there's nothing really to be gained there. And what I mean by that is we had a typical first quarter profile on both orders and revenue. We declined around Chinese New Year as we do every year and then it's recovered and bounced back again in the month of March. But nothing really unique in the first quarter profile compared with what we would typically expect in a first quarter. Okay, Glen, thanks for your questions.
Operator: We'll go next to Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: What are you guys planning on doing with the factory loadings in Q2 and any thoughts on the factory loadings at this point for the back half?
Kevin P. March: Yes, Jim, as it relates to loadings, with the increased outlook that we have, we would expect the factory loadings to be higher in 2Q than they were in 1Q. And consequently, utilization charges will, in all likelihood, decline quarter-over-quarter. I expect that the utilization, which was about $150 million of underutilization charge in the first quarter, which was down about $20 million from the fourth quarter, will decline further as we go into second quarter on the back of increased factory loadings.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on question, Jim?
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sure. And I know you guys have kind of taken to using the trend line analysis to think about the industry and underscore that, even though we don't know exactly when things are going to recover, it's just a way to highlight how much we're undershipping sort of what a long-term level is. I think the kind of conventional bear case on that is a, long-term demand is broken now, and that trend line, that a lot of us using, including you guys, isn't relevant anymore. So what do you say to folks when they say that long-term trend line is broken and therefore, that analysis isn't relevant?
Ron Slaymaker: Jim, recently -- we're trying to avoid that discussion. And what I mean by that is we have no unique insight to provide in terms of where we are with respect to that trend line, where we are with respect to the cycle. And so frankly, we're just heads down focusing on trying to gain share in Analog and Embedded Processing regardless of the market environment, and be able to generate free cash flow at the 20% to 25% of revenue level that we described. But we'll leave it to you experts to try to figure out where we are relative to those trends and relative to any cycle considerations. Okay, Jim, thank you for your questions.
Operator: We'll go next to Christopher Danely, JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question is just on -- another one on order trends. So it seems like after this quarter, the Wireless part of your baseband [ph] probably be pretty much de minimis. So if we just continue in the sort of normal seasonal slog, can you just remind us what Q3 normal seasonality is? And will there be or could there be any more depression on your overall sales from Wireless in Q3?
Ron Slaymaker: I think -- well, Chris, I mean, we're saying so in second quarter. We're saying that the Wireless, legacy Wireless, will decline to roughly about $150 million compared with $210 million in first quarter. So there's still $150 million to unwind through the remainder of the year. So the answer is yes, it will likely continue to be a bit of a headwind, but I think we've quantified it. It gets smaller and smaller as every quarter passes by, which means the end is near on that. In terms of third quarter, our historical average is about 5%, and again, I'll put the same caveat on it we always do, there's a wide range about that 5-year average. In our case, it's minus 2% to plus 18% so -- but the average is, in fact, 5%. Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sure. Can you just give us your expectations on the relative growth rates for either your main product lines or end markets for the rest of the year? Or at least give us the status of those?
Kevin P. March: Chris, I would just say that we would expect that, at least for our segments, we're likely to grow at least at the market rate. And because we have been pretty successful at consistently gaining market share for the last 4 or 5 years in each of our target segments of Analog and Embedded Processing, I would expect that we should be able to turn in maybe growth a little bit beyond what the total market itself grows. Beyond that, as Ron mentioned a moment ago, we're probably a little bit hesitant to go off and articulate that we had some kind of expertise or special insight as to the market growth or the economy as a whole. Instead, we remain focused on really growing share and converting that revenue growth into free cash flow. We've targeted 20% to 25%. We just turned in 23% for the last 12 months, and that was in a pretty weak market. So with that in mind, we're pretty encouraged as to what this portfolio can do for our shareholders going forward.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Chris, thank you for questions.
Operator: We'll go next to John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, Kevin, as that Wireless legacy business goes to 0, what would you expect the profitably to be in the other bucket? Is the intent to try to get that to breakeven as revenue goes away, or how should I think about that?
Kevin P. March: John, I would think that, that would be profitable. Because as that Wireless goes to 0, on its way down, it's probably delivering pretty much no profit, because we're taking out cost at about the same rate that the gross profit dollars are coming out. But keep in mind, what else is in there. We have our DLP technologies in there, we have our custom ASIC in there, we have our calculator business in there and we have our royalties in there. And each of those are relatively low R&D, relatively low SG&A type of businesses, so they generate reasonably high margins and attractive cash. So the only thing that will be dragging it down on a go-forward basis, recall that we also take -- we put the acquisition-related charges into that segment, which will run around $85 million a quarter. And we also put restructuring charges into that segment, which this past quarter was about $13 million, and should run about that same level for the next couple of quarters.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, John?
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, quickly as a follow-on, just 2 housekeeping. Did you give an absolute bookings number? And you spent about $680 million buying back stock in the quarter, but share count was kind of flat sequentially. Can you just help me understand, was that just stock price driving more options in the money and dilution, or was there something else going on?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. John, on the bookings, orders were $2.96 billion in the quarter. That was up 9% sequentially and that resulted in a book-to-bill ratio of -- Kevin already said it was positive, but it was 1.03, and that compares to 0.91 in the fourth quarter. Let me add an additional note maybe or asterisk to the book-to-bill. Keep in mind that we now have 45% of our total revenue on consignment. So consignment, by definition, runs a 1.0 book-to-bill. So for the additional 55% of our revenue that's not on consignment, for the total to net out to 1.03, obviously the non-consignment revenue ran well above that 1.03 book-to-bill. So obviously, we have a book-to-bill that's fully supportive of the revenue we have forecast for the next quarter. Kevin, you want to handle the back part of the question?
Kevin P. March: Yes, John, on the question of the stock count relatively flat this quarter, and in the face of the fact that we've repurchased $679 million worth of shares, there are really 2 things going on there. With the increase in stock price and just the natural pending expiration of certain stock options, there was an increase in stock option exercise across the employee base and that, of course, put shares back into the market. At the same time, that stock price increased the dilutive share count. So those 2 elements combined basically held the share count about even in the first quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, John, thanks for your questions.
Operator: We'll go next to Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Had a question on the trajectory of OpEx. So your new R&D guide replies something exiting the year at a run rate of maybe $340 million, $350 million. Is that accurate? Can you give us some idea of, I guess, what the trajectory of OpEx through the year looks like, and how sustainable that run rate exiting the year is going to be going forward? Do you expect that to grow as revenues grow?
Kevin P. March: Yes, Stacy, so just to help everybody else get to that similar conclusion there. We guided R&D to $1.5 billion. We just spent about $420 million, $419 million this past quarter. So you can kind of get to what the balance of the quarters look like. I would point out that, on the Wireless restructuring, we mentioned that we're well on our way to the $450 million in annualized savings. And the best way to see that is probably to take a look at TI -- at third quarter and kind of compare that with where we're at today. And you can see the effect on the R&D line as we begin to unwind the Wireless segment. We're probably about halfway through -- more than halfway through the savings and the R&D as it relates to the Wireless restructuring. And so that will keep on going. And so the kind of math that you're using when you get to year end, from a seasonal basis, probably isn't too far off from what we might expect by the time we get there. And clearly, we'll have such things as pay and benefit increases and so on, on a year-over-year basis and we'll bump that back up as we move into 2014, but I don't expect that to be all that much in relation to the total cost savings that we have. A similar phenomenon on SG&A is likely to occur, although not nearly at the same magnitude. Clearly, the biggest spend in the Wireless restructuring was in the R&D cost category.
Ron Slaymaker: Stacy, do you have a follow-on?
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I do. I wanted to poke into the Embedded Processing margins a bit. So I get the idea that you're allocating more corporate cost around the -- around the other businesses. In this case, so you also lumped in, I guess, the Wireless Embedded? And I just wanted to clarify, I think your plan is have that business at a roughly breakeven OpEx level right now for the Wireless piece. Can you give us -- number one, is that accurate? If it's not, can you tell us what that, I guess, the OpEx burden of that business looks like? And finally, how big does Embedded Processing actually need to get now before you can start driving margins, I guess, at historical levels in that business? Are we -- are you finished increasing the investment levels there? Do we have all we need?
Kevin P. March: Stacy, I'll go ahead and answer that. And if I miss something, maybe Ron can speak up also. What we talked about was that the Embedded Processing technologies of OMAP and Connectivity, when -- we've operated at about breakeven. Keep in mind that the portion that we move from Wireless will be added to a portion, the OMAP portion, that was already serving the Embedded space, in the form of the automotive markets that was already inside the Embedded Processing segment. So when we look at those and combine those, they are at about breakeven on a combined basis. I won't go into details as to what their OpEx levels are, but just suffice it to say that they're at about breakeven on a combined basis. On a go-forward basis, to your question as to what should we expect from Embedded Processing, I would characterize the level of -- the level of investment inside that segment today to no longer require additions of the level that we've been doing in the past couple of years. We are at a point now where we are spending at sufficient levels to invest in product development. And now, it's all about growing the revenue to begin to absorb the costs that are already inside that segment. So at this point, and as you saw in this past quarter, that segment did grow. And it's grown not only on a quarter-over-quarter but year-over-year basis. And so I would expect that we would continue to see some good things out of that segment.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thank you, Stacy, for your questions.
Operator: We'll go next to Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just wanted to follow-up on the trajectory of the OpEx cuts. I mean, should we think about it fairly linear on the R&D side? And then can you just remind us what the target is on the SG&A? You said you thought you could bring it down a little bit, but it -- does it still get back to where your target is?
Kevin P. March: Blayne, I'm not sure what you're talking about on targets per se. I would say that, broadly speaking, we have talked about OpEx, as a collective cost category, to fluctuate between 20% and 30% of our revenues. From where, on a weak cycle, which we're just coming out of right now, we would expect that to be at the upper end of that range, pushing the 30% level. And in fact, in first quarter it was exactly that. It was 30% of our revenues. As our revenue strengthen, we would expect that OpEx to work its way down as a percentage of revenue. And in a strong market, get down to the 20% kind of range. On a go-forward basis, there is still cost to come out, as I mentioned a few moments ago, especially out of the R&D line. Do recall that when we talked about the cost savings that we expected from the Wireless restructuring, $450 million annualized by the end of the year, roughly 75% of that is going to come out of R&D, roughly 15% of that will come out of SG&A and the balance would come out of cost to revenue. So we would expect to see a little bit more lift out of the SG&A as we get later in the year. And largely, this is a timing of the action, certain of our sights around the world that will affect when we see those benefits begin to come through the P&L.
Ron Slaymaker: Right. And I would just add that if you compare where we were in first quarter with R&D compared with third quarter of last year, before we initiated the Wireless restructuring, you'll see that we are well ahead of linearity in terms of the reduction. That being said, probably, linear assumptions from now through the rest of the -- over the next 3 quarters, is probably about the best you could do. The end result likely won't be fully linear, but that's probably about as good as we could get. And I should say we're still -- there is some work we're doing with the Works Council in Europe that could affect the timing of the activity. So there is certainly some uncertainty there just in terms of the exact profile. But we're well on track to achieve the savings, and we'll get the remainder out. Just whether it's linear or sooner or low -- or slower, we'll leave to -- report it as it happens. Do you have a follow-on, Blayne?
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So then just on the drop-through of gross margin in the June guidance, it seems like a little bit below your target. Is that just calculators, or if you can just talk about the different moving pieces on gross margin?
Kevin P. March: Blayne, I'm not sure what you're saying, a little bit below our target. We did talk about that during -- through the course of the cycle, we would expect fall-through -- delta revenue to fall through the GPM would be 75% through the course of the cycle, based upon our historical experience. In fact, we've got pretty good fall-through happening right now, if you do the math on 1Q revenue we just turned in. And we just said, up on the midpoint of the guidance that we just gave, I think we got some pretty reasonable fall-through on that. And in fact, if you take a look at it, it actually makes quite a bit of sense in the context of 2 things. Really, we've got mix improvements as Wireless is coming out, and so Analog and Embedded Processing become a larger portion of our revenue. And as I mentioned earlier in the call, we've got the benefit of the fact that our factory loadings will be up on expectations of higher revenue in second quarter. And so that will have a favorable benefit to our utilization charges.
Ron Slaymaker: So Blayne, just -- I would just -- we don't get down to those individual lines. But in terms of your model, charges in second quarter will probably be pretty similar to where they were in the first quarter. Most of the acquisition charge line is the amortization of acquisitions, and will pretty -- will stay pretty stable for a period of time. The restructuring, as we continue our work to close those 2 older factories, the one in Houston, the one in Hiji, Japan, which will take through probably -- or the second facility will close in second half of that, of this year. So we probably have a couple more quarters where the restructuring charge will be similar to what you saw in first quarter. And so I think if you take that, if you've taken -- if you add to it to the guidance we provided on R&D, you should find your growth -- your incremental margin will be very similar to what we described as the historical level or above. So I think as you continue to scrub that, you'll probably get a refined answer. All right. Blayne, thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. I wonder if you can give us -- and within the Analog business, just some end market color on computing, wireless infrastructure, auto, industrial. Did any market particularly stand out either in Q1 or in terms of the 2Q guidance?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, I certainly can do that, but I'll have to do it for TI overall. I don't give those inputs collected by segment, but I'll make these segment discussions maybe as we go through. So industrial, which affects both Embedded Processing as well as Analog, and we noted specifically Analog SVA, as well as High Performance Analog, we're seeing strength mostly driven by the U.S. and China. Europe and Japan, both continue to be subdued there. I'd have to say it's like everything else, the customers are operating more or less hand-to-mouth. They're not giving a lot of extended visibility, but demand there, overall, is clearly rising. Also as we noted, we're seeing strength in automotive. Most of that is being driven by the U.S. market. Probably the weakest on that front would be in Japan. And then I think for the year, we would expect to see China start to build on the strength for TI as well. When we look in the computing market, specifically, we continue to see weakness in the PC market. And that's really being driven, we believe, by -- likely by additional cannibalization of tablets and smartphones. So we'll see where that goes, but that market remains weak. Consumer, I would describe as mixed. Areas like gaming are weak. TV sales, I would say, overall remain weak, but vary by OEM, with the Japanese OEMs probably the ones that are giving up the most in terms of market share. In handsets or mobile communications, I think even as we talked about in the mid-quarter update, first quarter, we saw, overall, I'd say a little stronger than what we had expected there. But that varies pretty significantly by OEM. So overall, did a little better for us, but not uniformly across customers. And that goes across, again, a lot of different products, both the legacy, but it's also some of the products in Analog that we sell into the handset space. And then finally, comms infrastructure remains weak for us in first quarter. That's along the lines of what we described in the mid-quarter update. And that really just is continuing to be driven by constrained operator spending. We don't believe there's an inventory. We think inventory -- I'm sorry, we don't believe there's an inventory issue. We believe inventories in that space generally remain low, but operators just have not picked up their spending. So I guess if I were to summarize, at least as it applies to first quarter, we saw the PC area and we saw the comms infrastructure area both below our expectations coming into the quarter and what we would describe or characterize as weak. On the flip side, industrial was strong, better than we had expected. Automotive was strong, better than we had expected. And then some of the mobile handset markets also were. Okay, Joe, thank you, and we'll move to your second question.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Sure. And then within the Wireless segment, the stuff that, for you, is discontinued, it was a bit stronger than we thought, both in Q1 and Q2. I wonder if you could address, could that tail be longer in the back half? Or is there sort of a pretty finite life for the next generation of those products comes in and you have a steeper decline?
Ron Slaymaker: We believe that we will have that product line wrapped up by the end of the year. So we have not changed our expectations from the standpoint of the endpoint there. So obviously, there's always some puts and takes there. But it's -- we still expect, by the end of the year, that revenue will essentially be gone. Okay, Joe, thanks for your questions.
Operator: We'll move next to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Kevin, one more question on OpEx. Let me try it a different way. If my model is right, in the last 10 years, I think your SG&A has been consistently below your R&D expense. And when I compare you to more of the pure-play Analogs, ADI, Linear, they're SG&A expense is 20% to 30% below their R&D expense. So I understand that there are some near-term issues you have to take care of, but what will be the trigger for you to lower SG&A below the $1.5 billion R&D expense, as your model becomes closer to what we would think of as a pure-play analog embedded supplier?
Kevin P. March: I think that to look at our history probably isn't a really good predictor, because our history has a big chunk of wireless in it for an extended period of time with a substantial R&D build. So I would offer to you that, that would distort any historical analysis of TI, as a starting point. Beyond that, I think perhaps the biggest thing that's going to be different between TI and other Analog and Embedded Processing players, or potentially different, is the fact that we had made a conscious decision, and we made it a number of years ago, to have a significantly larger sales force than any of our competitors. And that's really on the back of the fact that we have a significantly larger catalog of products than any of our competitors and therefore, there's a lot more to be sold. And the result of that, of course, as we have seen, has been that we have actually been able to achieve market share from our competitors over the last few years, on the back of a larger portfolio of products and a larger sales force. So all that being said, to say that there is no intent to go off and do some kind of significant readjustment to the size of our SG&A bucket. In fact, it's a conscious effort on our part to make sure that we have the world's largest sales force. There will be some costs coming out of the SG&A as we wind down the last of the Wireless sites, specifically the one in Europe that Ron was talking about earlier, and that's subject to finalizing our discussions with the Works Council in Europe. Once that's complete, we would expect that the SG&A to support that site would come out of our costs and take our SG&A levels down a little bit, but I don't think it will achieve the kind of ratio that you are alluding to there.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Vivek?
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, Ron. So second question is on gross margins and capacity utilization. As your mix starts to improve, are you still comfortable with the 75% fall-through to gross margin? What are the puts and takes in that? And when you acquired all the capacity, I understand the cash costs a little bit, but when you acquired all that capacity, global growth expectations already different than what they are right now. So what kind of checks do you have in place to make sure that you are able to utilize all the capacity so it doesn't become a drag on margins in some reasonable period of time, the next, whatever, 2, 3, 4 years?
Kevin P. March: Well, I think I counted maybe a couple questions in there, so let me see if I can remember them all. On the fall-through, we remain comfortable with what we talked about, only by virtue of the fact that, that's what our history has shown us. And that is, through the course of the cycle, up and down, we average 75% fall-through on the delta revenue. Interestingly enough, in any one quarter, you practically never see that 75% fall-through. But across the cycle, you'll see that. And we don't see any reason why the future would be different than what history has shown us for a number of cycles. So I wouldn't expect that to change, in light of the fact that we'll begin to increase our utilization. As to how much capacity are we comfortable with, once again, the utilization charges that we talk about here, in fact, a lot of that is noncash. We've talked for several quarters in a row now, that it's probably half or less is going to be cash related and the rest is noncash. And cash is extremely important because obviously, that results in free cash flow for our shareholders, which I believe when we talk to them, most of them say it's quite important in the context of us being able to provide them with dividends and ongoing stock buybacks. So we will remain focused on the benefit of the free cash flow that this strategy employs for us, as opposed to trying to make adjustments solely for the benefit of a GPM percent calculation, that may or may not benefit free cash flow going forward. So with that being said, there are no plans, other than what we've already announced, for changing the size of our installed manufacturing capacity. And those plans that we've already announced, well the ones we announced 1.5 years ago, and that is the closure of an old small factory that we have in Hiji, Japan, and the closure of an old factory that we have in Houston, both of which will be closed in the second half of this year or by the second half of this year.
Ron Slaymaker: And Vivek, interestingly, when we talk to our large shareholders, which most of which are very long-term in their investment horizon, they describe the idea of buying capacity on the cheap for pennies on the dollar and holding it, even if it's a number of years until we need it, as a no-brainer. And in fact, I think that reflects their own investment style with stock. So again, we feel like we are very well aligned with our largest shareholders in terms of that strategy, and we think we'll continue to deliver good returns with that strategy. Okay, Vivek, thank you for your questions.
Operator: We'll go next to Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On the underutilization charges that you mentioned, Kevin, I think it was -- you said $150 million in this last quarter. Any way to give us a clue on what revenue level those underutilization charges will disappear? And I fully realize that it's more about utilization than revenues. But just to simplify it, any answer on that front will be helpful.
Kevin P. March: I can't give you a specific number on that because it's a mix of the optimal loadings in all the various factories that we have around the world. And we have more than 20 factories around the world, so I don't have a precise answer for you. But I think a 50,000-foot way of thinking about it, is that we have characterized that we believe that we have enough installed capacity to support something approaching $18 billion of revenue. And so in theory, if we went to 100% utilization on that, we clearly do not have an underutilization charge at that revenue level. In fact, underutilization charges never assume that you get to 100% utilization. They assume that you get to something less than that. And again, that varies by factory, and I don't have a precise answer for you on that, Ross.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Nice try, Ross. Do you have a follow-on question?
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, maybe I'll get a little closer with this one. Similar to the prior question on when is SG&A going to go down, actually if I flip that around, I look at your peer group, the R&D as a percentage of sales for most of your analog peers is significantly higher than where it seems you guys are going to be exiting this year. Again, I know you have the Other segment that you don't have to utilize as much, but do you think you can keep the share gains going at whatever pace they have been, with R&D as a percentage of sales being so much below your peer group?
Kevin P. March: Yes, Ross, I'd be cautious on the analysis that you're doing. Because of course, with the segments we reveal only the revenue and the operating profit or PFO. In fact, when you're trying to do your R&D analysis, you're doing it at the company level. And I'd remind you that the comments I made earlier on the call, the level of R&D that we spend in the Other segment is very, very low. And so, in fact, the proportion that's being spent in Analog and EP is probably a little higher mathematically than what you're getting, just like at the company level. In the meantime, again, we have over 100,000 products, we sell them to over 100,000 customers. We actually think that we have plenty of opportunity to continue selling those products -- even more of those products to the same customers, as well as new products to the same customers or new customers. So we're not worried about the R&D spend being able to give us expansion to our portfolio. We're quite confident with where we're at.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes. And, Ross, I would just add that, keep in mind, the reductions that we're doing are, as a result, almost wholly due to the Wireless restructuring, not Analog, not Embedded Processing. And so going forward, we're probably spending at comparable levels in those 2 segments, the Analog and Embedded Processing, than we have in past. And you've seen our results in the past translating to market share gains. So I don't think there's any issue with our spending level, with our portfolio expansion. I'll just give an example, in Embedded Processing, we took the number of products that we have in our portfolio up by 20%. I think that's a reasonably significant expansion in a single year and reflects what's a pretty aggressive R&D spend there. Okay, Ross. I believe that was your follow-up question.
Operator: We'll go next to Ambrish Srivastava with Bank of Montral.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Ron, you did go through the end market breakdown. I just had a question. I'm trying to reconcile the industrial strength that you saw, and you seem to be seeing, with we've had a couple of big and harbingers of that market, GE, as well as, this morning, Caterpillar, come out and sort of have a very cautionary tone. So in your opinion and looking back, is that kind of factored in with the inventory being low and so you continue to see that market strengthening? Or does it take a longer time for that to filter through the order book?
Ron Slaymaker: Ambrish, I don't know that I can correlate what we're seeing to what those 2 guys are describing. I mean, frankly, we don't sell a lot of semiconductors to Caterpillar. And I don't mean to diminish that they may be reflecting something that's going on at a broader macro level, but a lot of what we're seeing in industrial is almost the same type of trend that you see in automobiles. Automobile unit sales can be flat, and we still have a really nice growth opportunity because of the rapid penetration, increased penetration of semiconductors in those markets. When you go into other industrial markets like lighting, and the rapid escalation of LED lighting versus CFL or incandescent, I can tell you, we have a much higher semiconductor content in LED lighting than we do in the prior generations. And that's just an example. I mean you can go across smart thermostats compared to the old electromechanical, you can just find one after the other, where we're now selling significant semiconductor content into those industrial markets, where historically, we sold very little. So I'm not giving up hope that we're going to turn Caterpillar into a huge customer someday. But again, not here and now today. So we're -- things can always change, but we're pretty confident in terms of what we are seeing with our own business. Do you have a follow-on?
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes, I do. And I hope you can sell a lot more content into those GE turbines [ph] as well. My follow-up is on SVA. Last quarter, it kind of went in line with the TI core Analog and this quarter, it's up. Could you please just give us some qualitative measure, or quantitative, as to how SVA is performing? And I know it's early in the turnaround, but just also where are you with the consignment that SVA is going through?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. There's a couple things to say about SVA. One, I think the last couple of quarters have been very encouraging in terms of just the relative performance of SVA compared to the rest of our Analog business. It has been, compared to the other 3 businesses that we have, it's right at the top over the 2 periods. Now those are only 2 quarters out of a year, but keep in mind, our expectations for a year or 2, was that SVA moves up to market level growth, meaning we don't lose market share through those businesses, but we expect that it would probably lag the remainder of our Analog businesses, where they have been gaining share historically. So really good results for the last 2 quarters, still a lot of work to be done. We're not putting a fork in it yet, but it's feeling really good thus far. Status of consignment is, I think as we described back in third quarter, we expect -- we had a total of $100 million, basically, to convert over to consignment. We've done about 1/3 of that in each of the last 2 quarters, so we're about 2/3 of the way through. And our expectation is that, for the remaining 1/3, it will probably take 2 more quarters to get through that consignment changeover completely. So 2/3 of the way through, 1/3 to go over the next 2 quarters. Okay, Ambrish. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go to Tore Svanberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes. The first question, I know you don't talk about linearity, but can you at least talk a little bit about what the puts and takes are for your guidance range?
Ron Slaymaker: Oh, not really, Tore. I mean, there are so many variables, any one of which that can affect whether things are going up or down. But suffice to say, it's hard enough to get the total right without trying to go public on all of the individual assumptions. So obviously, we look at it at that detail level, but in terms of our public guidance and comments, we'll just keep it at the total. Okay. You have a follow-on question? That was pretty easy.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes. No, thanks. This is for Kevin. You're guiding for CapEx to be $500 million. I think you just spent $83 million. So should we model that pretty steep increase in the second half? And if so, what's that for?
Kevin P. March: Yes, Tore, we're holding to $500 million on the CapEx forecast. And we expect that probably most of that will be for wafer fab equipment, with -- I'm sorry, [ph] for assembly test operations with the balance for wafer fab equipment. And that's really just a question of making sure that we've got enough capacity for the volumes that we're actually producing. Keep in mind that, at level there, there's a little bit of capacity expansion but to a large extent, it's line rebalancing and just making sure that things are -- as the demand on certain flows change, we can rebalance the line to handle those demands. I'm comfortable that we will remain inside that CapEx forecast this year at $500 million.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Tore, thank you. And I think at this point, we'll give you back a minute of your time. Thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker Kevin P. March - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments Fourth Quarter Year-end Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and year-end 2012 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and relevant non-GAAP reconciliations on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the news release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for March 7. At that time, we expect to adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate. Let me start with the market environment. Revenue in the fourth quarter was in the upper half of our range of expectations. We expected the environment to be weak again last quarter, and it was. Visibility remains poor, and it is difficult to predict our business trends with precision. That said, we expect revenue in the first quarter to be seasonal except for those wireless mobile product lines that we are exiting. We continue to believe that inventory levels at OEMs and our distribution channels remain low. Even in this weak demand environment, our strategy is producing strong results. Notably, we generated almost $1 billion of free cash flow in the quarter and almost $3 billion in the year. This is a result of a strengthening product portfolio as more of our revenue comes from Analog and Embedded Processing products, 72% in the fourth quarter. It is also a result of our strategic capacity investments over the past few years that have allowed us to reduce capital spending and will now allow us to maintain capital spending at historically low levels in the years ahead, while continuing to have a strong capability for growth. We continue to return our excess capital to our shareholders last year, returning 90% of free cash flow through share repurchases and dividends. Kevin will provide more on this in a few minutes. Let me now walk through the quarter's results. Revenue of $2.98 billion, declined 13% from a year ago and 12% sequentially. Analog revenue declined 2% from a year ago and 9% sequentially. From a year ago, Silicon Valley Analog and High Performance Analog, both catalog-oriented product lines, declined, while High Volume Analog & Logic was about even and Power Management grew. Sequentially, revenues declined in all product lines. In this sequential comparison, we were encouraged that Silicon Valley Analog performed about the same as the other product lines, despite the additional revenue headwinds associated with our conversion of its distribution business to a consignment inventory model. We estimate that we are about 1/3 of the way through the consignment program transition for this product line. Embedded Processing increased 6% from a year ago, mostly due to higher revenue from products sold into communications infrastructure, although revenue from catalog products and automotive products was also higher. Sequentially, Embedded Processing declined 10% with lower revenue in all 3 major product lines. Wireless revenue declined 56% from a year ago. Baseband revenue fell to $64 million and was the majority of the decline, although OMAP applications processors and connectivity products also declined significantly. Sequentially, Wireless revenue fell 2% with connectivity products down, OMAP even and baseband revenue up. Our other segment revenues declined 7% from a year ago and 25% sequentially. From a year ago, the decline was mostly due to the expiration of transitional supply agreements, although DLP revenue also declined. Revenue from custom ASIC products and royalties increased. Sequentially, revenue declined primarily due to the seasonal drop in calculator revenue. Revenue from DLP products and custom ASIC products also declined, while royalties increased. The sequential revenue was also impacted by the non-recurrence of $60 million of business interruption insurance proceeds associated with the 2011 Japan earthquake. Turning to distribution. Revenues -- or resales grew 4% from a year ago and declined 2% from the prior quarter. Distributors reduced their TI inventory by several days in the quarter to a little below 6 weeks. Now Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin P. March: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me start by walking through some of the charges and benefits in the quarter that were included in our reported results. Acquisition charges in the fourth quarter were $88 million. We recorded charges on the restructuring charges/other line of our income statement of $12 million, associated with the previously announced planned closure of several older factories. Together, these acquisition and restructuring charges negatively impacted EPS by $0.06 in the quarter as we had expected and included in our guidance. Additionally, we also reported charges associated with our Wireless business restructuring that we announced in November. At that time, we expected the associated charges to be about $325 million. Charges were higher than we had expected at $351 million. We had expected the EPS impact of this charge to be $0.21, and this was the amount we included in our mid-quarter guidance. It actually came in at about $0.23. Combined, these 3 charges round at $0.28 of EPS in the quarter. Finally, we had a discrete tax benefit in the quarter, primarily associated with additional U.S. tax benefits that we received from manufacturing related to the years 2000 through 2006. This tax benefit and the associated interest was not in our outlook and provided a $0.15 benefit to the earnings per share in the fourth quarter. So let me summarize the impact of the charges and the discrete tax benefits. Reported earnings per share was $0.23. The net of these items I just discussed was a negative impact of $0.13. Since most of you excludes these items from your submissions to First Call, the non-GAAP earnings per share would round to $0.36. Gross profit of $1.45 billion was 48.5% of revenue, a decrease of 17% sequentially. The decline was mostly the result of a lower product revenue through the non-recurrence of $60 million in business interruption proceeds associated with the Japan earthquake was also a negative factor. It's also informative to compare gross profit margin from the year-ago quarter. In that quarter, gross profit was negatively impacted by $103 million of acquisition-related charges. On the surface, this largely explains the 320 basis point increase in gross margin as a percent of revenue. Yet note that revenue is now $441 million lower, and our underutilization expense is $170 million compared with $111 million in the year-ago quarter. If you adjust for the acquisition-related charge and for the underutilization expense, gross margin improved by 270 basis points. I believe this helps highlight the benefit that results as more of our revenue comes from high-quality Analog and Embedded Processing products and as we achieve lower exposure to less profitable Wireless products. Operating expenses of $855 million declined 7% in both comparisons. From a year ago, this mostly reflects lower product development costs and the synergies we've continued to achieve from our acquisition of National, partially offset by increases in sales and marketing costs in Asia from the prior quarter to reflect combination of tight expense control and seasonally lower holiday and vacation time. We also saw the beginnings of savings from our Wireless restructuring. Other income and expense was $39 million of income this quarter due to the interest on our discrete tax benefit. Net income in the fourth quarter was $264 million or $0.23 per share on a GAAP basis. Let me make a few comments on our cash flow and balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $1.09 billion, up $115 million from the prior year for the year-ago quarter and down $119 million from the prior quarter. We made a $280 million contribution to fund our retirement pension plans in the fourth quarter compared with $102 million in the year-ago quarter and $20 million in the prior quarter. We also lowered our inventory by 91 million in the quarter. Inventory days increased to 103 days from 100 days last quarter. This is a level that is within our planning range. Free cash flow was $989 million, up $171 million from the year-ago quarter, as capital expenditures declined, and down $66 million from the prior quarter. Capital expenditures were $96 million in the quarter, down $56 million from a year ago and down $53 million sequentially. Our capital expenditures for the year were less than 4% of revenue. We believe we can continue to operate at the low end of our targeted expenditure range of 4% to 7% of revenue for several years, given our strong capacity position that resulted from our strategic investments over the past few years. As we fill up these low price capacities, the resulting cash flow should be strong. As you've seen in the past, we continue to be responsible stewards of the capital, returning to our shareholders any amounts that we don't need. Accordingly, we used $600 million in the quarter to repurchase 20.6 million shares of TI common stock. This was the same as the prior quarter. We also paid dividends in the quarter of $235 million, up 21% from the prior quarter. Orders of $2.72 billion in the quarter fell by 16% sequentially. TI's book-to-bill ratio declined to 0.91 in the quarter from 0.96 last quarter. The lower backlog reflects the combination of weakening demand, seasonality and customers' unwillingness to commit to extended backlog in an environment of uncertain demand for their own products and short lead times for our products. Turning to our outlook. We expect TI revenue in the range of $2.69 billion to $2.91 billion in the first quarter. At the middle of this range, revenue will be down $179 million sequentially. About 3/4 of this decline is expected to come from the continued wind-down of our wireless mobile product lines, as Wireless segment revenues are expected to decline about $135 million in the first quarter. The remainder of our revenue would therefore decline about 2% at the middle of the range, the decline that is consistent with the seasonal average in the first quarter. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.24 to $0.32. We expect first quarter earnings per share results will be negatively affected by about $0.06 from acquisition and restructuring charges, assuming the company's marginal tax rate of 35%. We also will have a discrete tax benefit of about $65 million or $0.06 per share that results from the reinstatement of the federal R&D tax credit that was made retroactive to the beginning of 2012. Since this wasn't signed into law until January of this year, accounting rules did not allow us to recognize this tax credit in our 2012 income statement. Accordingly, we will record the 2012 R&D tax credit as a discrete tax benefit in the first quarter of 2013. I should note that operating expenses in the first quarter typically increases, reflecting the seasonal timing of increased vacations and holidays in the fourth quarter and annual pay and benefit increases in the first quarter. These pressures will continue to exist this quarter. However, they should be largely offset by savings that are resulting from our Wireless restructuring actions. For the year, our estimate for R&D expense is $1.6 billion. This is down from almost $1.9 billion in 2012 as we benefit from our Wireless restructuring. Our estimate for capital expenditures is $500 million, well below our depreciation estimate of $900 million. Our estimated effective tax rate is 22%. Most of our comments today have been focused on the quarter and not the year, since 2012 is mostly old news at this point. Let me make a few observations now. Our overall revenue declined $910 million in a weak economic environment. The positive impact of including Silicon Valley Analog slightly more than offset our lower wireless baseband revenue as we exited that product line. That is a trade-off that we are happy to make, and the combination of Analog and Embedded Processing was 70% of our revenue for the year. By comparison, 5 years ago, Analog and Embedded Processing were 47% of our revenue. For the year, capital expenditures, even as a percent of depressed revenue, hit a new low, and we expect them to stay low. Free cash flow increased to 23% of revenue for 2012. We expect our free cash flow to remain strong in the years ahead, as our solid capacity positions mean that we have almost half of our capacity today, available to support future growth, while we remain -- maintain capital spending at very low levels. As you've seen in the past, our shareholders will benefit as we continue to return our excess capital to you in the form of share repurchases and higher dividends. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. Before turning to Q&A, let me describe some upcoming changes in our segment financial reporting structure. Beginning with the First Quarter 2013 Financial Report in April, we will transition our segment reporting to align with the company's strategic focus and new organizational structure. The Wireless segment will be eliminated as we have announced that we are winding down investments in these products for the smartphones and consumer tablet markets. Financial results for these products will be included in the other segment for the remainder of their life, which we anticipate will be essentially completed in 2013. Financial results for Wireless products that address embedded applications, a strategic focus for the company, will be reported in the Embedded Processing segments. To facilitate making appropriate adjustments to your financial models, we expect to have historical data for the segments available for you in March. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll first go to C.J. Muse from Barclays.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I apologize if you already covered this. Curious if you could talk end market. I know you're -- you've cited low visibility, but we would love to hear, I guess, your thoughts on how you see the book-to-bill tracking into Q1 and where you see the recovery coming from.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Well, let's start with the question of -- part of your question where you said basically how is it continuing into Q1. And I guess what I would say is again, maybe -- and before I talk about January, just go back and describe what we saw in the fourth quarter with a bit more detail. So fourth quarter revenue declined each month. So obviously, that left December as the weakest month of the quarter. Book-to-bill, as we've noted, was 0.91 in the quarter. And therefore, as you might guess, the demand visibility is poor. What we've seen thus far in January is that both revenue and orders have strengthened when compared with December. So that leads us to an outlook that is a little stronger than the fourth quarter book-to-bill and orders might otherwise have suggested. And again, as we have said, if you exclude the Wireless segment, the -- from the rest of our revenue, we would expect to decline about 2% at the midpoint of our range, really consistent with normal seasonality for a first quarter. By end market, I don't have a lot of color. Probably, the best takeaway is that what we saw in fourth quarter was broadly weak. I'll walk through a couple of end markets. Computing clearly continued to be weak in the quarter. Communications was weak. I think we gave you some pretty good visibility directly into what we were seeing with handsets and tablets. But again, there are some TI-specific trends in there as we're exiting some of those product lines. From an infrastructure standpoint, particularly base stations, again, I would describe that market as weak with spending levels by operators in U.S., Europe and China all remaining constrained to this point. Consumer would maybe be an area where I would say things are somewhat mixed. TV sales remain weak, generally reflecting the economy. Industrial, same, weak. Automotive inside of industrial would be mixed regionally with the sales in the U.S., strong but China and Europe, both weak. And those were more what we were seeing by end market in the fourth quarter, I don't really have any end market color to provide in terms of our first quarter outlook. Do you have a follow-on, C.J.?
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. As a follow-up, in terms of the R&D guidance for the full year, can you discuss what to expected the linearity looks like?
Kevin P. March: C.J., I think -- it'll decline a little bit in the first half as we wind down the Wireless activity. We had some remaining commitments with Wireless customers that we'll have to continue to honor during the first half as we wind that down. And I expect, by the middle of the year, it will probably reach its run rate.
Operator: We'll now go to Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Kevin, just a clarification to make sure I heard it right. Did you say that OpEx would basically be flat sequentially because the cost savings are offsetting the usual seasonality?
Kevin P. March: We do expect OpEx to increase a bit, but it will largely be offset by the savings from the Wireless restructuring that we announced. But it won't be completely offset.
Ron Slaymaker: One more, Ross?
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sure, just looking on the embedded businesses, that's now obviously one of your core businesses. The operating margin in that is seen to have been depressed for 2 years running, even though flat revenue seemed to be what you guys could deliver. Can you talk about is that more of a gross margin or an OpEx-driven phenomenon? And what sort of growth expectations do you have to get the operating margin in that segment back to kind of a historical TI level or a peer group average?
Kevin P. March: Ross, in the Embedded Processing, your observation is accurate. It has been operating at -- operating profit levels below what we have in mind for that business. You may recall that about 1.5 years ago, we stepped up pretty significantly the amount of resources that we were putting into that business, particularly on the microcontroller side as it relates to our field applications engineers and other activities to support the growth in that product portfolio. In the meantime, of course, we've seen some of our stronger markets in the Embedded Processing space, namely the communications infrastructure, being weak for the past year, as well as catalog being somewhat weak in this generally slow macroeconomy. So between the weakness in our 2 larger markets and the fact that we stepped up the investment 1.5 year plus ago, those are combined, it would cause the operating margins to be at levels lower than we would prefer to have them operating at. So really going forward, this is all about getting the revenue line back into a growth mode to absorb the cost structure that's in place in that division today.
Operator: We'll now go to Christopher Danely from JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question, can you just talk about inventory trends, what you expect the disti [distribution] to do in terms of inventory? And then also what do you guys expect to do in terms of your own utilization rates and inventory?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, I'll talk about distribution and I'll let Kevin talk about TI. Again, Chris, let me maybe even add some color to what happened last quarter because that will foretell a little bit about what we should see partly going forward. So if you'll note, we said distribution inventory fell by just over 0.5 week last quarter, ending up at a little under 6 weeks. About 1/3 of that decline is due to the conversion of SVA over to an inventory consignment program at distribution. And so with that still in the early stages, you'll see a few more days of inventory impact over the next couple of quarters associated with that SVA consignment conversion. And again, that would have the effect of lowering each quarter maybe a couple of days disti inventory. And again, that could be overwhelmed by distributors choosing to start replenishing inventory as they prepare for a stronger market environment should they choose to. But that will be the one event that we can't foretell. Kevin, do you want to talk about TI inventory?
Kevin P. March: Yes. Actually, the point that Ron just made about that change in SVA certainly results in net inventory revenue being -- distributors' books winds up being on our books. Our days of inventory were up a couple days in the quarter to 103. Clearly, well within the ranges where we want to carry it out. As we go forward, we'll continue to carry inventory levels similar to what you've seen us carry this past year, 100, 100-plus days as we become more and more Analog and Embedded Processing focused. And if you take a look at most of our competitors, I think you'll find in the recent quarters, the average are between 90 and 130 days of inventories. And you should expect to see us carrying inventory days quite a bit higher than you might have thought about, let's say, 5 years ago. From a utilization standpoint, I think you asked the question on that, Chris. Utilization was down in the quarter, and we had an underutilization charge in the quarter of about $170 million. That compares to about $146 million in the last quarter. We aren't -- we don't have a forecast for where that goes going forward. But keep in mind that production tends to lead expected shipments and typically, we'd see second quarter up seasonally. So we would be sure to be staging inventory in anticipation of a normal seasonal 2Q.
Ron Slaymaker: So maybe if I can just add a little more color. Part of the reason we will carry more inventory as Analog and Embedded grow as a percentage of our revenue is that a high percentage of those products are long-lived catalog devices. They tend to be off the shelf. You tend to carry more inventory on those. And by the way, because of the long-lived nature of them, that inventory has much lower risk of obsolescence than, say, the type of custom products or very high volume products that went to very few customers. That would be represented, for example, in areas like Wireless. So as that mix changes, we become more catalog oriented in terms of the product profile by nature our product -- our inventory will trend up compared to our history. Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, just a quick one. Can you give us sort of what your core business is doing sort of this quarter, normal seasonality? Can you just go into what you think we should be looking at, assuming we get back to normal -- what we should think of as normal seasonality for TI in Q2, 3 and 4? And then also, what would be the impact of the Wireless business going away on top of that seasonality?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Sure, Chris, and I will -- I'm going to start by giving you average 5 years seasonality unadjusted for any outlier years. You can do whatever you want on that. And this already comprehends no Wireless, and it does comprehend SVA as part of TI. So it really is reflective of, I think, the product lines that you are interested in. So first quarter, that 5-year average is minus 3% sequentially. Second quarter is up 9%. And don't forget that second quarter also has probably a couple of points impact at the company level associated with back-to-school seasonality for our calculator product line. Third quarter, sequential average is 5%. And then fourth quarter is down 11%. And similarly, third to fourth has the back-to-school negative transition associated with calculators. So of that down 11%, probably 3 of those points come directly from the calculator product lines. So I guess, all I can say in terms -- that gives you the seasonal pattern adjusted for Wireless. Now of course, this year overriding that, you're going to have a decline in the Wireless revenue. I don't have a profile quarter-by-quarter of what that decline will look like, Chris, other than generally we would expect, as I said previously, that by the end of 2013, that revenue is essentially gone. Baseband will be, I think, the numbers we gave you would put it down sub 1% of TI revenue in the first quarter. Of course, OMAP and the connectivity lines are larger than that, but we would expect that they would be essentially gone by the time we close out 2013.
Operator: We'll now go to John Pitzer from Crdit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess my first question, Kevin, on gross margins. How much did royalty help the December quarter? And as I look into March, I'm trying to reconcile much better mix, probably less of an underutilization charge with gross margins. And maybe I'm just doing my math wrong relative to the midpoint of your guide, that I can't get much above 47.5% to maybe high 47%. Can you help me reconcile that, please?
Kevin P. March: Yes, John. On the gross margins, the royalty in the quarter was about $60 million. Going forward, we expect that's probably going to be about $160 million for the year, give or take a little bit. On the gross margin outlook, I think you're asking about it in your model, keep in mind that I did mention our underutilization charge was up this quarter, as we took our utilization down. But even as we readjust the factories in anticipation of a seasonal up second quarter, average use of utilization across 2 quarters really won't change that much. So we wouldn't expect our underutilization charge to really change much, 4Q to 1Q. I'm not sure what else you have in your model, but that maybe -- and maybe that helps explain where you're getting to.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: No, that is helpful. And I guess, Ron, as my follow-up, when you look at the $180 million left in the Wireless in the March quarter, how much of that is -- well, would you use -- argue as core versus non-core? And had that stayed as a separate bucket, what kind of operating loss should we have expected at that kind of revenue level?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. John, probably, the best I can give you is that if you look at last year, we had -- for the total segment, we had roughly $1.35 billion, $1.36 billion of revenue. About $150 million of that, that was in the Wireless segment, will move over into the Embedded Processing segment. So I think that's what you're calling core there. There are also, just to clarify, there was some OMAP revenue already in the Embedded Processing segment that was addressing automotive, but the amount that was inside of the Wireless segment was about $150 million. I think that ratio is probably pretty consistent with where we were at the end of the year in fourth quarter. So probably, if you use that as a rough starting point for transitioning into first quarter, you would get about the right number. I think we've said that the $135 million decline, I know when I look at just on a percentage basis, what that represented for the Wireless segment was about true for baseband also, meaning, I think that translates to a little over 40% sequential decline in the Wireless segment revenue. It was about that same amount for baseband. So therefore, for OMAP and connectivity, it would also be about that same amount in terms of the mobile side of those product lines. I guess that was your follow-on, John.
Operator: We'll now go with Glen Yeung from Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: When you're thinking about the products that are related to Wireless, for example, you may cross-sell Analog when you're selling Wireless products, have those products sort of followed your expectations now that Wireless is falling off? Are they sort of moving along the lines you would have expected or better or worse?
Ron Slaymaker: I think at this point, Glen, they're probably moving independent of the Wireless actions I guess I would say, which is generally what we would expect. And I think we've talked before even on the conference call that clearly, you can put together a more negative scenario that says yes, but OMAP Connectivity probably pulls along Analog revenue. I would argue that I think our experience has been we have to win those Analog sockets or those Analog opportunities case by case, and there really is not that much of a direct tie to the OMAP and Connectivity business. And then I think we could even put together a more, what I'll call bullish scenario that says a lot of our historical applications processor competitors, we would like to engage with them on their reference designs for Power Management products. But because we were a direct application processor competitor, I suspect there was some hesitancy to engage with TI on the reference design on some of these Analog Power Management opportunities. And we have a great capability in Power Management and Integrated Power Management to align with their product portfolios, and I suspect you'll find that some of those doors open as we're no longer competing directly with them in the application processor space. So again, those are different scenarios that could develop. But I would say, to date, we're not seeing necessarily upside. We're not seeing things ticking down as a result of our Wireless. I think we're seeing things move independent, which probably is roughly as we would expect. Do you have a follow-on, Glen?
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I do. With respect now to maybe a bigger picture question on the cycle -- it sort of comes in 2 parts. One is you're talking about a seasonal second quarter and at the same time, you're saying visibility is relatively low. So I wonder if you can just address that issue. And maybe you can put that in the context of the overall cycle and comparing and contrasting what we're seeing today versus what we may have seen in the past in terms of the way cycles play themselves out.
Ron Slaymaker: Glen, let me just clarify. We have not described our second quarter expectations as seasonal. All I did previously was give the average seasonality, that 5-year average for each of the quarters of the year. We did describe our expectations at the middle of the guidance range for the non-Wireless revenue. Basically, it computes to a down 2%, which we described as seasonal. But we're not trying to, at this point, make any commentary about our expectations for the second quarter.
Operator: We'll now go to Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First one, can you talk about utilization in your RFAB and other fabs? I think, Kevin, you had mentioned about $170 million or so in underutilization charges. Is there a cash versus noncash component on these charges?
Kevin P. March: Vivek, we won't -- I won't go into specific details by factory as to utilization because they fluctuate pretty much every week, every month, every quarter. But I did mention there was $170 million of underutilization charges. And roughly half of that is noncash, half of it, cash, give or take a few million in each side of that.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Vivek?
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. If I were to look at just your profitability, I think in the past, you had set a business model of 55% gross margins and 30% operating margins, if memory serves me right. Now that you were exiting the Wireless segment, how should we think about TI's new business model or operating model once the demand environment normalizes?
Kevin P. March: Vivek, I think, you should think about it as Analog becomes a bigger portion, Analog and Embedded Processing become an ever bigger portion. You should see more of what we've seen in the past, and that is our ability to generate very, very healthy levels of free cash flow. The result of us being more focused in that area is that our CapEx bill, our capital expenditures bill, will be quite low in part because we have already invested at a very low cost and a lot of capacity. And in part because as Analog and Embedded Processing become a bigger portion of our revenue, they actually can use older factories for a longer period of time, and so they'll require less capital renewal. In addition, the R&D bill is more manageable in those spaces versus where we've been, especially in Wireless. And so that will free up cash as well. So as we move forward, I think you should be thinking about us as being able to not only continue to generate the kinds of healthy free cash flow that we have in years past, but probably even improving going forward, which frankly is good news for our shareholders because as they've seen us do for many years now, we tend to return the overwhelming majority of that free cash flow to our shareholders in the form of stock buybacks and dividends, and I expect that we will continue to do so going forward.
Operator: We'll now go to Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sort of a couple of big picture questions. First, excluding the Wireless wind-down, so if we just focus on your core business. Can you give us kind of the big picture puts and takes of why you might see any different cyclical trends than any of your competitors? In other words, as we hear your competitors potentially start to talk more bullishly about the cycle, is there any reason to think that you wouldn't see the same?
Ron Slaymaker: Jim, I suspect very little difference. I mean of course, you have to look at those different competitors and consider how their market exposure compares with TI. I mean, of course, somebody that's highly PC focused is going to have a different dynamic than what TI would. Similarly, somebody that has just a very, very high exposure to industrial might have a different exposure than what -- or with different profile than what TI would with our more broad exposure. But I think what we often find as we go through this process, and you've probably observed is that in the end, we all probably tend to see the same thing, the same market dynamics, with varying pressures as I just described. But coming into the quarter, maybe different levels of just subjective impact on those various guidance going forward. Do you have a follow on, Jim?
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, and I guess I'll stay on that topic for my follow-up. I mean, the reason I really asked the question is because maybe it's just a tone issue or kind of semantics, but relative to a couple of the other companies that have reported and talked about the industry, you guys don't sound quite as upbeat. And again, to your previous answer, I would have expected pretty similar tone and I'm just trying to gauge if there's anything significantly different driving that.
Kevin P. March: Jim, I would just talk that we're respectful of the actual order pattern that we've seen in the last couple of quarters, the book-to-bill of 0.96 in 3Q and 0.91 in 4Q, overall orders declining 16% quarter-over-quarter. That caused us to be respectful as to what the outlook might hold. But while we tempered that a bit, as Ron has indicated earlier in the call, that despite declining sales and revenues, recent 3 months, the fourth quarter, we have seen a turn in that direction in January. And January, certainly, so far is shaping up stronger than what December did. And so for that reason, we're putting our outlook out there and saying we're probably going to be kind of seasonal on the non-Wireless portion of our portfolio.
Operator: We'll now go to Stacy Rasgon from Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: First, for the next quarter's guidance, the Wireless business looks like it's falling off maybe -- am I doing my math right, $135 million would be 65% to 70% of kind of the total business that you have that's actually going away over the next year. But it doesn't look like the OpEx is falling off nearly that much yet. So I guess the question there is, number one, is that math correct? You're having actually a very big -- it sounds like a very big step down, is it on that magnitude? But is the OpEx fall off actually less than you've actually seen the revenue fall off for that business? And then what is the OpEx trend in terms of capturing that $450 million in savings look like through the year? When do we actually have it all in?
Ron Slaymaker: I'll let Kevin discuss the OpEx. But you were talking about -- I may be wrong. But again, what we said was the $317 million in our Wireless segment, that will be down $135 million, which would be about 43%. And Stacy, I totally realize, you may be trying to take a subset of that Wireless segment that ties just to the products that are going away, so...
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: That's right, that's right.
Ron Slaymaker: And I'm not saying that's not wrong. I'm just reiterating what we said. Kevin, do you want to comment on OpEx savings?
Kevin P. March: Yes, on the OpEx, we expect to see that savings feather its way in to the P&L over the course of 2013. We saw a little bit in the fourth quarter, probably something in the $10 million range, probably get another $30 million to $40 million or so as we move into the first quarter and continue at that kind of pace until we get to the end of the year. We talked about that by the time we get to the end of the year, on an annualized basis, we should see about $450 million from the costs coming out of the -- most of the OpEx line.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So it is there to -- go ahead, sorry.
Ron Slaymaker: I was just going to add, Stacy, I think in the first quarter, you have -- you're going to have 2 factors. One is we are exiting these product lines. And the other is just seasonality with some of these wireless customers, which tends to be pretty significant in the fourth to first transition. Go ahead. Do you have a follow on?
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: No, I was just going to -- I guess just as a follow-up on that, is it fair to say then that the hit for the Wireless business in Q1 as a percentage of the stuff should be going away, you're losing more of that revenue in Q1 than you're losing the OpEx. Is that a correct way to think about this?
Kevin P. March: I think maybe that when you think about that as the GPM that we're losing on that revenue, is probably falling away at about the same pace as the OpEx. That may be a better way to think about it. And so what the result is, is that, that division by itself, profitability isn't going to be noticeably different than what we just came through until we get the benefit of the rest of the wind-down of the OpEx on that in the balance of the year.
Ron Slaymaker: And they'll accelerate probably as we move through...
Kevin P. March: Move through the year.
Operator: And we'll go to Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wonder -- if you go back to the analyst meeting earlier in 2012, you talked about the trend line analysis and looked at the sort of we were 19% and [indiscernible] below the trend line and talk about the potential for catching up. And obviously, the weaker macro disrupted that. I believe there was that potential there and it didn't play out. How do you think about that now? How you think about 2013? Are we still below our trend line? Do you think that there's a catch-up and what can drive that to happen?
Kevin P. March: Well, I would say that history -- as soon as you deny the history, you usually wind up finding yourself in trouble. But the history has taught us that we do tend to go back to trend line. It is a little unusual, as you pointed out, Joe, that we haven't made that move back yet. But I would simply say that I wouldn't try challenging the history. I'd say it's probably going to come to pass at some point, a little difficult to call when. What's more important is that operationally, we intend to be ready for it. And by that, what I mean is, we intend to have ample capacity when it comes back. And we intend to do have ample inventory on hand, so that we're able to respond our customers when they do start seeing their normal demand trends occur when they come back toward that trend line.
Ron Slaymaker: And Joe, what I think is really cool about TI's position is we're not sitting here betting our company or betting our future on a particular forecast. We've bought capacity when it was cheap and when it was available and we are in position to support pretty much any kind of upturn profile you can envision over the next year or so. And if it takes a while longer, so be it. We're -- it's fully in the numbers. If it wants to run hard and fast, we're ready to go. So we don't need to go significantly change our capital spending profile to get there. Do you have a follow-on, Joe?
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Sure. The state of the end customer inventories at this point, it seems like that's been lean for several quarters. You had a fair amount of inventory on your books, the distribution channel had enough, and it feels like the customer just hasn't needed to restock. Do you think that dynamic stays in place? Or is there a catalyst that can get a restocking phase to start?
Kevin P. March: Joe, I think that as soon as consumers feel a little bit more confident, have a little bit more sense of certainty as to where things are going, they will probably return to a more normal behavior, which means they won't be continually relying on us being able to ship to them inside the lead times. I think that customers generally perceive that as being a somewhat risky strategy, if in fact, their demand should return. And the big issue, I think, is just waiting for some of the uncertainty to clear up. Certainly, the macro events over the last year have compounded that with the Euro headlines, with the China slowdown, although it does sound like it maybe is beginning to turn a bit on that front. And here in the U.S., of course, the fiscal cliff. We've only had one part of that dealt with so far, and it appears we've got more of that. When some of that stuff gets behind us, I expect our customers will probably go the back to carrying inventory levels that -- where they control their destiny a bit more better than relying on suppliers to be able to ship inside of lead time.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, and certainly, as you said before, any other outcome would be a big bet against history, which tends to repeat itself here.
Operator: And we'll now go to Ambrish Srivastava from Bank of Montral.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Guys, on the Silicon Valley Analog, correct me if I'm wrong, it seems you are a quarter ahead of what you promised us in terms of getting that business in sync with the rest of the Analog. And if so, is it too early to call that turn? Or do you expect to see that pattern in the following quarters? And I have a follow-up, Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, I'll add a little. And then, Kevin, if you want to go with it, can as well. I would not describe it as a quarter ahead. Just if you'll recall, we said in the first year, we expect that the -- we expected that -- let me back up. The first year post-acquisitions, which really ended in third quarter of 2012, we expected that it would continue losing market share, which is a trend that had been on. In the second year, we expected that it would become I would call it market neutral, meaning the market share losses would stop. But it would probably still be lagging TI's overall Analog performance since we have a much stronger history over multiple years of share gains. We really did not expect and do not expect SVA to really start having a strong track record of share gains consistent with the rest of TI Analog until the third year. I shouldn't say we do not expect that. I should say that, that was what we had built into our initial assumptions and modeling pre-acquisition. So as you noted from our comments, we have a quarter here where it performed consistent with the rest of TI Analog, even despite a pretty strong headwind of that consignment conversion in the fourth quarter. But, Ambrish, I would say that is 1 quarter. And even though we found that performance encouraging, by no means are we going to declare success. It's an encouraging sign. But we need to see 4 of those quarters strung together before we start declaring anything for the year. And do you have anything else than that? Okay, do you have a follow-on, Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes. Just moving over to the Embedded side. Could you please refresh our memory, how big is the Comm infrastructure within that segment? And then where are we from the peak level? And if I remember correctly, the gross margin from a normalized level around is about 100 bps higher, 100 to 500 bps higher than the 55% level?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. I'll comment on the revenue mix there and then Kevin, if you have any comments on relative margins. So -- and compared to where we were. So if you just take the year overall, let me just break out the Embedded Processing revenue for you. Catalog was 55% of the revenue mix, and that's the same as it was in 2011. Comms infrastructure was 25% of our Embedded Processing revenue, and that's down about 5 points from where it was in 2011. It was 30% of the mix that year. And then automotive was 20% of our Embedded Processing revenue last year, and that's up from 15%. So that mix is really driven by the disproportionate strength -- and I'm sorry, weakness in the communications infrastructure market last year, combined with the fact that TI has really high market share in that comms infrastructure market. It's a market we think is going to have just really good secular trends in the years ahead. So even though it hurt us a bit in terms of Embedded Processing share last year, we won't forego our position by any means nor make apologies there. And similarly, automotive, just the market was good last year. And TI has a, what I will describe as a building position in automotive. Kevin, do you comments then on the profitability?
Kevin P. March: Yes. As you know, Ambrish, we don't actually report gross margin details of the businesses. But at a high level, if you think about how these businesses run, Embedded Processing really has 3 components that we talked about. The catalog components that are inside there, that tends to be similar to an HPA, SVA kind of business model. And you're going to see margins -- gross margins, probably north of 60%. On the other side, you've got automotive products. And that includes some legacy products that we have in that portfolio. And you will probably see those margin somewhere closer to the 50% level. And then comms infrastructure will tend to run in between the 2 of those over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shawn Webster from Macquarie.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: On the Analog, you talked -- you've already talked a bit about the Silicon Valley Analog. I was wondering if you could share with us some of the dynamics happening in the other segments. It looks like for the year or at least on a year-over-year basis, the High Volume Logic and the Power Management were relatively stronger than the High Performance. I was wondering if you could give us some color either on market share or market dynamics there.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Shawn, let me just -- and most of these will be with respect to the fourth quarter as opposed to necessarily for the full year. But I would say that the HPA decline really was pretty broad-based. So I don't know that I can pull out a particular market or product area. HPA, not quite as much as -- or HPA and SVA, I would say, combined, they have a common characteristic of being more catalog oriented, moving through distribution. They probably have higher industrial exposure than what some of the other 2 areas would have, so potentially that could come in as well. HVAL, I would say, we saw some impact from a few areas. One is the HDD market being weak. The other consideration in the fourth quarter was consumer seasonality basically backing down off of what would typically be a stronger third quarter. And then also in the fourth quarter, we saw automotive being a bit weaker. If you look at the Power Management area, sequential trend there was really driven -- again, I'd say pretty broad-based, but the biggest areas that I would kind of just say were most notable would be declines in notebooks, digital television and then also to a lesser degree, handset. Okay. Do you have a follow-on, Shawn?
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Yes. Just a housekeeping on the tax side of things. So you have a tax benefit in Q1 and you have full year guidance for -- of 22%. Does the 22% include the benefit you'd get in Q1?
Kevin P. March: No, it does not. The benefit in Q1 is a discrete benefit that will be spiked out by itself. It's about $65 million or about $0.06 of EPS. The 22% is the effective tax rate excluding that benefit, so that's the ongoing rate for the year. However, I would note that, that rate does include now the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit for 2013.
Ron Slaymaker: So Shawn, just a kind of hint then when you're looking at your first quarter tax rate in terms of your model, plan on 22%, and then on top of that, add in the $65 million benefit. But if you just look at normal PDT and all that, apply a 22% tax rate and then on top of that, add in the $65 billion -- I'm sorry, $65 million discrete tax benefit. That does not spread across the year or anything like that. So kind of the ongoing rate will be that 22% rate.
Operator: We'll go to Tore Svanberg from Stifel Nicolaus.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, so my first question, you talked about disti resales being down 2% sequentially in the fourth quarter. What were TI's sales to disti in the quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: Kevin is looking. I don't know off the top of my head.
Kevin P. March: Our resales were down a little bit also. Actually, their resales were down a bit, but our sales to them were down a little bit as well, with their inventory declining as we mentioned by a couple days to less than 6 weeks.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes. So again, inventory decline, we shipped in less than they shipped out. But that doesn't necessarily change the growth rate. But anyway, down a little bit as well. Do you have a follow-on, Tore?
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. My follow-on is I know you can't comment really on bookings by end market so far this quarter. But could you comment on maybe by region? Or is this very broad-based, whether it's OEM or disti?
Ron Slaymaker: In terms of the January trends, Tore?
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Correct, yes.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, I don't have a regional breakout. I can offer you a consolation prize and talk about what happened regionally last quarter since we haven't discussed that. But I don't have the month-to-date data by region. In this last quarter, this is a pretty weak consolation prize I'll admit, because it's revenue as opposed to bookings. But in the fourth quarter, we had all regions down, with Asia being down the most. And that would be followed then by the U.S. as well. From there, Europe and Japan. Okay. Sorry, we didn't have that detail for you, Tore. And with that, we're going to close off the call. Before we end, let me remind you that a replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-22 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker Kevin P. March - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Richard K. Templeton - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Special Committee
Analysts: James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Texas Instruments Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and relevant non-GAAP reconciliations on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for December 10. At that time, we expect to adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate. Let me start with market environment. Revenue in the third quarter was in the upper half of our range of expectations. That being said, we expected revenue and demand to be weak, and they were. Similarly, our expectations is that this market weakness will carry forward into the fourth quarter as customers respond to the sluggish macro environment and to poor demand for their products. We continue to believe that inventory levels at OEMs and our distribution channels remain low. Although there could be some adjustments to inventory in light of weak demand, we believe this slowdown is being driven by poor end demand, not a broad inventory adjustment. Even in the weak demand environment, our operations have performed well. We were highly responsive to changing demand and lowered our production loadings accordingly, resulting in lower TI inventory. We remain watchful and ready to respond to changes in demand, up or down, in this uncertain environment. Our lead times are short, our inventory is well-positioned and our factories are highly flexible. We also reduced expenses as we described at our September update. EPS was $0.67 last quarter. This was favorably impacted by a couple of items in the quarter that Kevin will walk through in detail. These items include a benefit for taxes that contributed $0.14 to EPS and a benefit for changes that we made to our Japan pension program that contributed $0.08 to EPS. Neither of these items was comprehended in the guidance we had provided. In any event, we delivered a solid EPS result that exceeded the midpoint of our guidance by $0.05, even allowing for these items. We also generated a lot of cash in the quarter, with free cash flow in excess of $1 billion. Kevin will describe how our opportunistic purchases of capacity over the past few years are now benefiting us on this front. Let me now walk through the third quarter's results. Revenue of $3.39 billion declined 2% from a year ago and grew 2% sequentially. Analog revenue grew 18% from a year ago and was up 2% sequentially. The growth from a year ago was due to the acquisition of National Semiconductor late in the year-ago quarter. Therefore, the revenue comparison only included a week or so of this revenue in the year-ago quarter. The sequential growth was primarily driven by growth in High Volume Analog & Logic, as well as Power Management, offsetting declines in High Performance Analog and Silicon Valley Analog. I should note that we will soon complete our IT systems integration work at SVA and will begin this quarter to implement a consignment inventory program with distribution on the SVA portfolio. As you will recall, we began to implement a consignment inventory program with distribution in 2008, and our experience has been good in that it creates supply chain efficiencies. In short, it allows the distributors' resources to be better optimized on revenue creation for TI products as a result of fewer resources being tied up in inventory carrying costs. For TI, we believe it translates to higher share at our distributors. Revenue per products that are on consignment gets recognized as the distributors pull the products from the hub shortly before they ship to their customers. This means that as we convert part of the SVA portfolio to consignment, revenue recognition for these products will flip out about 2 or 3 months as distributors work down their existing inventory and then start pulling from the consignment hub. In total, about $100 million of SVA revenue will be impacted as we move these products to consignment support over a 2 to 3-quarter period. Since we recognize revenue on a sell-in basis to distribution, during this conversion process, the SVA revenue growth will be negatively impacted. Of course, this is only a timing consideration and will have no effect on resales. It will have minimal impact on TI's overall growth rate. However, it will have a more meaningful impact on SVA growth over this conversion period. Embedded Processing declined 4% from a year ago, driven by lower revenue from products sold into communications infrastructure applications. Automotive and catalog products were both up from a year ago. Sequentially, Embedded Processing grew 2%, driven by catalog products as communications infrastructure products declined and automotive was even. Wireless revenue declined 44% from a year ago and declined 5% sequentially. Baseband revenue was the biggest factor in both comparisons, falling to $54 million in the quarter. Connectivity revenue declined in both comparisons while OMAP revenue increased. Our Other segment revenue declined 11% from a year ago and grew 3% sequentially. From a year ago, revenue declined due to lower DLP revenue, the expiration of transitional supply agreements and lower calculator revenue. The sequential increase was due to $60 million of business interruption insurance proceeds in the quarter that we discussed in our September update, and that was included in our prior guidance. The sequential increase was also driven by higher royalties and calculator revenue. Partially offsetting these increases was lower DLP and custom ASIC revenue. In distribution, resales were about even with the second quarter, and their TI inventory was essentially unchanged. Distributor's TI inventory remains at just under 6.5 weeks. Now Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin P. March: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. As usual, let me start by walking through some of the charges and benefits in the quarter that were included in our reported results. Acquisition charges in the third quarter were $106 million. In the prior quarter, acquisition charges were $104 million. We recorded charges on the restructuring charges and other line of our income statement of $22 million associated with the previously announced planned closure or potential sale of several older factories. In addition, we had a benefit on this same line of $144 million for change to a pension program in Japan. Let me briefly explain the pension change. Defined contribution pension plans in Japan have historically provided for both a corporate pension benefit and a government-mandated Social Security type of benefit. The Japanese government has made an option available for companies that provide defined benefit pension plans to return to the government the mandated portion of the pension plan. Under the rules of this option, the pension liabilities we were required to return to the government exceeded the associated assets. The results -- this resulted in a gain to the company, which we recognized in the quarter. Let me also address the tax benefit. There were a couple of parts to this. The first was a $90 million discrete tax benefit that was primarily the result of an additional U.S. tax benefits for manufacturing related to the years 2007 to 2011. The second part, a $67 million benefit, was due to lowering our estimated effective tax rate for the year from 26% to 22% and the associated cumulative adjustment. Most of these rate change was tied to an increase in the impact of non-U.S. effective tax rates, a change that should continue to benefit TI in the years ahead. The EPS impact on these items was as follows: the acquisition and restructuring charges negatively impacted EPS by $0.07 as we had expected; the tax items benefited EPS by $0.14 and the changes to our Japan pension program benefited EPS by $0.08. Gross profit of $1.74 billion was 51.3% of revenue and increased 5% sequentially. Gross profit resulted from higher revenue, specifically due to the benefit that the $60 million of business interruption insurance proceeds provided to our mix of revenue. Operating expenses of $916 million declined 2% from the second quarter. Other income and expense was $24 million of income this quarter, mostly attributable to gains from an equity investment. Net income in the third quarter was $784 million or $0.67 per share on a GAAP basis. Again, in the EPS calculation, please note that accounting rules require that we allocate a portion of net income to any unvested restricted stock units on which we pay dividend equivalents. In the third quarter, the amount of net income excluded from the EPS calculation was $14 million. If you don't make this adjustment, you'll likely calculate EPS to be $0.69. Let me make a few comments on our cash flow and balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $1.2 billion, up $526 million from the prior quarter. Free cash flow was $1.05 billion, up $523 million from the prior quarter. Our free cash flow was benefiting from having operations that are already well positioned for future growth. Accordingly, capital expenditures were $149 million in the quarter, up $3 million from the prior quarter. Our capital expenditures year-to-date are 4% of revenue, at the very low end of our targeted range of 4% to 7% of revenue. We believe we can continue to operate at the low end of this range for several years given our strong capacity position that resulted from our opportunistic purchases of the past few years. As we fill up this low-priced capacity, the resultant cash flow should be strong. We used $500 million of cash to repay all of our remaining commercial paper in the quarter. We also issued $1.5 billion of long-term debt in the quarter, consisting of $750 million of 3-year notes at a coupon rate of 0.45% and $750 million of 7-year notes with a coupon rate of 1.65%. At the time we issued the debt, these were the lowest ever corporate coupons for notes of these durations. More than 2 months later, these records still hold. Given these historically low rates, we are confident that we will be able to generate solid shareholder returns over time by using these funds for general corporate purposes, including share repurchases. We used $600 million in the quarter to repurchase 20.6 million shares of TI common stock. We repurchased more than twice the number of shares we bought in the prior quarter. We also paid dividends in the quarter of $194 million. We lowered our inventory by $37 million in the quarter. Inventory days were unchanged at 101. Orders of $3.2 billion in the quarter decreased $171 million or 5% sequentially. TI's book-to-bill ratio declined to 0.96 in the quarter from 1.02 last quarter. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $2.83 billion to $3.07 billion in the fourth quarter. At the middle of this range, revenue would decline 13% from the third quarter. Please remember that our calculated revenue typically seasonally declines in the fourth quarter. Accordingly, we expect about a $100 million decline, which would negatively impact the company's growth by about 3 percentage points. Also, the $60 million of business interruption insurance proceeds in the third quarter was the final Japan earthquake settlement, which, therefore, will not recur. This additionally impacts our fourth quarter growth by a couple of percentage points. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.23 to $0.31. We expect the fourth quarter's EPS results will be negatively affected by about $0.06 from acquisition and restructuring charges, assuming the company's marginal tax rate of 35%. For the year, our estimate for R&D expense remains $1.9 billion. Our estimate for capital expenditures has been lowered to about $500 million from our prior estimate of $700 million. We estimate -- effective tax rate has been reduced to 22%, down from our prior estimate of 26%. In summary, our market has weakened, and we expect it will remain so in the fourth quarter as the overall world economy continues to be soft. Especially in this environment, our operations have executed well as we have reduced inventory and lowered expenses in the quarter. Our business model is now focused to squarely on Analog and Embedded Processing, 2 markets with proven histories of solid cash flows and investment returns. We realized there are questions regarding our plans for OMAP and Connectivity products sold into the smartphone and tablets spaces. I can tell you, we are actively working on these plans, but at this point in time, we don't have anything new to share with you. Our free cash flow in excess of $1 billion in the third quarter is a testament both to the business model and to the benefits of our opportunistic purchases of manufacturing equipment over the past few years. The benefits to our shareholders of this business model and as long-term cash generation potential are very tangible as we repurchased $600 million of common stock in the quarter, pay dividends of $194 million and announced a 24% increase in our dividend rate. We remain focused on delivering to this potential. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess the question is kind of a strategic one to start, which is that understanding that a lot of the capacity you have is very strategic and that it's not going to go obsolete. How much lower would the cycle have to get or how much longer would the cycle have to stay at these depressed levels before the company would thinking about -- would think about, taking actions to mitigate some of the short-term capacity and maybe put some margin leverage back in the model?
Kevin P. March: Jim, we don't have any more plans to take any more capacity offline than what we already announced. And what we announced back in the first quarter on the general earnings release was that we would be closing 2 older factories. That's the one in Hiji, Japan and one in Houston, Texas. We expect the factories to close late in the first half of 2013, one of them, and the other one early in the second half of 2013. Right now, our focus is on maintaining the state-of-the-art factories because frankly, their cost is quite low and go ahead and take these older, less economically advantaged factories offline. Do you have a follow-on, Jim?
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, if I could, I'm sorry if I missed it during the prepared remarks. But the factory loadings in Q4 and/or any thoughts about inventory for Q4?
Kevin P. March: The factory loadings in Q3 declined quarter-over-quarter, and so consequently, our underutilization charges did increase. With our reduced outlook for fourth quarter, we're further reducing our factory loadings into the fourth quarter. I won't predict where our inventory actually lands at, but I will point out that we do expect the factory loadings to decrease further in the fourth quarter, which also means our underutilization charges are expected to increase in the fourth quarter as well.
Operator: Our next caller is CJ Muse with Barclays.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess first question, I was hoping you could provide some color around gross margin and OpEx. And I guess within that, you talked about an effective tax rate for the full year of 22% now. So we'd be thinking therefore around 32% in Q4 or if you can provide some help there as well?
Kevin P. March: CJ, there's a couple of things in them, let me make sure I get to them all. But the tax rate, we expect to be 22% in the fourth quarter and going forward, starting from that 22% tax rate, as you build your models and you look out into the future for TI and you try to model our earnings, you should tax the incremental profit at 35% and let that fall through to the implied tax rate for 2013. As it relates to gross margin, gross margin in the quarter was 51.3% of the company level, but I'll remind you that we did have a $60 million insurance reimbursement that came through in the quarter. So that definitely benefited the gross margin a little bit in the quarter. As it relates to your question on OpEx, we did bring OpEx down in the quarter. I believe overall, we're down about $20 million quarter-over-quarter. And as we look out in the fourth quarter, I would expect we would continue to bring OpEx down especially in light of a weaker demand outlook that we've given our guidance.
Ron Slaymaker: So CJ, let me just clarify also. The lower effective tax rate, we made the adjustments in the third quarter that would cumulatively get the year to that tax rate. So therefore, fourth quarter, our expectation is that it would be at that 22% effective tax rate, barring any other additional discrete items. Do you have a follow-on, CJ?
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, one quick one. You talked about the consignment inventory program with SVA. How should we think about, I guess, the impact to revenues from that line item over the next quarter or 2 as that gets built into the model?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, I don't have a quarter-by-quarter guidance to give you. But what we said was it would be about $100 million in total, that will convert over to the program. And at any point in time, the revenue that is converting basically will shift out about 2 to 3 quarters. So as we step -- I'm sorry, 2 to 3 months, and it will move out about 2 to 3 months and we will complete the entire conversion process of that $100 million in 2 to 3 quarters time period. So again, as we, let's say if in the first quarter, just as an example, please don't take this as specific guidance. If we were to convert $40 million of SVA revenue over to this consignment support, basically that $40 million would not be in that first quarter in this upcoming quarter but would move out to the fourth quarter -- I'm sorry, into the first quarter. And then to the extent that we took additional revenue and converted over to consignment, let's say $50 million or $60 million in the following quarter, then there would be another $10 million to $20 million, depending upon the actual amount of additional headwind in that quarter. So again, during the process in which we're converting, so that 2- to 3-quarter time period, there will be a headwind in potentially sequential growth and certainly in year-on-year growth comparisons for SVA. And again, the total amount at the TI level will be pretty minimal. But if you're just looking at the SVA product line, it will be a more meaningful impact to that business.
Operator: And we'll go next to Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You don't want to get into the restructuring on wireless, but can you talk just in general about the operating expense for next year as you think about taking some of the R&D out focused on some of the big vertical markets and focusing on embedded. What's the overall impact on your operating expense structure?
Kevin P. March: Joe, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, there are probably quite a few questions on our plans for the OMAP and Connectivity products as it relates to wireless handsets and tablets, and we don't have any additional comments to give you on that right now as we're working through those plans. But as soon as we do, we will share those with everybody. Do you have a follow-on, Joe?
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Sure, then I'll try a separate question. The dividend increase that you did in the quarter, can you talk about what drove the decision to do that and how you think about uses of cash between the buyback and dividend increases and other opportunities?
Kevin P. March: Sure. I think the decision to increase is really a function of the emerging model for TI as it continues to evolve, and that is even if you take a look at the most recent quarter, about 70% of our revenues were coming from our Analog and Embedded Processing technologies and business units. And those are areas that not only enjoy a relatively robust margins but, because of the R&D and manufacturing nature of those products, produce very robust levels of cash. And as we have been committed to for a long time, we continue to return that cash to our shareholders in the form of those dividends and stock buybacks, and that increase just represents the ongoing confidence of that business model continue to produce that kind of free cash flow in the future.
Operator: We will take our next question from Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In terms of the revenue guidance, even if I subtract the impact of, I guess it's about $260 million from all of the things coming and going, you still appear to be guiding substantially below the book-to-bill. Can you just tell us if there's anything else going on in there? And then also, how will that impact what would be normal seasonality in Q1 or how should we be thinking about Q1?
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, I don't know that -- I think book-to-bill is a -- is one consideration in guidance. Certainly, we look at orders, we look at order trends. One thing I would note that is when we look at order linearity through the course of the quarter, the month of September was the lowest month in the quarter. So that called the trend of orders as we move through the third quarter was a consideration. But, Chris, the other thing I would just is recall that only about 60% of TI's revenue operates on traditional backlog and order entry process. We've got about 40% of our revenue that is supported by consignment programs. And so with the consignment programs, we're getting the forecast information from those customers, but it doesn't show up as an order until the customer actually is ready to take the product or for us to ship the product. So again, orders are part of the story but they're not the whole story there. Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, so you guys are guiding for a pretty tough environment in Q4. It's been tough all year. If this environment persists i.e. if this was the new normal, what -- where or what could you guys do in terms of capacity and OpEx to shore it up a little bit?
Kevin P. March: Chris, I think Jim asked earlier about any capacity considerations that we have and sort of addressed that one, I won't repeat that one. On the OpEx front, as I mentioned early on also, we will be expecting to take tighter controls on that certainly as we go to 4Q and reduced outlook. And we'll continue to manage Opex as we traditionally do to what our revenue outlook is. And so to the extent that the revenue continues to be a challenging environment, we'll continue to manage OpEx in a very tight fashion. I think it's about all I can really give you for color on that right now.
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, I mean, again, we talked about the capacity side. But if your mindset is that Q4 very well might be the new normal, I would just say you're much more pessimistic than TI is about our long-term outlook for our business. I think we view or going through a rough patch for the economy overall, but by no means do we translate that to the new normal for Texas Instruments.
Operator: And our next caller is Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just one clarification. I'm curious why operating margins in your Other segment were so high, I think over 50% of sales. Was there anything special in that segment this quarter?
Kevin P. March: Yes, in the Other segment is where we book these nonrecurring items. So for example the gain that we had on the Japan pitch plan of $140 million -- $144 million was booked into that segment, and also the recovery we had on the business interruption insurance was booked to that segment. So that's another $60 million you saw go in there. So clearly, the 2 of those combined is going to bump up that operating margin percent pretty handsomely.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right. And then the main question is if I look at your core Analog business and if you look at the profitability of that business, just apples-to-apples, how does it compare with what a linear or an Analog devices or a Maxim are doing? Do you think your margins are comparable? If not, why not? I understand that there's a capacity utilization aspect, but what can you do to get close to the profitability of those other companies?
Kevin P. March: I think the publicly reported results of those companies actually show the benefit of the model that we've been trying to develop for TI overall, because it certainly produced very, very high and attractive margins, very low capital intensity and still generate lots of cash. Probably one of the larger differences between TI today and most of our Analog competitors is that we have quite a bit more available capacity than they do. And so clearly, our various segments, including our Analog segment, is experiencing portions of the end utilization charge that we've got as a result of that capacity. But we also believe that with our continuing share gains, and I might mention we do believe we have been gaining share again this year in Analog, that we would expect to fill up that capacity, and so that capacity continues to be quite valuable to our strategic plans as we look forward.
Ron Slaymaker: And, Vivek, I would also just add, when you take the products that TI has in our portfolio and if you compare them to any of those competitors that you might choose, I think our margins are probably very comparable, with the exception of underutilization differences here or there. But in general, the margins that we have for comparable products are very similar to that of our competitors is what I suspect because our pricing strategies are similar. It's not our objective to go out and underprice. It's not our objective to overprice. It's basically price the product competitively, and then try to win on features and performance and support that we can offer that customer. And I think from a cost standpoint, a manufacturing cost standpoint, put our costs probably up against any manufacturers in the world in terms of Analog. So I think that bigger difference, when you look at our business overall, is just that we are a much larger player than any of the companies that you named. And when you -- your strategy is to, as it is in some of those cases, is just to run just a very high gross margin business and be selective only for those pieces of business that support that gross margin, that's a fine strategy for that particular company, but it's going to result in a lower revenue level. Our strategy is to generate a very large Analog business that will generate a very attractive cash flow, and that means we're going to participate in a broader spectrum of business than what some of those more narrow competitors would be. So I would suggest probably that's the bigger difference, and in fact, when we go head-to-head with comparable products to those various competitors, margins are probably very similar.
Operator: And we'll go next to John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I apologize if you mentioned this, but given that we kind of view the core revenue stream a little bit different from the wireless revenue stream, can you talk a little bit about, relative to the overall guide for December, kind of how you see wireless trending sequentially and if there's any significant changes with the components inside of wireless?
Kevin P. March: John, I think with wireless, we just recorded this, if you think of the 3 pieces inside, then you got OMAP, Connectivity and baseband. Baseband just reported about $54 million in the third quarter, and we expect that to be probably about the same in fourth quarter. As for the rest of wireless, going into those areas, probably going to be sub-$200 million is what we expect in the fourth quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: And that's OMAP Connectivity in third quarter were $270 million, so probably dipping more so than the company overall. And even though we don't generally give guidance further out, we told you for some time that baseband will continue to decline and essentially be gone in 2013. Our expectation is that flat fourth quarter and then probably cut in half sequentially as we roll in the first quarter. And at that point, we're down below 1% of TI's total revenue. So essentially down to 0. Do you have a follow-on, John?
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, Ron, just relative to your answer to Chris about the disconnect between book-to-bill in September quarter versus guide in December. I think you said September was the worst month of the September quarter. Just kind of curious, as we look in here to October, have you guys found the bottom yet in the business or how would you kind of characterize the start to this quarter versus the finish of the last quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: John, I don't -- I would say it is running very consistent with the outlook that we provided. We're not -- it's not a big bounce-back that's would cause us to question the numbers we've given nor has it deteriorated such to the point that whether we question those numbers again. So again, probably no real trend change in the month of October that would cause us to revisit one or the other. I guess one thing I could point out, and this is not so much for the month of October, but if you just look back at third quarter, another metric -- we look at our cancellations, and cancellations in the quarter actually were down sequentially. And I would say would be down below what we would consider normal levels. So when we take that data and put it together, we had a small upside in the quarter, it really just kind of points to that view that we have customers and distributors really running lean levels of inventory and continuing to provide us short visibility in orders that they placed in the form of backlog. So at the same time, we're in a position where our lead times are short, our inventory is sufficient. It allows us to operate well in that environment, but it's the nature of the market environment we're operating in.
Operator: And we'll take our next caller, Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: For the third one around wireless, I know you don't -- you're not prepared to give any guidance on what you're going to do. But in general, I was wondering if you could talk a bit about how easy it actually is to separate out the embedded portion of OMAP and Connectivity from the more traditional wireless? How easy is it to separate those 2 disparate R&D organizations, and how does the R&D intensity between those 2 actually look?
Kevin P. March: Yes, the separation, certainly from a product standpoint, is fairly straightforward. But as you point out, from an R&D standpoint, the engineering teams, that's a bit more of an effort. There are some people devoted exclusively to the Embedded Processing applications of those technologies as opposed to the wireless or the tablet and cellphone applications. And there are some engineering teams that actually cross both areas because there's some commonality. But that's the one that's probably a little more challenging to -- for realignment purposes. As it relates to -- on a go-forward basis, the separation, the -- we find that business is under way. But again, we'll report on that when we have a little bit more behind us in the future.
Ron Slaymaker: Stacy, probably one thing I could add because I think you were just saying, you're asking not specific plans but how does the R&D intensity on the embedded side compare with the R&D intensity on -- for smartphones and tablets. And the answer is it's less on the embedded side. Our -- what we found thus far is that OMAP and Connectivity for embedded applications looks a lot like our other embedded product lines in many ways from an R&D perspective. So for example, a lot of the R&D that we spend on the embedded side is focused on creating derivative, basically looking at different -- just interfaces, et cetera, that you put around on packaging, various qualification options, a lot more in the form of application nodes, software as opposed to in smartphones and tablets where you're on a pretty rapid cadence of introducing a completely new architecture generation. So that part can slow down, and you focus more on spinning off derivative product investment. So from that standpoint, R&D on the embedded side of OMAP and Connectivity is a lower investment than what's needed on the smartphone and tablet side. Do you have a follow-on there, Stacy?
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just very briefly, last quarter when it came time to talk about what Q4 seasonality looked like, you actually gave the details of a calculation correcting for Nat Semi, correcting for base and roll-off, and I think you even posted the details on the website. Could you give me -- give us an idea of what that same calculation actually would look like just on a historical basis for Q1?
Ron Slaymaker: For Q1? Sure. It is basically flat. It really is flat. So I think if you just do a 5-year average, you would see TI revenue down 4%. But that includes a pretty dramatic drop in the first quarter of 2009. So I exclude that as an outlier. Basically, I get TI revenue flat fourth quarter to first. And that holds true for our calculator business as well as business overall. So we don't have any kind of significant calculator seasonality in Q1 that would affect us the way it does in Q4. Okay, Stacy? And again, to your point, that's not -- if you go back and look at the record books, that's not necessarily a -- as a reported number. That is including SVA historical revenue and excluding baseband, and we make both of those adjustments really to try to mirror what our current portfolio looks like and what those historical trends might tell you about revenue trends on a go-forward basis.
Operator: And we'll go next to Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If I look at the sequential decline that you've provided for the fourth quarter, and I recognized there are some puts and takes in there that we can adjust for. It's still amounts to the third worst sequential decline for TI in the last 10 years. I think it's the sixth worst sequential decline for the company in the last 20 years. I wonder if you can talk about, in light of those facts, talk about what you think may be different than how things were in the past periods when things got this bad? Is it different? Is it the same? How has the environment changed?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Mr. Sunshine, I'll let Kevin answer your question.
Kevin P. March: Okay. Glen, I think that, just from a macro standpoint, certainly there's a lot of -- we just kind of surveyed the global environment. We're looking that -- in the U.S., you got a fiscal cliff that people are wondering what's going to wind up happening. You got a potential change in many people in the national government and lots of discussion about regulatory and tax changes, and that's certainly causing people to kind of sit on the sidelines and perhaps wait and see what new rules are going to be. In China, you got this similar sort of thing and they've got a once in 10-year change in their government happening this fall. And you got to imagine that those business people have a similar perspective that some of the rules may change with the new government, and so therefore they would also be inclined to slow down much the same way as we see here in the Americas. And finally, in Europe, again similar. Everybody knows there's a serious debt problem that must be addressed, and that's going to require some meaningful change, certainly in the tax environment and other regulatory elements there. You can imagine a similar sort of thing there. So I'd say that if I tried to compare this environment to some of those doom and gloom ones that you just alluded to in the last 10 years or more, these are certainly 3 examples of things that are probably quite different from any time during those past 10 years.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Glen?
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, it kind of relates to the first one because actually in those doom and gloom periods, what's interesting is that they don't last all that long. And one that would argue actually that maybe there's a recovery that's coming in the next couple of quarters. I want -- I'd say that, and on the other hand, I hear from some of these industrial companies, not chip companies, that we could be in this kind of environment for the next 4, 5, 6 quarters. I wonder when you think about 2013 and how you're shaping the business, the cost structure for the business, are you sort of gearing for a flattish kind of environment just to be on the safe side? Or are you hoping that there's -- are you thinking that there's some kind of recovery that's bound to happen given how bad things are now?
Ron Slaymaker: And before Kevin answers the question on kind of what we might be thinking about in costs, et cetera, let me just remind that if we go back to late fourth quarter, late 2008, early 2009, how many of us, as we were going into that downturn, thought we were entering into a multi-year period of weakness. And it lasted 2 quarters, and we were back up to the races again. So I think we all need to be aware of how wrong we've been in the past and what that might say about where we are today. Kevin?
Kevin P. March: I think Ron just said it. What I'm about to say is going to be wrong. Let me just say that clearly, what we have done, Glen, is anticipate that we're going to grow TI whether or not the economy rose and prices along with it, will we grow because we're able to compete more successfully against our competitors with better product and better manufacturing remains to be seen. But that's why we invested in the manufacturing capacity that we have, and it's already bought and paid for. So even if we do wind up with a flat environment that's unattractive or a very strong growth environment that's very attractive, our manufacturing footprint is taken care of. Our CapEx bill is basically behind us, and so the result should be either -- whether result of growth is going to be very nice in the bottom line but certainly to the cash generation that, that will deliver for us. As it relates on the OpEx front, clearly in the near term, we're slowing down OpEx expenditures in light of the revenue environment that we're looking at. And we'll look into them and manage those pretty tightly. You may recall that we had talked in the past the model that we have for OpEx was that in periods of relatively weak revenue growth, our OpEx is probably going to be pushing up towards 30%. And in periods of stronger revenue growth, our OpEx will slide down closer to 20%. We're just -- we're probably in the mid to upper 20s right now, and we'll have to see where we'll go. But we will be operating with Opex inside those ranges, and we'll just see where the revenue outlook actually takes us and adjust accordingly.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Back to the SVA side and the conversion to consignment, can you give us a ballpark of the absolute revenues for SVA? And in your fourth quarter guidance, are you assuming that, that consignment transaction or transition actually hits the revenues starting in the fourth quarter there?
Ron Slaymaker: It will begin in fourth quarter. So it will have an impact on revenues in fourth quarter, and that's fully comprehended to the extent we have it in our guidance. Also, in terms of the SVA side, first half of this year, I don't have this updated through third quarter, but first half of this year, SVA was about 20% of our overall Analog revenue. So you can scale it from there. So a follow-on, Ross?
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, switching gears to the often forgotten Other category, it seemed like you guys had a couple of things going very well in that, with insurance and calculators. So it seems to be up roughly $90 million, $100 million sequentially, but the whole segment only grew I think $18 million sequentially. So it seems like there was a big drop-off in something else. Can you just talk through what happened in the other parts of Other?
Kevin P. March: Yes, on a -- certainly, the business interruption was up. You're talking about the revenues, so that's the business interruption insurance that went through the revenue line, driving that up, and that was offset by DLP being down and ASIC being down on a sequential basis. Those are the 3 main moving parts inside there.
Operator: And we'll take our next caller, Tore Svanberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: This one's for Kevin. Kevin, if I take out the insurance proceeds, the gross margin was still up sequentially, yet your production was down. So are we just looking at an improving mix here?
Kevin P. March: Yes.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Is that all I get?
Kevin P. March: Yes.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, that was easy. You have a follow-on, Tore?
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, and this one's for you, Ron. You mentioned that what you're expecting in Q4 is basically customer demand being down, yet you're giving a very wide range. So what are some of the moving parts here as far as your customers are concerned? Because again, you're saying there's no inventory adjustment, this is just true demand. So I'm just wondering why the wide range?
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, that's pretty straightforward, Tore, and it has to do with lead times that are running short. This isn't a case where lead times are on average 12 weeks. We would come into the quarter with the quarter pretty much fully booked. In this case, lead times are very short, and so there really is a, based upon our backlog, the backlog is not the full story. So things could turn out better than what we have at the middle of our guidance range or they could turn out worse, and that's why we give a range of revenue guidance. But especially in an environment like this where there's just a lot of moving pieces going on with the overall economic situation, as Kevin pointed out, and our backlog visibility is running short as our lead times.
Operator: And we'll go next to David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: If we look at -- if we back out the effect of the accounting changes, do you expect that your Silicon Valley Analog performance is going to be better, the same or worse than the rest of your Analog over the next few quarters in terms of year-over-year growth?
Ron Slaymaker: David, I think what we've said for in general, that our assumptions when we were basically running our own internal calculations on a potential financial returns of that acquisition, our assumptions that we build in were that in the first year, SVA would continue to lose market share as it had been pre- acquisition. In the second year, after the acquisition, we expected that we would have it running market neutral. So possibly less than TI's overall Analog business but at least running neutral with the market from a market share standpoint. And then in the third year is when we expect it to have it growing faster than the market and consistent with TI's own Analog business. So our expectation is that we will do that, if not better. Certainly, the first year, it lagged the market. We're coming into that period where again, if you look probably more from a resale perspective where it's unaffected by the consignment conversion, then we would expect that we have SVA growing consistent with the overall market. But also, as you point out, when you look at -- with that conversion, there will be some -- it will grow at a lower rate than what resale should show. Okay, David, and do you have a follow-on question?
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, following your announcement of your strategic plan for OMAP and Connectivity, do you reckon any of your current OMAP or Connectivity business is associated with end-of-life buys?
Kevin P. March: David, we don't have any plans for end-of-life buys. We're going to support customers on whatever products they want to order, and that's the way we'll deal with that, which is typically how we'll deal with these things. When we, in the past, have changed the internal resource focus for other opportunities inside our portfolio, we've continued to honor whatever customers want on the old product, and we'll continue to do that on this as well.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I actually have one quick one, Ron. I don't think you tested the end markets. Where there any end market [indiscernible] we're showing signs with civilization?
Ron Slaymaker: Ambrish, you are not -- I could not hear you. If you could maybe pick up your receiver and repeat your question?
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: My question was I don't think you went into the end markets or geographies. You talked about wireless, but what's going on with the specific end markets? Are there any that are showing signs of worse deceleration or any geography that is getting worse or better?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Ambrish. I can walk through it. What I would say is the weakness is pretty broad-based though with a very few exceptions. If we look at the industrial market, I think you've heard from other companies that have reported as well, the industrial market is weak. It affected TI revenue, especially in areas such as Silicon Valley Analog and High Performance Analog. And I think from a regional standpoint, this shows up especially in the U.S. and European regions. Automotive, I would describe as mixed, where U.S. sales of automobile, so in-sales, continue to grow. But if you look at regions like China and Europe, they're declining. If you look at TI's revenue, our automotive revenue in Embedded Processing was even, and our Analog automotive revenue increased a small amount. Moving over to wireless infrastructure, I think as we talked about even at the mid-quarter update, that revenue was weak for TI, a combination of lower purchases by carriers and even adjustments of inventory as a result from OEMs in that space. I think as it affects TI, WCDMA continues to dominate the air standard demand overall, and TI played there strongly. Although you're seeing probably growth, and you've seen this probably in some other companies' reports, on the LTE side, although I would say that spending is a bit volatile or erratic quarter-to-quarter. And again, we play on both WCDMA as well as LTE. From a regional standpoint there, I would say China continues to be weak, as well as slowdowns in the U.S. are contributing to the weakness as well. If you look over in computing, no surprise there. There is a lot of weakness both on the commercial side as well as public spending. Don't know the impact of Windows 8, don't know the impact that tablets are having on cannibalization. All I know is our revenue, as we sold into that space, generally was weak, including in the peripheral space, so meaning hard disk drives and printers. Probably one area of exception would be in our Analog battery management products, that revenue actually was up in PCs and in notebook chargers. But in both cases, that really is due to share gains from TI as opposed to strength in the market. But last story I would mention would be consumer. There, we're seeing seasonal growth really being driven by gaming and audio type of products, backlog visibility there in -- especially into the back-half of Q4 is pretty short, and we expect fourth quarter to see a seasonal decline, again, driven by the same areas. Okay, your question on the geographic split. U.S. was down, Europe was down, Japan was down. The one area that grew was Asia, and of course, Asia is large enough to offset all those other areas because about 2/3 of our revenue ships into Asia. Do you have a follow-on, Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I actually do, Ron. Just trying to tie back inventory and what we're hearing from the industrial guys. So for instance, Caterpillar is now talking about their dealers reducing inventory, how does that -- and I've been also of the view that inventory has been lean in the channel, and maybe I'm wrong as well because now that starts getting flushed back into the system. Does that then translate into inventory getting elevated again, specifically in areas like industrial? And any perspective would be helpful, Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: I'm sorry, you're -- Ambrish, you said some of these players are saying their inventory -- their end product inventory needs to be reduced?
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Not any reference, specifically referring to Caterpillar, which said that their dealers are reducing inventory, something to that effect. So my question is inventory has been low but now the demand decelerating the way it is, it is the 6, 6.5 weeks at a risk of getting elevated over the next quarter or so?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, I understand. Let me first of all say, when we're talking about inventory, of course, we're referring to inventory of TI components. Generally, even at our OEMs much less for customers that purchased through distributors, we don't have a lot of downstream visibility into their end products and into their inventory. To the extent -- I think distributors are trying just like TI as to really stay on top of the demand trends and make inventory adjustments on a real-time basis, so that they do not get into an excess situation. I think over the last few quarters, you've heard us talking about distributor inventory holding at about or just below 6.5 weeks I think for 3 quarters now. So -- and clearly, revenues have been shifting around, and we've had a few surprises in that environment. So I guess what I would say is I think distributors, OEM customers, TI, ourselves, we're all trying to just really keep aligned with end demand to avoid inventory going one way or the other. There's just a lot of sensitivity there. So hopefully, we do that going forward.
Operator: And we'll take that final caller, Doug Freedman with RBC.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: When I look at your comments about just the conversation you just started as far as inventories and what's going on, you do have a high consignment turns that you guys execute to. How well is your product output lining up with the customer demand as such? How long can we continue to provide these low lead times before you end up with a mismatch to a forecast that drives some extension there?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, I think our goal would be to do it for an extended period of time now. That doesn't always work through, but one of the things you see is that we're running, what, 101 days of inventory? If you compare that back to early '09. I believe we were in the mid-70s or so in terms of days of inventory. So we are carrying a different level of inventory, and part of that is because our portfolio changed. We are much more about standard or catalog product these days where off-the-shelf availability is important. And by the way, the risks of that inventory is also lower because we have lots of different customers that we can sell into with these same products. And typically, these are very long-lived products. So again, just the risk of carrying that inventory is lower. So I would say that's probably our biggest consideration and protection against what you just described, as well as keeping our factories prime to go and flexible up or down. Do you have a follow-on, Doug?
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I guess my follow-on is really looking at those factories, and I might try to steal Ross' follow-up as well. When you look at your factories in Q4, how many shutdown days do we have, and is there an expectation that you're going to have to keep some shutdown in Q1? And then my Ross' follow-up really is just looking at your forward guidance. You basically have offered us enough numbers on the other and the mobile group. I'm coming up with about 8% to 9% decline sequentially for Embedded Processing and Analog, if you were to guide by group. Does that -- is that computing properly?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, I don't have -- other than the information we provided for you on wireless, I don't have a -- or I'm going to -- not going to break the guidance down segment-by-segment. So that's -- those kinds of assumptions are what you guys get paid to do. In terms of shutdown, obviously, when our utilization goes down and runs low, there are a lot of different methods that we use to maintain the efficiency of our factories. And so shutdowns and idling and scheduling vacation or holiday times and breaks are part of what we do. But I don't have anything to set here and discuss publicly in terms of how we will deal with it other than those are usually part of the mix. Before we end this call, let me remind you that we have an upcoming investor meeting on November 1 at our Silicon Valley Analog facility in Santa Clara, California. At this meeting, our Analog manager, Brian Crutcher, and his management team will update investors on our strategy for growth in Analog and our execution progress. So if you have not already registered for this meeting, please do so or contact us if you need additional information. Of course, if you're unable to attend the meeting, we will have it webcast live and available on our website. With that, let me thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference, and we do thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker Kevin P. March - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for September 11. At that time, we expect to adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate. Let me start with the market environment. Revenue in the second quarter landed in the middle of our guidance range, with sequential growth of 7%. Orders grew and backlog expanded, although at a slower pace overall than in the first quarter. Also, there was a clear downshift in our order momentum in the month of June. Even though we believe inventory of TI products is low at our OEM customers and distributors, both are reluctant to place new orders and commit to backlog given the uncertainty in the overall economic environment. This, combined with lead times that are largely below 6 weeks, has resulted in our window of backlog coverage narrowing. Although backlog for July and August has filled in consistent with a typical third quarter, at this point, our visibility is somewhat reduced for the month of September. This could reflect a range of reasons and potential outcomes. On the one hand, customers could be anticipating their own businesses to slow. On the other hand, customers may simply be waiting until the last minute to place orders, given short lead times. Regardless, as a result of this increased uncertainty, we are being more cautious ourselves in planning for the third quarter and are currently expecting a below-seasonal quarter, with revenue at the middle of our guidance range projected to be about even with the second quarter. If customer demand builds as the quarter progresses, we are well positioned with short lead times, strong inventory and available manufacturing capacity to support a higher level of shipments. Let me now walk through the second quarter's results. Revenue of $3.34 billion declined 4% from a year ago and grew 7% sequentially. Analog revenue grew 13% from a year ago and was up 7% sequentially. The growth from a year ago was due to the acquisition of National Semiconductor and, therefore, the inclusion of Silicon Valley Analog revenue in the second quarter that wasn't included a year ago. The sequential growth was primarily driven by growth in Power Management. Embedded Processing revenue declined 15% from a year ago, with both communications infrastructure and catalog products down. Sequentially, Embedded Processing grew 8%, primarily driven by strong growth in communications infrastructure. Wireless revenue declined 39% from a year ago, primarily due to lower baseband revenue. Sequentially, Wireless revenue declined 8% due to lower OMAP revenue. Baseband revenue ticked up a few million dollars to $90 million in the quarter, although we expect it to step down to about $50 million in the third quarter as we continue to wind down this product line. Our other segment revenue declined 4% from a year ago and grew 16% sequentially. From a year ago, revenue declined due to the expiration of our transitional supply agreements from previously acquired factories in Japan and China. Sequentially, revenue growth was driven by higher demand for DLP products as well as the seasonal increase in calculators. In distribution, resales sequential growth of 7% matched the pace of TI's overall revenue growth. Distributors reduced inventory levels by a day and are holding a little less than 6.5 weeks of inventory. Most are waiting until there are clear signs of higher-end demand before they are willing to carry more. Now, Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin P. March: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. As I've done in the past couple of quarters, let me start by walking through some of the charges in the quarter that were included in our reported results. Acquisition charges in the second quarter were $104 million. In the prior quarter, total acquisition-related charges were $174 million, consisting of $153 million in acquisition charges and $21 million in cost of revenue. In addition, we also had restructuring charges of $13 million in the second quarter compared with $10 million in the first quarter. In total, the EPS impact of these charges was $0.06 in the second quarter compared with $0.10 in the first quarter. Gross profit of $1.65 billion was 49.5% of revenue, and increased 8% sequentially. Recall that in the first quarter, we benefited from about $65 million of insurance proceeds that helped gross profit and gross margin. Operating expenses of $936 million declined about 4% from the first quarter. At 28% of revenue, operating expenses have moved back into the 20% to 30% range that we target over the course of the cycle. Our second quarter results included a cumulative adjustment for a revision in our annual tax rate as well as a $10 million discrete tax benefit. Net income in the first quarter was $446 million or $0.38 per share on a GAAP basis before charges. Again, in the EPS calculation, please note that accounting rules require that we allocate a portion of net income to any unvested restricted stock units on which we pay dividend equivalents. In the second quarter, the amount of net income excluded from the EPS calculation was $8 million. If you don't make this adjustment, you'll likely calculate EPS to be $0.01 higher than we have reported. Let me make a few comments on our cash flow and balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $675 million, up $226 million from the prior quarter. Capital expenditures were $146 million in the quarter, up $43 million from the prior quarter. I should note that year-to-date, capital spending has been about 4% of revenue as we benefit from having pulled ahead fab spending through opportunistic purchases over the past few years. We used cash to repay an additional $200 million of our outstanding commercial paper in the quarter, bringing the remaining balance of this obligation down to $500 million. We also retired $375 million of maturing debt that we assumed in the acquisition of National Semiconductor. We used $300 million in the quarter to repurchase 9.6 million shares of TI common stock and paid dividends of $195 million. We increased our inventory by $32 million in the quarter, although inventory days declined to 101. Orders of $3.41 billion in the quarter increased $174 million or 5% sequentially. TI's book-to-bill ratio was 1.02 in the quarter. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.21 billion to $3.47 billion in the third quarter. At the middle of this range, revenue would be about even with the second quarter. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.34 to $0.42. We expect the third quarter EPS results will be negatively affected by about $0.07 of acquisition and restructuring charges, assuming the company's marginal tax rate of 35%. For the year, our estimate for R&D expense has been reduced to $1.9 billion from our previous estimate of $2 billion. Our estimate for capital expenditures is unchanged at $700 million, and our estimate for depreciation is also unchanged at $1 billion. Our estimated effective tax rate has been reduced to 26%, down from our prior estimate of 28%. In summary, although our financial results for the second quarter were consistent with our expectations, our visibility into the third quarter's demand has been reduced. We remain focused on strengthening our long-term position in Analog and Embedded Processing, while also staying responsive to the twists and turns of near-term demand. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll first go to Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: In terms of the utilization rates that you're expecting as you go through the third quarter, I guess that would be the first question. The follow-up, just so then I can go away after that, is, is there ever a cost benefit analysis that would make sense to shutter some of the strategic capacity? In other words, if the expectation is that it's going to stay dormant for an extended period of time, would it make sense to shutter it and then bring it back online when the utilizations picked up?
Ron Slaymaker: Kevin?
Kevin P. March: Jim, let me just start on the utilization in the third quarter. I think implicitly, we don't normally forecast that. But implicitly, with the revenue guidance being flat and inventory being at desired levels, about 101 days right now, I don't expect our utilization level to be going up at this stage, and in fact, it might even decline a little bit as we go into the quarter. As to the second question on the cost benefit of shutting down strategic capacity, you may recall that back in January, we did announce the closure of 2 older factories that from a cost benefit standpoint, the economics of upgrading or trying to improve those factories to compete with some of the newer factories we brought online just didn't pay. So the decision was to go ahead and wind the operations at those factories down. That's one factory in Houston which we expect to close by the middle of next year and another factory in Hiji, Japan, which we expect to close by the end of next year.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: First of all, just looking at the outlook, so flat revenue guidance, EPS up a little bit. Sounded like you said utilization down, which might imply that gross margins may be down a little bit. So is the EPS savings here all OpEx, or is some of it gross margins? Or is it a split between the 2? And could you give us maybe some color on the drivers between -- for gross margins and OpEx into Q3?
Ron Slaymaker: Stacy, let -- just for correction purposes, at the middle of our guidance range, our revenue is flat and our EPS is also flat at $0.38 on a GAAP basis.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Performance sounds like a little higher though, right, $0.01?
Ron Slaymaker: All because -- yes, because we have an extra inside of that flat GAAP EPS. The charges, we'll think of it more rounding up to $0.07 as opposed to rounding down to $0.06 in the quarter. Do you have any other...
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I guess on that first question, then, does that imply sort of gross margin and OpEx kind of flattish to Q2?
Kevin P. March: Yes. Stacy, I think what we're -- when you build your models and make the adjustments for various things we were just talking with Ron about, I think, let's say [ph] that gross margins are probably going to be a little bit better. We'll have a bit of a better mix, we would expect, in 3Q. Recall the seasonality of our calculator business, for example. Third quarter tends to be the strongest quarter. That has fairly good margins. As Ron mentioned, we'll see the baseband drop to probably about $50 million, coming off of $90 million last quarter. And so the remaining revenue that will fill in that gap has slightly higher margins. So between those things, I think you will see the margins probably up a little bit quarter-over-quarter.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Got it, that's helpful. And for my follow-up, so you mentioned, I guess, limited visibility in September in regard to your customers. What kind of September outlook do you actually have baked in right now to your flat guidance, and where could this go if you would had a normal September, as we seem to have like a normal July and August orders right now?
Kevin P. March: Well, Stacy, normal seasonality for us in the third quarter is to be up on average, seasonality is to be up 6% quarter-over-quarter. So one could say that if, in fact, September fills out in a more normal fashion, we might see growth rates approaching that sort of number. But as Ron mentioned, and as we've been talking about in the press release, given the profile of the backlog that our customers have scheduled on us, we clearly have less demand scheduled in September right now than we would normally have at this stage in the quarter, and that's caused us to be cautious on our guidance, because we're -- it's really not apparent to us why that is the case. Again, is it because customers fear their end demand? Or in fact, did they just got increased confidence that if their demand goes up, we have added with inventory that we could with [ph] short lead times.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda with International Strategy Investment Group.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up on that last point, Kevin or Ron. Could you tell us exactly what your lead times are? In other words, if you did have -- if you did end up seeing that pickup for September, what's sort of the last date by which customers need to place orders so it actually impacts your revenues in the third quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: Sumit, I guess one way to think about it is I think we mentioned that the vast majority of our products have lead times less than 6 weeks. So that would say certainly -- and some of that goes all the way down to 0 if we had in-stock inventory. But certainly, that would indicate that by the time we get to our mid-quarter update in September, we'll have certainly better visibility as to what the month of September should be looking like at that point. Do you have a follow-on?
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, I did. And then just along the same lines, any -- clearly June orders were significantly weaker than you might have expected. Has there been any pickup or stabilization in July? And then, was there any difference in the profile of orders you got, for example, from the distributors versus your OEMs x your wireless OEMs?
Ron Slaymaker: I'll answer the first part, and Kevin, I'll let you handle the second part, if you remember it. In terms of July, the rate of new orders in July, really, Sumit, is consistent with what we saw in the month of June. So we haven't really seen a pickup, but we also haven't seen a further slowdown. So our guidance does comprehend those order trends.
Kevin P. March: And, Sumit, as to -- relates to, say, the distribution channel, for example, what we saw in the second quarter was distributor resales actually increased quarter-over-quarter to about the same rate of TI's total sales. So that was consistent. And their inventory dropped about a day. So they continue to that [ph] hold very lean levels of inventory, which suggest to us that similar to our OEM customers, they're holding only as much inventory as they feel they need to have for a relatively short windows of time, 6.5 weeks, as I mentioned. So it goes back to what Ron was saying earlier, our customers across the board seemed to be carrying very lean inventories, expecting us to be able to meet very short lead times, which we presently have available. And so we should have better insight as to what their final demand will be in the third quarter when we get to the mid-quarter update.
Operator: Next caller comes from John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just quickly on the Wireless profitability for the June quarter, I would have thought with a better mix of baseband that, that op profit would have been a little bit better. So I wonder if you could just help me understand what's going on there, and importantly, x baseband, what's the breakeven op profit -- revenue you need to see for breakeven op profit kind of in the OMAP and the Connectivity?
Kevin P. March: John, the biggest thing driving the profitability or, quite frankly, the lack of profitability right now in Wireless is the revenue. This is a revenue-dependent business that we talked about for a while. There's a large R&D built going on inside that segment as they develop new products for the end markets they're aiming at, and it really has been one that requires more revenue than it obviously has today to absorb that much R&D. It has clearly got our attention, something we're looking closely into. As it relates to a breakeven number, I would just remind you that back in fourth quarter that revenues at that segment turned in -- was actually above breakeven at that point in time, if you adjust it for baseband. So that's probably your best reference point. I won't try to forecast going forward. As you probably well know from our conversations here in the recent past, we're looking at the opportunities for that business to expand product offerings into the embedded processing space, and that, clearly, will have a different profile of needs as we get all that timing worked out.
Ron Slaymaker: So, Kevin, just to make sure I heard right, you're saying fourth quarter of last year, the non-baseband part of Wireless turned a profit, a small profit, and that would be the closest proxy?
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. Ron, just quickly, you talked about baseband being down to $50 million in the September quarter. Just relative to kind of your midpoint of flat revenue, are there any broader revenue buckets that are outperforming or underperforming that you can talk to? Or is everything coming in kind of flattish?
Ron Slaymaker: I would say for the most part flattish, and we don't break the guidance down too much by product area. But as Kevin mentioned, clearly there's a seasonal trend where our calculator business tends to grow third quarter compared to second quarter. So we would expect that, of course, to occur, and be -- and it probably largely offset the decline in baseband. And then outside of that, certainly collectively flattish but generally flattish by product area as well.
Operator: Our next caller is Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just to follow up a little bit on the Wireless group. Are the R&D cuts in the second half, are those all aimed at Wireless? And then is there some sort of time line to where we can tell, let's say, if Wireless isn't profitable by Q1 of next year, then there could be some changes there? And what are the options if Wireless does not become profitable within a 2- to 3-quarter time period of changing the business?
Kevin P. March: Yes, Chris, I don't think anybody said anything about cuts in the second half. I think what we talked about was that we are looking at how to best align the resources to meet the changing market opportunities we see for those products, especially embedded processing space. And that can include also reallocating resources to other areas with better growth opportunities. And I don't have any numbers for you with that specificity as to what a breakeven or how much time that may take and so on. That will all come with time as we decide what the appropriate actions are, if any.
Ron Slaymaker: I think one of the things you're referencing, Chris, was just the fact that we lowered the guidance. And think of that more as anticipated growth that we had planned overall in R&D will not be in the plan or won't be occurring now. And for the most part, if we hold second half quarterly run rates consistent with where we were in the second quarter, then we would probably be rounding down that $1.9 billion guidance that we gave for the full year. Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. Real quick on SVA, it was flat, and the rest of your Analog was up. Was there anything going on there? And do you have any outlook on SVA versus the -- sort of the core TI Analog for the second half or at least Q3?
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, there is some stuff going on with respect to SVA but really tied more to fourth quarter and first quarter. You'll recall, in those quarters, we were talking about that we had made some distributor changes. I think in fourth quarter, we had eliminated one of their traditional distributors and then brought on -- brought them onto additional distributors that had previously supported TI in the first quarter, which resulted in some just inventory adjustments in the channel. So think about first quarter for SVA benefited from some channel fill with inventory, and therefore, the comparison is just a little more complex or unfavorable than going into second quarter. So really that's the only difference. If you look from a resale perspective, SVA resales were very consistent with what you saw or what we described for the rest of TI. So again, it's just more noise associated with the changes fourth quarter and first quarter with respect to distributors. And, Kevin, was there an additional part of the question that...
Kevin P. March: No.
Operator: Our next caller comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: The first question is during the mid-quarter update, you talked about wireless infrastructure or comm infrastructure and automotive actually holding up. Could you elaborate a little bit on that comment now, the way you see things now? And is there any market at all that could potentially be up sequentially in the September quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: Sure, I can talk about the comms infrastructure. I think automotive, we ended up just from a sequential standpoint with second quarter being down slightly, so that shifted a little bit during the month of June from our prior expectations. But comms infrastructure had very strong sequential growth in the second quarter. And it's really more of what we've described previously, which is in the North America market, there is a very aggressive build continuing to take place as carriers just try to stay up with consumer demand for data. And so with everybody having smartphones and tablets consuming lots of data, the carrier's under a lot of pressure just to be able to stay up with that demand. Given the strength of our position across almost all of the equipment manufacturers, we're a prime beneficiary of that. So again, it's -- you can say that LTE is starting to come into play a little bit, but really, this is mostly being driven by 3G, really, WCDMA builds here in the North America market. We see that trend on a secular basis continuing going forward, although once we get really towards the end of this year, you'll see more of the carriers' spends start to shift to small cell. Macro doesn't go away, of course, because those base stations are still required. But on the other hand, a bigger part of the carrier spending will likely begin to shift towards small cell, where we have an extremely strong position with our system-on-a-chip, and we look forward to that. But again, that will start here in the North America market. I think it's already begun in some markets like Korea. It will start here in North America late this year, and really, we think we'll ramp nicely from there. So again, a good secular trend for us there ongoing. I think in the automotive space, the only thing I would say is I think that, that market, as you might expect, with economic uncertainty, consumers expressing more concern on where they spend their money, especially on large purchases like automotive, we're starting to see some of that, as well as, I assume, other players will as well. Do you have a follow-on, Tore?
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes. Just for Kevin, the R&D coming down a little bit for the year, is that sort of as a response to the environment? Or have you seen some consolidation programs? Just trying to understand where that's coming from.
Kevin P. March: Yes. Tore, that's a little bit of response to the environment, but it's also on a lowered outlook, some variable compensation, for example, would be less than it otherwise would have been. So I'd say it's a combination of some temporary and kind of permanent adjustments. The permanent, if you will, is that the expected variable compensation will be a little bit less than we've previously planned, and some of the permanent is just realigning some of the programs that we had under way.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Glenn Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can I just ask a little bit about the order linearity between June and July? Because it sounds like June was very bad but July is back to normal seasonal. And my suspicion is that's probably more about June than July. So in your response, can you also describe what exactly happened in June?
Ron Slaymaker: Let me make sure that you didn't misunderstand what I said before, Glenn. July in terms of new orders coming in really is about the same level that we saw in June, so it hasn't picked up, nor has it slowed down. What I did say is that our backlog coverage, meaning orders that are scheduled to ship in the month of July, looks pretty typical. But in terms of new orders, they fell from May to June, and July is running at about the same, just call it daily run rate that we felt for the month of June overall. So not a change one direction or the other. But again, it's a combination of what we saw in the month of June as well as what we've seen month to date in July that has led us to give the sub-seasonal guidance that we provided. Do you have a follow-on, Glenn?
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Well, sort of as part of that, what exactly did you see in June? Was there any sort of pattern in terms of geographies getting weak or end markets getting weak? Or was it just everything across the board?
Ron Slaymaker: I would say pretty broad-based. I mean, there were some markets that shifted maybe a bit more than others. I don't know so much from an order standpoint. Maybe this is a little different twist on your question, but from a revenue standpoint, probably -- let me just kind of walk through the regional results. The North American market, from a sequential growth standpoint, was strongest, followed by Asia, followed by Japan, and then Europe actually was the only region that was down a little bit. At mid-quarter update, I believe I described that at that point, we were expecting some growth out of Europe. So at least from a revenue standpoint, there was a little bit more of a downshift in Europe. Probably no real surprise there. I don't know, Kevin, is there anything that jumps to your mind from a product-line standpoint or from an end-market standpoint? I would describe it as more broad-based, Glenn, as opposed to any particular area of weakness that was pronounced.
Kevin P. March: I would agree. If you look across the whole quarter, you could probably say most of the end markets were up a bit. Auto and TV were down a bit, as Ron mentioned earlier. And the industrial space, it was probably about flat on a quarter-to-quarter basis. That's kind of the mix we saw in the major markets.
Ron Slaymaker: So, Glenn, I think you're describing that as 1A and 1B on your question list, and you still have number 2 coming. So if you're still there, do you have a question?
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. It's a very, very simple one. Do you happen to know what utilization rates were in the June quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: The answer to that is also very simple. Yes. But we do not disclose specifically what our utilization is. I think Kevin said our utilization overall was up slightly second quarter to -- compared with first quarter. Similarly, the utilization -- the underutilization charges were, therefore, down a little bit. But frankly, as we got into the month of June and saw orders fall off, we changed our loadings, we pulled back on our loadings. And as a result, the underutilization expense did not fall quite as much as we had expected, which you see in the gross margin, which, frankly, was not quite as strong as we had expected in the quarter as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just to keep pushing on this Wireless question a little bit. In the fourth quarter of last year, you had a big high-profile tablet win that helped OMAP business, and I have that business down -- x baseband, I had Wireless down a couple of hundred million from -- in the last couple of quarters. I may be wrong on those numbers. But do you have the types of OMAP opportunities in the next 2, 3 quarters that can get you back to that level? Or is this more of a kind of waiting for the embedded business to fill in those gaps to get back to that level?
Ron Slaymaker: I think it's a little bit of both. I mean, clearly, in the tablet space, we have other customer wins that you can assume will be ramping into production using new products, new OMAP products from TI before the end of the year. And just where those go in terms of actual success in the marketplace is still to be determined. But clearly, there's opportunity there. And at the same time, as you've heard us say now for several quarters, we're not resting, waiting for the tablet or smartphone space to carry us. We are rapidly pursuing opportunities in the embedded space and more horizontal opportunities outside of smartphones and tablets, and those are showing good traction as well. But there's clearly opportunity for growth in smartphones and tablets as well. Do you have a follow-on, Joe?
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Sure. The Windows 8 on OMAP in the wake of kind of Microsoft Surface coming out with their own Windows 8 tablets on a competitor's ARM chip, what's your customer's interest in continuing to pursue that market? And is that still a big -- or is it a big investment for you guys?
Ron Slaymaker: It is an area that we're pursuing. We have win RT, ported over to our OMAP architecture, and we think that will have opportunities not just in the tablet space, but also in some of the embedded opportunities that we're pursuing as well. So a lot of those embedded opportunities are going to be looking for high-level operating systems to run on our applications processor. And the fact that we have the broadest coverage of any applications processor in terms of high-level operating systems that are ported and running on our chip is differentiation for TI and opens a lot of doors for us. So in terms of the customer enthusiasm, I can't speak for the customers other than to say we are still -- we see a lot of activity with those customers in terms of preparing to launch their own products. So we assume their enthusiasm is unabated, and we'll see where it goes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Wang with Evercore Partners.
Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just first question, you talked about Europe softening since you gave the mid-quarter update. I'm curious, you've seen stabilization in that area, and I mean, what's your latest read on that?
Ron Slaymaker: I'm not following your question. We've seen a stabilization in Europe, you're saying?
Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Yes. I'm curious, when you said relative to your mid-quarter update, the one geography that seems to have softened a bit that wasn't necessarily surprising was Europe. I'm just curious with your more typical month of July if things have stabilized there and you guys are looking for more construction type of trends going forward. Or is that still an area where it's still softening?
Kevin P. March: Patrick, I'd say it's probably too early to tell. Recall that in Europe, it's customary that many of the businesses there take mass vacations during the summer months, especially in August. And so typically, you actually don't see much resumption of meaningful demand in the third quarter from Europe until you get to the end of August. So it's probably too early for us to comment on that just yet.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Patrick?
Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Yes, got you. Yes, I do. And it's really about gross margins. If we look at gross margins going forward here, it sounds like you guys are guiding margins up slightly here in the third quarter. But as we look into the back half into next year, what are some of the structural things we should be thinking about in terms of getting the margins back into the low to mid-50s?
Kevin P. March: I think the most apparent one is revenue growth. As we've been talking about -- we did bring in -- bring on quite a bit of capacity during the last couple of years that we bought for literally pennies on the dollar. And even though it's inexpensive, nonetheless, it does still contribute to our underutilization charges in the quarters. So clearly, the most meaningful way for us to improve gross margins is simply to continue growing our revenues so that we can absorb that underutilization and it will fall through to gross margin. In addition to that, we'll just see a continuation of improvement of mix. As we talked about earlier, baseband will drop to about $50 million, we think, in the third quarter. We still expect that to wind down to essentially 0 as we begin 2013. That will be replaced. Our revenue that replaces that tends to have higher gross margins. So there'll be a little bit of mix inside there, but I think the biggest driver to point to is revenue growth to absorb the underutilization.
Operator: Our next caller comes from Doug Freedman with RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And in the past, Ron, you guys have been able to offer some color on what's going on in the PC market, specifically the disk drive market. There was a lot of movement this quarter. Can you give us an update on what you're seeing right now?
Ron Slaymaker: Sure. I guess what I would say is we saw some growth in disk drives in the second quarter. And that -- there probably was still some residual recovery from the Thailand flooding. But certainly going out of the second quarter, we think that is now fully recovered. Our view overall is that the hard disk drive TAM appears to be softening somewhat, though. And that very well could just be the mix of the types of computing platforms that are shipping. And many of those not using a hard disk drives. They're using solid-state memory at this point. I think other than that, I think I described that at the mid-quarter that we had seen some mixed signals in the PC space between maybe similar to what we're seeing with analog products, battery management, et cetera and what we are seeing with hard disk drive. And I'd say that, that still held through the end of the quarter. Do you have a follow-on, Doug?
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes. So if you could, could you guys give us an update on how the progress of your recent -- or not-so-recent acquisition, the CICLON, Luminary. I know you commented on Silicon Valley Analog already. If you could just go back a little further and just highlight how well those businesses are working within your portfolio.
Kevin P. March: Doug, you may recall, if others were listening, CICLON was supporting the power strategy inside Analog, and I'd say mild indications that has turned out to be quite an effective acquisition and contributing nicely to the growth in power space. Luminary was an acquisition that went into our Embedded Processing side of the house and really gave us a capability in the 32-bit microcontrollers that we previously didn't have a strong footprint in. And we're learning a lot in that space. We simply got a lot more to -- a lot more opportunity, a lot more growth to do there. But clearly, that brought a lot of knowledge to us. It filled in some gaps that we didn't previously have in-house.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to ask about underutilization charges, especially what is -- is that mostly a cash charge? Is that a noncash charge? And would there necessarily be an uptick in gross margins if you were to just conceptually, say, shutter 5% or 10% or whatever of capacity? So the question, really, is that what is really the cash drag from these underutilization charges?
Kevin P. March: Vivek, the underutilization charges, there's probably a little bit of cash there, but these are mostly noncash. You're talking about assets that are depreciated or not being used. These are mostly noncash. There's going to be some cash, because you're keeping, of course, underloaded clean rooms open, so you're still using utilities and some gases and so on to keep those going, but that's minimal. As it relates to opportunities, when we described in January that we were closing 2 of our older factories, the one in Houston and the one in Hiji, Japan, what we talked about is once those factories were closed, they should save us about $100 million in costs on an annual basis once that's done, so it's by the end of 2013. So those are the kind of numbers that you can think about in this area.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Vivek?
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. I'm wondering why your operating margins in the embedded side have lagged. Is it mix? Is it more because of the wireless infrastructure business not doing so well? Because your Analog margins seemed to have recovered somewhat to the mid-20s, but the embedded operating margins are down substantially year-on-year.
Kevin P. March: Yes, what you've got going on -- now year-on-year, you've got revenues down also. If I recall -- let's take a look here real quick. Yes, revenue's down about 15% year-over-year. So you've got underlying just R&D and support costs that are still there, and revenue's down, so that's going to take your margins down. But in the quarter itself, it's probably a bit below what we had expected, and really, that's being driven by some new product startups and some inventory scrappage that occurred in that segment in the second quarter.
Operator: Next question comes from Craig Ellis with Caris & Company.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Maybe I'll just pick up on that last question. As we look at embedded profitability going forward, how should we think about the rate of growth in profitability, the rate of growth in revenues [indiscernible] is it -- or are there any projects that you have?
Kevin P. March: Craig, I think you were fading out there. But I think you're asking questions about how to think about the rate of growth in Embedded Processing?
Ron Slaymaker: Embedded Processing, rate of growth of profitability versus revenues going forward.
Kevin P. March: Okay. Similar to Analog, we would expect the Embedded Processing space to grow kind of at historical average, which would be probably in the 8% kind of range over time. In fact, if you take a look inside the Embedded Processing and where we're aimed at, at the 16-bit and 32-bit, those are growing a bit faster than the 8-bit portion of Embedded Processing. So you might see something compound a little bit faster than that over time just from a market standpoint. And of course, our stated objectives are to grow faster than our markets, and we put the resources down to do that. Clearly, with the operating expenses inside that segment being, all things being equal, being fairly stable, any growth in revenue should fall through pretty quickly and improve profitability. So you would expect growth in revenue to occur at a certain pace. Growth in profitability will occur at a faster pace, just because it's falling through without too much incremental operating expenditure.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Craig?
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. On the follow-up, we talked a lot about reduction of R&D expense for this year. What about selling, general and administrative? Should we expect that to be lower than the trajectory you were looking at in the first half?
Kevin P. March: Yes. On the general and administrative costs, we already have actions under way that we talked about when we acquired and closed on the National Semiconductor acquisition. You may recall that we talked about by the end of the first year of acquisitions, that's going to be sometime in the fourth quarter, that we will be removing redundant costs between the 2 companies such that we should have about $100 million of annualized savings after the end of the first year. We're actually making pretty good progress on that front. You may or may not be aware, but back when we closed on the National acquisition, we put some pro forma P&Ls out on the Investor Relations website that you're welcome to go take a look at that helps you see what the 2 companies would have looked like had they historically been combined. And if you go take a look at those, I think you'd find it somewhat insightful to just take a look at 2Q '11 and compare that to our most recent quarter, and you'll see that we're already beginning to see some of the cost synergies of those -- the merger of 2 companies coming together showing up in those results.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Craig and Kevin, do you happen to have a number on how that SG&A compares year-on-year?
Kevin P. March: Sure. It looks like the combined SG&A for the 2 companies on a pro forma basis last year would have been about $478 million, and in 2Q, it was just at $457 million. So you're running about $22 million better on a year-over-year basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: May I ask a question? Just one quick clarification from what you just said, Kevin, at the $22 million ahead of where you were before. Is that fair to then say you have $3 million more, and then you're at your $100 million total with the synergies?
Kevin P. March: We would expect to get the rest of it over the next few months, yes, Ross. And really what's coming down there, recall that on our way there, we're having to spend a little leap [ph] to save a little, so to speak. In other words, just integrating the IT systems has caused us to take on incremental cost to get there. But I think it's pretty safe to say that we can see on the radar that we'll deliver that $100 million of annualized savings by the end of the year.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And I guess as my, hopefully, first main question, on the disty inventory side of things, what's your assumption from what the channel does inventory-wise in your third quarter guidance?
Ron Slaymaker: Ross, we may have some assumptions, but we don't publicize those just given distributors will do what they feel they need to do based on their own views of customer demand. But usually, we'll try to provide some insight in the mid-quarter update but not this early as to what we expect those trends to be. So that will be your first question, and you still get another one.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Calculators, you mentioned, is a positive outlier for the third quarter. Could you give us an idea how big was that in the second quarter? Did it go up its typical, whatever it was, $75 million? And how much does it typically rise in the third quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: It was pretty typical, and I'm trying to remember what typical is. Hang on a second, let me see...
Kevin P. March: It did increase about $70 million or so, second versus first. And it customarily goes up pretty close to the amount of decrease that we're going to see in baseband in second to third. But baseband was about $90 million in second, and we expect it to drop to about $50 million. That's not that far off what we would typically see the calculator business go up from second to third.
Ron Slaymaker: $30 million to $40 million type of increase in calculators, typically.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Caso with Susquehanna.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I just wanted to take a step back with respect to the third quarter guidance. And typically, if we look in the third quarter and we're seeing a sub-seasonal third quarter, it's typically because -- that there's some inventory to burn in the channel. When you look at the seasonal businesses, I'd imagine that there's still some seasonal build that's going on. It's just more muted than normal. If we're to get towards the low end of your guidance, that would actually imply somewhat of a seasonal decline -- sequential decline. Could you help me to get there? What potentially could drive that? Is there still some inventory burn going on in the channel? Perhaps there's something going on with pricing or something maybe the nonseasonal market segments?
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, I'd make a couple of points. I mean, I think inventories are low already. So this is not a case where in second quarter, a lot of inventory was built and now there's potential need to replenish. That's not the situation that we see. We think what happened in second quarter, the growth that came about was not inventory replenishment but was simply customers, for the most part, no longer reducing inventory. And so therefore, our shipments necessarily needed to start moving back up to the rate at which the customers were producing their own product. So not inventory build, but rather the end of inventory depletion. And you can see, as we've said, distribution channel at 6 -- even at 6.5 weeks of inventory, which it's been for the last couple of -- last few quarters was low already, and yet, they did manage to take it down another day, as we mentioned, in the second quarter. So again, I think our third quarter scenario -- I don't think that the downside case or the lower end of the range case has to do with inventory burning. I think it has more to do with if the macro environment weakens and customers take their own production rates down or down from what they are currently expecting, that could come into play. And of course, the upper end of the range just would reflect that customers that today haven't filled in the September orders, just haven't placed those orders yet because they didn't need to based on where lead times were. And so that would drive the upside case. The "middle of the range" case is kind of what we see in our backlog now. We're not making a lot of assumptions that we get additional fill-in during the month of September. So hopefully, that helps. Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Yes, sure. I mean, just as a follow-up on that, then, embedded in your guidance, assuming the midpoint of the range, then is it fair to assume sort of customer inventory and distributor inventory would be relatively flat quarter-over-quarter in dollars?
Ron Slaymaker: Boy, it's kind of what I was saying before. I don't know that we -- I guess to some degree that may be the case in that we're not seeing signs of -- in the form of backlog, signs of a ramp during the month of September that you might more typically expect just given the upcoming holidays. So I guess you would say at the middle of the range, there's probably the assumption of flattish inventory. But I don't know that we put a lot of assumptions about customer distributor inventory into that guidance more so than just thinking about overall demand.
Operator: We'll go next to Tristan Gerra with Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Could you talk about OMAP as a percentage of Wireless in the quarter? And what was the magnitude of the sequential decline and whether you expect some rebound in Q3?
Ron Slaymaker: Well , OMAP, I think first half overall is running about 60% of the non-baseband revenue. So in other words, OMAP plus Connectivity, kind of a 40 -- a 60-40 split, with OMAP being 60% of that revenue and 40% being Connectivity. So from there, you can probably get pretty close in terms of what those trends were. But clearly, the decline was driven from OMAP. Connectivity was down, but I would describe it was down a small amount compared to OMAP. Do you have a follow-on, Tristan?
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Sure. Could you give us sort of based on your pricing strategy for SVA in terms of your target of getting back to the core growth that you have in your Analog business?
Ron Slaymaker: You said for SVA?
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: For the Silicon Valley Analog, yes.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. So I mean, I think their pricing strategy is going to be consistent with TI's own pricing strategy in the catalog space. So it's like High Performance Analog and some of the -- a good part of the power product line, which is we want to be competitive in terms of pricing, but at the same time, those markets you tend to sell into -- not always, but a lot of relatively low-volume applications where the focus from the customer perspective is much more on the product specification, the performance characteristics of the product as opposed to price. These products in general tend to be relatively low-priced products, meaning less than $1 type of ASP. And so as a percentage of the customer's bill of material, it represents a pretty small amount. So customers for these products tend not to be hypersensitive on price. They're more focused on getting the right type of product. And I think with the strength of the product line and portfolio that SVA has, the product -- the focus is much more on getting the word out, getting the support out to a much broader range of customers. And making sure, of course, we're competitive on price. We're certainly not going to go out and not become -- try to position the product line so that it's not competitive. And frankly, that was part of the issue in terms of that revenue growth before, was reaching for higher levels of gross margin, sometimes the pricing out of National was not competitive in the marketplace. And you saw their market share loss as a result. So the strategy shift is just make sure you're competitive but, again, make sure we're winning products based on performance and support considerations as opposed to pricing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Ron, just looking at your sales guidance this quarter, it seems a lot -- a little bit worse than what some other companies have reported thus far in July. As I look at Intel, they guided up 6%, which is a couple of points worse than what they normally do in Q3. Xilinx, if you look at their core business, being down a couple of percent, that's also maybe 1 or 2 points worse than what they normally do in Q3. Your third quarter flat. I think it's about 6 to 7 points below what you normally do. So I'm just kind of curious, what is it about this environment that's hurting you guys a little bit more?
Ron Slaymaker: Romit, I might get -- first of all, Intel probably has just a different type of seasonal pattern. They certainly are much more narrower in terms of their end market exposure. So I'm not sure that we can do much of a direct comparison there. And then I think similarly, Xilinx, if we were just looking at our comms infrastructure trends, they might be different than what we see for overall. And clearly, they're going to have much stronger part of their mix tied to comms infrastructure. So I think of all the companies that -- at least ones that you've named, our exposure is probably much broader than any of them. And the second point is we really are operating in a more uncertain environment. And as we've said, this is a question not of the backlog that's painting a very clear story, and it's a negative story. This is more a question of we don't have all the backlog visibility that we would normally have. And so in that type of environment -- and I think a lot from what I've seen with other companies, that is not unique to TI. And I suspect there's probably just different means by which different management teams will choose to extrapolate what they see going forward. And so I don't -- we've given you what we've given you. We've -- explained the basis for it and what we've done, and I guess I just need to let you sort it out in terms of how that compares to our other semiconductor peers. Okay, do you have a follow-on, Romit?
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Yes. Does the fact that Q3 being 6 to 7 points below seasonal, does that have any bearing on how you guys think about the December and the March quarters?
Kevin P. March: No, too early for that at this time, Romit. I might also add just to remind you that there's still -- one of the things -- even if we did have a seasonal growth, we still have a unwind of baseband going on. So that's the $40 million sequential headwind, 2 to 3Q. So if you adjust for that, it might not be down quite as sharply as you say, although it is still down versus what our seasonal number might suggest. The seasonal number of 6% actually is x baseband and refitted for the inclusion of National.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Romit, let me also just say, as we said before, if this market wants to lift on us versus the guidance we've provided for Q3 or, frankly, even going into Q4, we have inventory position, we have manufacturing capacity. I think you'll find our ability to flex up and support higher level of demand should it arise, that flexibility is pretty high. So we really don't need to at least overly stress about what the outlook into Q4 will look like. We'll work it as it comes towards us.
Operator: Our final question will comes from David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You've talked about in the past about how with Silicon Valley Analog, you've got a bigger sales team and more field presence. Are you seeing any effect of this on design wins for the Silicon Valley Analog products? And if so, do you expect the growth of the SVA division to actually accelerate past your other Analog divisions at some point in the future?
Ron Slaymaker: I think that's a reasonable expectation, David. As you are implying in your question, right now it's more measured in customer interest and in design wins, and those, then, will be precursors to actual revenue growth that will occur later. But we've long said our assumptions coming into this acquisition was that the share losses that National had experienced pre-acquisition likely would continue into the first year of the acquisition, and then we would hope to have the revenue stabilized and running consistent with the market. And then for the next year and then in year 3, basically have it trending faster than the market, consistent with our own Analog growth. So that would imply over the next couple of years, you could see a faster acceleration in SVA growth compared to TI's own revenue, just as it's coming kind of from a hole to moving consistent with our own revenue growth. And I'll also say, those assumptions that I just talked about were what we built into our financial returns and financial assessment on the acquisition. Our internal goals, of course, are much more aggressive than that, and we're confident at this point that just based on traction with customers, the interest with customers, the design-in rates that we're going to be able to do better than that. But we'll report it as it comes. Do you have a follow-on, David?
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes. Your EPS guidance, does that assume any improvement in gross margin in the September quarter? And if so, is this mix-related? Or is there some other factor that helps margin?
Kevin P. March: David, we mentioned early on in the call that there's some improvement inside there, given that, really, the EPS is about flat quarter-over-quarter. Revenue is about flat quarter-over-quarter at the midpoint. So there's a little bit of improvement in there. And we could see a wind-down in the baseband, as lower margin being replaced by the calculator business at higher margin.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks you your questions, and thank all of you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: That does conclude today's call. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-23 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker -  Kevin P. March - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments 1Q '12 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through to the web.  This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for more complete descriptions. Before we begin, let me remind you that TI will host an Investor Meeting in New York on May 3. At this meeting, our CEO, Rich Templeton, and Kevin March, will provide an update on TI's strategy, market positions and goals. If you have not already registered, please do so as soon as possible. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for June 11. At that time, we expect to adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate.  Let me start with the market environment. The first quarter's results landed close to our expectations and were consistent with our belief that our business cycle bottomed in the first quarter. Analog revenue was about even. We were especially encouraged by the progress we continue to make with the former National Semiconductor product line, now called Silicon Valley Analog, as it gains traction with customers and holds a strong position in the important industrial market. Early signs point to the industrial market strengthening in the near term as opposed to the delayed recovery that we saw in the last cycle.  Embedded Processing revenue grew in the quarter, led by strength in automotive and the beginning of a recovery in communications infrastructure. In wireless, revenue fell sharply as we had expected. Baseband revenue declined to less than 3% of our first quarter revenue and we expect it to remain at very low levels throughout the remainder of 2012. Our Other segment was up as a result of about $65 million of insurance proceeds associated with the Japan earthquake that were received in the last few days of the quarter. The proceeds were part of an ongoing settlement process with the insurance companies and were not included in our earlier guidance due to the uncertainty over their timing. Core products were 78% of our first quarter revenue, up from 71% a year ago and 66% two years ago. As these products continued to make up a higher proportion of our revenue, our business is becoming more diversified across customers and markets. For example, in 2009, we had a single customer that made up more than 20% of TI revenue. In first quarter '12, it takes the combination of our top 6 customers to exceed 20%. We now have more than 90,000 customers and no single customer comprises more than a mid-single-digit percentage of our revenue. We believe this expanding diversity is strong evidence that our large sales force and broad customer footprint are paving the way, not only for TI share gains, but also for results that will be determined more so by our own execution in the years ahead and not swung by the fortunes of a particular customer or a narrow market segment. Consistent with our view that the first quarter was the bottom of our business cycle, we believe growth will resume in the second quarter. In fact, at middle of our guidance range, sequential growth would hit 10% when compared with the first quarter's results without the insurance proceeds. Supporting this forecast was order growth in the quarter of 13%, which resulted in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.04 and our first quarterly expansion in backlog since the second quarter of 2011. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter, our book-to-bill ratio was 0.84. We saw a broad-based order growth across the geographical regions and many of our end markets. We believe TI is very well-positioned as our markets rebound in the quarters ahead. Our product portfolio is strong and our design position with customers is excellent. Our acquisition of National Semiconductor should contribute revenue and share gains as customers across the world embrace the strength of this portfolio, combined with the attraction of TI's market channels and our customer-oriented business approach. As you know, we have been anticipating this upturn, and as a result, we have our inventory well-staged and production in our factories ramping. Our manufacturing capacity is strong, and our teams are poised to drive growth and capture share gains as the market strengthens. So let's walk through the specifics of the first quarter. Revenue of $3.12 billion declined 8% from a year ago and 9% sequentially, mostly due to lower wireless revenue. Analog revenue was up 10% from a year ago and was about even with the fourth quarter. Growth from the year-ago quarter was due to our acquisition of National, and therefore, the inclusion of Silicon Valley Analog revenue. Sequentially, SVA revenue grew, HPA was about even sequentially, as was power. HVAL was lower due to declines in a number of markets, including consumer, which was seasonally slower, and handsets. Embedded Processing revenue declined 11% from a year ago and grew 7% sequentially. From a year ago, automotive grew, while communications infrastructure and catalog products declined. Sequentially, we saw strong growth in automotive, as well as double-digit gains in communications infrastructure revenue. Revenue from catalog products was about even sequentially. As a reminder, communications infrastructure was exceptionally weak for us in the fourth quarter, so it is encouraging to see this revenue begin to recover. In wireless, revenue declined to $373 million in the first quarter or 12% of TI's total revenue, down from 19% a year ago. As we had expected, baseband revenues declined sharply to $87 million. This revenue was down $247 million from a year ago and down $192 million sequentially. Revenue from OMAP applications processors was up strongly from a year ago but declined from the fourth quarter level, when we benefited from several customer product introductions ahead of the holidays. Connectivity revenues declined in both comparisons. Strategically, our plan for both applications processors and for connectivity products is to significantly broaden our market reach in areas outside of smartphones and tablets. We have the right products for many of these applications and the customer relationships in place to engage. Although it will take time to significantly diversify this revenue mix, we have begun to shift our investments accordingly and are already well-positioned with some key customer programs. In our Other segment, revenue declined 11% from a year ago and grew 5% sequentially. The decline from year ago was driven by lower DLP revenue, as well as the end of our transitional supply agreement, most notably our agreement with Spansion that expired at the end of 2011. Sequentially, weakness in these same areas was more than offset by the insurance proceeds and higher custom ASIC revenue. In distribution, resales were about even sequentially. Distribution inventory remained at about 6.5 weeks, about the same level as we ended the fourth quarter. Now, Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin P. March: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me start by walking through some of the charges in the quarter. Total acquisition-related charges in the quarter were $174 million. These charges relate to our acquisition of National Semiconductor and include $21 million in cost of revenue, with the remaining $153 million all on the income statement line identified as acquisition charges. The charges included in cost of revenue were associated with the termination of a National Semiconductor distributor contract. After this quarter, the acquisition-related impact to cost of revenue will be minimal and we do not expect to call those expenses out. All remaining charges should be specifically included on the acquisition charges line. Also in the quarter, we had $10 million of restructuring charges associated with closing 2 factory sites that we announced in January. In total, these charges impacted EPS by $0.10. Gross profit of $1.53 billion was 49% of revenue and declined 1% sequentially. There were a couple of items that impacted gross profit and gross margin in the first quarter. First, the underutilization expense in the quarter was essentially unchanged from the fourth quarter. Although we increased our wafer starts in the first quarter, wafer output declined compared with the fourth quarter as the effect of our lower production starts in the fourth quarter worked its way through our manufacturing operations. The net result is that average utilization levels of our manufacturing operations, and therefore, the associated underutilization expense, were essentially unchanged in the quarter. Of course, the underutilization expense should start to decline in the second quarter, as the effect of our higher production starts in the first quarter works its way to our manufacturing operations. Also, as I discussed earlier, we incurred $21 million of acquisition-related charges in cost of revenue in the first quarter. This negatively impacted gross margin by about 70 basis points. Finally, gross profit and margin benefited from the insurance proceeds. Because this insurance was largely for business interruption, it moved all the way through the income statement, starting with revenue. So if you're analyzing the effect these proceeds had on gross margin, be sure to adjust both revenue, as well as gross profit. You should calculate about 100 basis points of gross margin benefit from these proceeds. On a segment basis, while we don't normally discuss gross margin at this level, it is important to recall that our transition services agreement with Spansion, which was previously reported in our Other segment, ended in the fourth quarter. As a result, the portion of the Aizu factory that was used to support Spansion is now available for analog products and this underutilized cost is now recorded in the analog segment. Operating expenses of $971 million were above, as we had expected, and the increase in the last quarter is mostly the result of seasonal increases associated with the timing of the holidays and employee vacation time in the fourth quarter, as well as annual pay and benefit increases that occurred in February. Other income and expense was lower in the quarter, as we took charges associated with the discontinued business. Net income in the first quarter was $265 million or $0.22 per share. Again, in the EPS calculation, please note that accounting rules require that we allocate a portion of net income to letting unvested restricted stock units on which we pay dividend equivalents. In the first quarter, the amount of net income excluded from the EPS calculation was $4 million. If you don't make this adjustment, you'll likely calculate EPS to be $0.01 higher than we've reported. I'll leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release. However, let me make just a few comments. Cash flow from operations was $449 million, down $67 million from a year ago and down $521 million from the prior quarter. As a reminder, cash consumption is typically higher in the first quarter as we pay accrued annual profit-sharing and performance bonuses. Capital expenditures were $103 million in the quarter, down $91 million from a year ago and down $49 million from the prior quarter. In fact, this is our lowest quarterly level of capital spending in almost 3 years, as we benefit from having pulled ahead fab spending through opportunistic purchases over the past few years. We repaid $300 million of our outstanding commercial paper in the quarter, bringing the remaining balance of this obligation down to $700 million. We also used $300 million in the quarter to repurchase 9.1 million shares of TI common stock and pay dividends of $195 million. We increased our inventory by $65 million in the quarter, bringing inventory days to 105 as we prepare for higher shipments in the quarters ahead. Orders of $3.24 billion in the quarter increased $380 million or 13% sequentially. TI's book-to-bill ratio was 1.04 in the quarter. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.22 billion to $3.48 billion in the second quarter, for growth about 3% to 12% sequentially. If you eliminate the first quarter's insurance proceeds from the comparison, growth is expected to be 5% to 14% or about 10% at the middle of our range. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.30 to $0.38. We expect the second quarter's results will be negatively affected by about $100 million in acquisition charges and about $10 million in restructuring charges. Combined, these items will impact EPS by about $0.06. For 2012, our estimates for R&D, capital expenditures, depreciation and our annual effective tax rates are unchanged from what was provided to you last quarter. In summary, our markets have bottomed and are in the early stages of recovery. As we talked about this last quarter, we anticipated this and are well-positioned to service our customers' rising demand as they end their inventory correction and ultimately, begin to replenish their inventory from current low levels. We're looking forward to a year of growth. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow up. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you help us just walk through the gross margin assumptions here? I think if I back out the insurance proceeds, I'm getting a 48% gross margin for Q1. How do I walk that through to the guidance for Q2? Because I think I'm getting 49% there and I'm not sure if I'm doing that right.
Kevin P. March: Yes, Glen, you're probably doing that right in the direction -- directionally, it's correct that you should be seeing gross margins going up. And by the way, you got your 1Q computation correct when you adjust for the insurance. So about 48% without the insurance. And so generally speaking, we expect that to increase as we move into second quarter. As I talked about, starting up the factories a little bit more, higher utilization, benefits should come early in the second quarter. I'm not sure what share count you're using but I'd say you're directionally moving in the right direction.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And maybe just as a follow-up to that, I think I might have expected to see more. Maybe can you walk through some of the mechanics there? Is there -- shouldn't we be seeing more leverage in the gross margins or is it more -- am I missing something here?
Kevin P. March: Yes, I'd say you're a little bit like. As I said, Glenn, you're directionally moving in the right direction. Again, I don't know how you built up your model but I would see our gross margins being a little bit higher than what you have built in your model so far.
Operator: We'll go to Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess a couple of things, maybe. If I could start in the other wireless category. Obviously, one of the sort of back-and-forths over the years has been what will happen to connectivity as the baseband business kind of falls off. Obviously, baseband we all knew about, Other was a little weaker this quarter, too. Is there any way to say how much of that was just the market or is the customer exposure being a little bit softer versus any impact from kind of the basebands pulling the connectivity along with it?
Ron Slaymaker: Glen -- or I'm sorry, Jim, I don't know that I would say there's any direct tie to the baseband. I guess I could say there's an indirect tie in that we sell connectivity products to some of the same customers where we sell baseband, to the extent that those customers' business is not particularly strong as you see both on the baseband line, as well as would show up on some of the connectivity demand products -- demand for some of our connectivity products also. But then, we also have, separately, customers that use connectivity products that do not use our baseband products. And in some of those cases, we've also seen declines as well, totally independent in that case of the baseband.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess kind of bigger picture, and this is something that had been asked on the mid-quarter update. But historically, you guys have done very well hitting the numbers. The last few quarters, it's been a lot tougher. Obviously, we were in a downturn and sometimes it's tough to get in front of that. But as you look back on a number of quarterly misses in a row, do you think about approaching guidance any differently going forward or you just -- there, do you just kind of look back on it and say it was a tough downturn but it's over and the way we've kind of rolled up the model historically is how we're going to do it going forward or were there any changes made?
Kevin P. March: Jim, I would say that the short answer is we'll continue to do what we have been doing. It was a tough downturn, that was also complicated by the fact that we were, frankly, executing on the largest acquisition that we've tried to take over in the past. And so that's behind us now, we're moving forward. We use the same model and approach that we have to forecast our outlook.
Operator: We'll go to Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I wanted to ask a little bit again about the Core Wireless business. So with the baseband now finally rolling off, we're back to negative operating margins in wireless. Can you give us some feeling what level of revenues in Core Wireless you actually think you need for at least to break even and where those margins can maybe go over time? I'm also wondering, from that margin standpoint, does it actually make sense to be in this business at all? Are you going to drive enough upside as you move it into more of the Embedded business to make up for any of the wireless shortfalls or is that not just some sort of a capitulation as you're moving out of smartphones and tablets?
Kevin P. March: Stacy, I'll take part of that and let Ron help out on some of it, too. If you look back as recently as the last quarter and do your math, you'd see that in fact, the Core Wireless actually did make a profit. So its ability to generate a profit is certainly already proven by the historical results as evidenced by the fourth quarter.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: But that was baseband, wasn't it, that was driving most of that?
Kevin P. March: I think even if you extract that, you'd come to the same conclusion that Core Wireless made a profit fourth quarter. As far as the margins are concerned, we've talked about in the past that the margins in that non-baseband portion, certainly not as rich as what you would see over in analog or even in better processing space, but still quite attractive. The real focus in that area at this point is that clearly, we're spending enough to be able to develop the products that we need. What that team is heavily focused on now is driving the revenue growth and taking it beyond just as single source, Ron, mentioned in his opening remarks, where the diversity of our customers is such that we would expect less impact to the company on single markets or single large customers, and wireless following through on a similar strategy, where they are trying to deliver the technology from their non-baseband products into adjacent markets that can give us more diversity, both of markets and customers. And those will include spaces such as automotive and certain other applications that they've gained some interest and traction on here recently. So the focus there is really now on driving the top line. There's certainly enough spending already in place to be able to meet the R&D requirements.
Ron Slaymaker: So Stacy, just to add, so fourth quarter was about $150 million higher revenue in those core areas. So you asked what level of revenue does it take. That's the recent data point as Kevin said, those core products were profitable at the operating margin level last quarter. So we're nipping on profitability, we just need revenue that will be sustained. And certainly, what we're doing in these embedded areas, by no means do we consider that capitulation, but actually a means by which we can further enhance revenue on what should be a -- basically leverage the investment we've already made for smartphones and tablets and be able to go reach into some of these other market segments as well.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I did actually have a follow-up on that point. So how does long does it take to actually ramp meaningful revenues in those other kind of markets? What's the sort of, I guess, design in lifetime? How long does it take to win that design and how long does it take before we can expect to see meaningful revenues coming out of those? And is there any sort of incremental investment that needs to happen if you think your OpEx in these markets is at comfortable levels to drive that?
Ron Slaymaker: Boy, there were a bunch of questions there, Stacy. I think the core question was how long does it take to drive meaningful revenue in these other areas. And I guess what I would say is, it will take a while. This is not something that, in some of these other areas, where the product lives can be very long. The design in aspect of them tends to be a little longer than some of the high-volume verticals is as well. So we don't expect -- this is not a strategy to go address things over the next 1 to 2 quarters. This is something that we build on what we have today. And over time, we will increase the diversity, and therefore, the stability of that revenue mix. I don't think -- Kevin, you can comment, but I think we believe the investment level that we have today will take us into these new spaces. This is not a big incremental investment to be able to go drive these products into new areas. I mean, think about the biggest infrastructure investment is the sales force, which is already in place today. And by the way, that's the biggest competitive advantage we likely have as well. I mean, clearly, we have to have the right products. Once you have the right products, you have to be able to have the right reach into the customer base and that's the sales force that's in place today. But it's not a big incremental R&D spend to go somehow develop new products or different products for these other adjacent markets.
Kevin P. March: I would just add to Ron's comments there, that this isn't something that the wireless team had just started that is going to be adjacent markets. Greg has already talked about, he talked about it recently in Barcelona that his team has been looking at these adjacent markets for some time now and have over 100 customer engagements already. So that's already began to gain traction, but as Ron says, we expect that each of those markets is such, it will take a while to see the revenue build. But from a cost standpoint, I think that Greg will tell you he's investing adequately now to meet that growth.
Operator: We'll go to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Kevin, I just want to make sure that I understand. On the embedded -- I'm sorry, on analog side of the business, revenue was essentially flat. Sequential operating profit was down about $80 million. Was that all due to the Spansion? And help me understand, is that now a continuous headwind around utilization or, help me understand that.
Kevin P. March: John, that's -- the Spansion capacity, the capacity that was being used for Spansion, currently is underutilized, now that we've wound that up. And so that is clearly -- that's allocated into the analog segment and clearly is a drag. But in addition, flat revenues in analog, like some of the other businesses also had seasonally higher paying benefit increases that began in February. So you had the GPM drag that I just mentioned as a result of the utilization, but you also have higher OpEx. So as that revenue builds there, I think it will be able to absorb that just fine over the next couple of quarters, John.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then Ron, as a follow-on, now that you have National as part of the fold, I wonder if you could just re-center me as far as the percent of your business being done through distribution. What's sell-in versus sell-through? And then on the sell-in front, relative to your helping strategy, what percent of the sell-in kind of acts like sell-through? And do you think what we're seeing here is inventory restocking or real demand?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, so in the current quarter, a little over 45% of our business went through distribution. And as you noted, John, bringing on board National, where 70%, I believe, of their revenue moved to distribution. Very similar to our catalog analog areas, such as HPA and to a large part, the Power, and a lot of the catalog Embedded Processing businesses. So much of that goes through distribution -- I'm sorry, over 45%. Of that 45%, about 1/3 of that revenue is supported by consignment programs. So I mean 1/3 of the distribution revenue is supported by consignment. I should note, at this point, none of the SVA business through distribution is on confinement because we needed to get IP systems in place to be able to support that. However, that is in fact something that we will do and that we're working toward to put in place. And again, for the broader audience, when you have a distribution program on consignment, our revenue recognition approach sell-in tends to look more like sell-out because it moves the revenue recognition closer to where the distributors pull the product from the hub and actually ship it to their customers. And then if you look more broadly, about 40% of TI's total revenue, and this includes distribution as well as our direct OEM customers, are on consignment. So I hope I got all the pieces you'd asked there, John.
Operator: We'll go to Romit Shah with Nomura.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I just noticed that your inventory days had crossed over 100 in the first quarter and I was wondering if -- just if you could comment on that level, if it was influencing how you're managing this, the factory loadings here in Q2.
Kevin P. March: Romit, I think that that's more -- remember, inventory days are a backward-looking metric and so coming off of a sharp quarter revenue decline and then following that with a pretty sharp expected quarter revenue increase, you've got to state your inventory before you get to that quarter and not after. And so you wind up with, frankly, an anomaly like you're describing, where the days of inventory compute higher than what you'd normally expect to see. But when we look at the mix of inventory, we are extremely comfortable with it and it's lined up quite well with generally the demand that we see. I recall that we talked about our book to bill went positive in the fourth quarter, our orders increased by 13%. That gave us better visibility into actual end demand than we've had in several quarters now, and that gave us the ability to build and stage inventory in anticipation of when that demand needs to be delivered. So I would say that the inventory is positioned quite nicely for what we're trying to do for the second quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: And, Romit, I would also say that loadings in the second quarter, yes, inventory is one variable that plays into that but probably more importantly will be our outlook for third quarter at that point. And the other thing I would say is just even over the weekend, reviewing some other transcripts of conference calls that have taken place, I mean you're already hearing at this very early stage in the upturn, where certain players are finding their own inventory too short or out of mix and having difficulty meeting up with or fully meeting customer demand. We are delighted with our inventory position at this stage in the upturn. So we think it's going to be great. Of course, it will play out as the market grows here over the next few quarters.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I appreciate the color. So loadings are increasing in the second quarter. If I do the math on your gross margin guidance for Q2, I'm coming up with, on a pro-forma basis, around 49.5%, which would be up about 150 basis points sequentially, excluding the insurance payment. and I guess my question is on an incremental basis, that would suggest around 60% incremental gross margin, which is lower than I would have expected. If loadings are up, are you guys seeing a negative impact from mix or some other items?
Kevin P. March: Romit, we'll give you guidance on the top line and the bottom line and in between, we'll leave it to you to develop your models. I would say, again, you're directionally correct, we do expect it to be moving up over the first quarter. And certainly in the direction and the magnitude of not more than what you've been describing so far.
Operator: We'll go next to Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You can also count me on someone who's hoping we're going to have a growth here on semis heat. So we've got a number of companies last week talk about issues with wafer availability from foundry and there's some talk that lead times might stretch out over the summer. Can you comment on how your availability is for foundry wafers? And then also, your own lead times, are they stretching out? Do you anticipate that, that could happen over the summer?
Kevin P. March: Chris, I'll start with the lead time question. Right now, again, one of the things that we have as a takeaway on the last inventory correction cycle was the fact that we probably entered that growth period with less inventory than what was necessary to meet, that would turn out to be quite as strong pullback or snapback in customer demand. So we're coming into this quarter certainly with more inventory availability than we had a couple of years ago, when the last upturn occurred. So with that in mind, we have most of our lead times are quite normal at 8 weeks or less and we have higher levels of inventory than we did during the last industry cycle upturn. Plus, we have considerably more capacity than we had last time. Those combined, lead us to feel that we are going to be well-positioned to be able to meet customer demand even on pretty strong growth basis. As far as wafer foundry availability is concerned, again, a declining portion of our revenue is actually sourced from foundries, especially as you consider the baseband is winding down quite a bit, because that was largely sourced from foundries. But non-baseband portion of wireless also sources lots of foundries. But clearly, with the volumes that they're at right now, we are not experiencing any availability issues.
Ron Slaymaker: And Chris, the other thing I would just say is and I think we've had discussions with -- about this in the past. I mean, even if you look at recent [indiscernible] boards, et cetera, total industry utilization is actually at a pretty high level. And you've seen a lot of semiconductor companies over the past few years not need to, and therefore, they did not invest in new capacity. So whether it's the foundries or whether it's the IDM's own capacity, our suspicion is that if we get into much of an uplift at all in terms of demand, we very likely, as an industry, will see shortages and lead times accordingly stretch out. So, at the same time, like Kevin said and what I said before, having a very good inventory position coming into this upturn, plus having a lot of open capacity, we think, is going to serve us very well.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: If you could just maybe run down your take on the end markets, which you think are better, which you think are in the worse shape, and then how you see that playing out for both Q2 and the rest of the year?
Kevin P. March: Okay, I can make some comments. I made probably the most substantial comments already just in terms of our view of what was helping. But clearly, automotive is an area of strength. It's one of the few areas where year-on-year, as I noted, we had growth and that probably partly had to do with some of the automotive industries overall. Globally, we're impacted by supply-chain issues early last year from the Japan quake and tsunami. And so there's a very good recovery. Maybe even some pent-up consumer demand on top of a trend for increasing electronics content and semiconductor growth. Wireless infrastructure, our view is the excess inventory that had tended to build in that channel has essentially been eliminated. We're seeing stronger demand now and we expect that we'll continue to grow from here. Again, we ended up better than fourth quarter but well below both the year ago, as well as even the third quarter revenue levels. In that market, you've heard us talk about before, as consumers with their smartphones and tablets, demand more mobile data. There are just some really positive trends that are taking place there in terms of carriers need to deploy more capacity. And even the type of capacity they're deploying, historically it's been macro cells with -- in both mostly, WCDMA but even to some degree, some LTE. Going forward, you will see more and more of that shift to a small cell type of structure, where our percent of that content, just small cell almost by its very definition, is going to require System-on-a-Chip implementation and we have a great position both in terms of the scalability from what we've done with the same equipment manufacturers from the macro cell and then trying to scale down into the small cell but also just even expanding our position from there. So just a really strong trend, secular trend, overall in wireless infrastructure that we think will play to our advantage, literally, in the years ahead. Handsets, less and less of a direct tie there for TI in terms of the size of that business. But absolutely, we think smartphone market 2012 is healthy. Growth probably in the 25% range for smartphones this year compared with last year. Just some good healthy trends there. Industrial, I think from an end-demand standpoint, probably not a lot of change. But again, I think what we're encouraged about is whereas in that upturn in 2009, we had a lot of the verticals that were lifting in the second quarter, but literally, it wasn't until fourth quarter, if I remember right, before we started seeing industrial really start to recover. We're already seeing industrial markets recover. So again, a lot of it may not be end demand driven, it may just be the fact that they are no longer reducing their semiconductor inventory that's creating the lift on TI. But again, it's healthy for us. Consumer, I think I noted that we had seasonal weakness there and that was in several different consumer areas. I think we had to get out of the first quarter and into what would be a seasonally stronger quarters ahead to really know what's going on in that space. And then probably the last one I would comment on is on computing. We noted earlier that HDD was in recovery mode. We see that continuing into second quarter '12, such that whatever bottleneck HDD has played in terms of the supply side of the PC market, we think, will essentially be lifted. And then, at that point, we'll understand better what PC end demand really looks like.
Operator: We'll go next to see CJ Muse with Barclays.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess first question, if I look at the midpoint to the south end of your revenue guide relative to end markets and relative to many of your semi peers, you're clearly tracking a little bit better. So curious, your thoughts here, it's more inventory replenishment or Texan-specific in terms of market share gains and/or your leverage to the right markets? Any color there would be great.
Ron Slaymaker: I think you could see a little bit the all of the above, with the exception of, I don't know that, CJ, I would -- I don't believe we are seeing any real substantial inventory replenishment at all. I think what we may be seeing is lack of inventory reduction. And that, in and of itself, will start to create a lift in demand for us. So again, where ever since, I would say, third quarter of last year through probably first quarter of this year, where we had been undershipping our customers, now that they have their inventory position where they need it, they will start ordering again consistent with their own production rates or their end demand, and that will create a pretty significant lift for us based on our views of how far below that end demand we have been shipping. So, of course, that's going to be broader than just Texas Instruments. But I think we've been busy through the course of the last few quarters, and especially with the National product line, very aggressively working design in position, such that when the market began to lift again, we would disproportionately benefit. And then I think you've also heard us talk about that on the capacity side, we think we will be competitively advantaged, as well as when these markets go back into growth mode.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Real quickly, in terms of some of the discussions around 28-nanometer shortages, I'm just curious if you're hearing anything on the demand side, where on the power management or through all of wireless you're seeing, I guess, some concerns around getting other chipsets and what impacts that might have on the timing of your shipments.
Ron Slaymaker: CJ, just from what I've heard anecdotally through the investor world, it seems like there's some of that starting to rear its head, I have not heard that through our businesses or the customers yet as a specific concern that they have. So it could be there and we just haven't heard it. But we have not had it coming back to us through customers and our business groups yet.
Operator: We'll go next to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to revisit this issue of gross margins and how we should think about the different moving parts of Q2 implied margins, what are underutilization charges, what is the mix impact? Essentially, what are the -- sort of, the one-off items and what are the more ongoing items. And then how we should think about the walk back towards the mid-50s gross margins model that you had established before?
Kevin P. March: Vivek, I'll mention what I did a few minutes ago to everybody else. But directionally, we would expect our gross margins to be up. I would suggest that maybe when you folks put the models together, maybe they're not quite estimating some lines correctly when they look into the future. One of the things I would point out is that our OpEx will probably be up another 1 or 2 points in the second quarter. And that's just simple math rolling out. In other words, our benefits increase occurred in February of the first quarter. And so the second quarter we'll see a full quarter's effect of that, and that may be where people are having a little trouble on their gross margin analysis. To as far as our overall gross margin model, I would just perhaps remind you that our focus is on revenue growth, and frankly, it's on revenue growth to grow faster than markets and earnings to grow faster than revenues so we can continue to make healthy cash returns to our shareholders as we have been in the form of dividends and buybacks over the last few years. We're not projecting actual margins greater than 55 and 30 and we're also not concluding this from happening as margins are going to be dependent upon product mix and utilization as you pointed out. I think as you heard from Ron, 78% of our revenue now is from our core products and clearly, analog is now more than 1/2 of our revenue, and that's very encouraging from a product mix standpoint. So I think as we watch that mix continue to shift, we're going to like the results, not just on gross margins and operating margin but importantly, on bottom line cash and what we can do with that for shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: On your Core Wireless business outside of baseband, how do we get the confidence that over the long term, this is a real growth driver for the business. Because when we look in the market, and I think all of these questions have been asked before but when we look in the market, we do see, at the high-end, Apple and Samsung really taking a lot of the high-end business and then at the low end, there's just substantially more competition coming online. So how do you get the comfort that this is a business that you should be investing in over the long term? And even if you take it into some of these embedded markets, would these really add value or will they be lower ASP, lower margin-type market?
Ron Slaymaker: Vivek, I guess, this is one where I would just kind of have to -- we will able to give you some progress report as we proceed where we have particular customer successes in moving into some of these adjacent areas that we talked about. One I can just throw out because I'm thinking about it, a release that happened, I want to say, about a month ago, with iRobot, using OMAP for robotic imaging applications. And that's just an example, but in some cases, customers are amenable to having their names discussed. In other cases, they want to -- they'd rather be a little more discreet until they get their products in the market. I think also, we've announced customers in the automotive infotainment space using, again, OMAP. But, Vivek, I would also say this a case where I think our management team has a pretty strong track record of if a business or an operation, the outlook is not what we think it needs to be, you've seen us not be shy about adjusting our strategy accordingly. And so, this is one way, hopefully, we can get some credit just based on a very long solid track record of making those appropriate strategic moves and it will be management driving that change from inside of the company as opposed to, frankly, convincing Wall Street and getting Wall Street to nod or shake its head on where we're headed. So again, give us a little bit of patience here and we'll try to give you some status reports as we're moving along to help you continue to feel good about where we're going with it.
Operator: We'll go next to Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Did you say -- when you talked about small cells, is that part of the way you have -- would that include that in your guidance or your view for wireless infrastructure both in the quarter that just ended and in the coming quarter? And are you able to -- let me understand how your positioning in that market is relative to other companies such as Casio and Broadcom, and they both free-scale [ph] within that market. I mean, [indiscernible] has described that market as additive as opposed to cannibalizing macro-based patients. It sounds like you think the opposite. So let me just understand how that plays between your current quarter and your guide and your competitive positioning?
Ron Slaymaker: I think it's -- I don't know additive versus cannibalization. I mean, think what you're going to see is that it's kind of the next wave of technology, I might say, in terms of base stations and we will see a significant part of this spend move to small cell, we believe, as the carriers are doing their best to keep up with just the consumers' data capacity needs. And small cell is one of the most cost-effective means that they can do that because basically, they can deploy these cells with minimal installation costs and even considerations like their electricity usage are much more straightforward than continued deployment of macro level base stations. So I think we're going to see both but we think over time, and this is looking forward, Uche, more so than anything that happened in the first quarter, over time, we're going to see it represent a much more significant piece of the dollar content. In terms of position, a lot of people -- I mean, obviously it's an attractive market, everybody wants to claim success. I guess all I would say is we have a very strong position in macro and we expect that our position in small cell will meet or exceed what we have in terms of macro. So just in terms of where there were known programs that were put out for bid, I shouldn't say that way. Of the total available programs, various carriers, et cetera, not all of which are determined at this point, we've already had design positions in more than, what I would call, half of the small cell opportunity. And those are a number of programs, the market share position actually is higher than that because some of these players are more important than others. So again, we're off to a great start. This is a system-on-a-chip technology, it's going to -- you may see the very first generation be somewhat, what I would call, not integrated. But this is about cost power, a lot of things that because of the form factor, will very, very quickly drive full-up system-on-a-chip implementations. And we're going to be very well-positioned there. So I'll just say we've got great design position, our content, these systems, is going to be very high and we think the market outlook there is really good and it's just going to be one where, again, kind of like what we were saying in previous Q&A, the results will show when the results show. We've got great position but to the extent others claim they have a really great position and create confusion there, we may just have to wait until that translates to revenue and profit growth for TI.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Let me ask you, in terms of your view of the restocking rates, and I ask this question because some of the key lead indicators we look at, like the PMI data coming out of China and Europe still are not -- they're improving, but still not at levels that we think is driving significant confidence in your restocking program going on right now. I know you describe the environment as where destocking has stopped but we've seen the orders go up a lot. Do you think the environment, at this point, is enough for us to feel comfortable with basically where these key lead indicators out of Europe and China are still not essentially clear. I mean, the U.S. is strong. That's fantastic, but to what extent do we need all these order markets to show enough for us to feel comfortable that the orders that we're seeing is going to be sustained?
Kevin P. March: Uche, I think you're asking about restocking rate. You were breaking up a bit on your question there, but I'm going to assume that's what it was. So let me take it from there. As Ron mentioned, what we believe we're seeing is not so much the customers are restocking per se, as that they've stopped reducing their inventories. And so even if they just hold their inventories at lower levels, that's going to result in higher orders for us because they've depleted the pipeline in their prior shipments. From an overall standpoint, we do expect to grow in 2012, which means that we're anticipating the economy is going to do okay to support that. And that's a reference to the global economy. There will probably be some stronger pockets than others. One could reasonably expect the Americas were probably stronger than Europe. One could also look at Asia, China in particular, and say that it may -- they may have purportedly slower growth rate than recent, but it's still growing at an extremely fast rate compared to the Western economies. And that rates against a very large economy itself. It's already the second largest economy in the world. So when we put it all together, I'd say right now, we're not seeing or we can't necessarily prove a point to any evidence of customers restocking. What it appears to us is more like at this stage, customers have stopped draining and are now at least holding their inventories and we'll have to make a few weeks or a few months, perhaps, to report to see if we actually see evidence of restocking.
Operator: We'll go next to Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I want to ask a question on the utilization side and forgive me if it's a little convoluted but the utilization rates you talked about, at 50% to 55% roughly, where did that peak? And really what I'm getting at is you guys added a lot of supply, your own acquisitions of supply, plus adding National. What I'm trying to figure out is how much of that utilization dropped from wherever that peak was due to adding the supply versus the revenues coming down? Or said differently, what revenue do you need to get back to, to have the same amount of utilization-driven goodness with your current manufacturing footprint versus where you were prior?
Kevin P. March: Ross, it may take the 2 of us to try to give an answer for you on that, but the 50% to 55% you're referring to is in fact the utilization rate we discussed last quarter. I don't think we gave -- excuse me, fourth quarter. We haven't discussed what this quarter is just yet other than to say that we have increased our starts in the factories and it takes a while for those starts to become outs. And so our average utilization is about even. But the starts-based utilization actually increased in the quarter. It is worth noting, as you pointed out, the incremental capacity we put in place. Clearly, over the last couple of years, between the factories we acquired and the acquisition of National Semiconductor, we have added $7 billion worth of incremental revenue generating capacity. And so all things being equal, by definition, we've got a lower utilization than we would be at the same revenue levels in the past. And that alone, of course, will cause a larger utilization charge as I think is what you were alluding to. But we clearly have room to increase our revenues substantially with that capacity we've brought on board. And I think the simplest way to think about it is, all-in, it's about $7 billion of incremental revenue generating capacity. From there, I'll leave it to you to kind of model where you think that takes us but frankly, I'm pretty optimistic that's going to not only be attractive from letting us grow revenue rapidly as the markets come back but also do so at very attractive margins given the cost of that capacity when we acquired it.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Hopefully a little clearer one, on the SVA side of things, can you talk a little bit about what was driving the sequential growth there relative to your other analog segments given that there's sell in and so DIST [ph] heavy-- I would have thought that they would have acted a little bit more synchronized with your other businesses?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, Ross, the only other thing I would caution against is that was a relatively easy compare against fourth quarter. Because remember in fourth quarter, we had some distribution channel changes where we discontinued one of their major distributors. We added TI distributors. So I would say first quarter, the compare is relatively easy against fourth quarter. So I don't know that I want to draw a lot of real strong conclusions about this market or that market as opposed to just saying at this point, we would say it was an easy compare and put the challenge in front of that team to let's see if they can do it again. And after that, we'll probably challenge them again.
Operator: We'll go next to Mark Lipacis with Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: You're forecasting CapEx at $700 million. Still, to get there, you'd have to double the run rate for this quarter. I'm wondering if in the CapEx you reported in Q1, was it what you expected to? And whether or not you got some efficiencies and there's a chance to undershoot that CapEx number?
Kevin P. March: Mark, the CapEx came in not far off from what we're expecting for 1Q. In fact, you'll see us on the spending, actually spend it closer to when we actually bring the equipment in, with the front end of wafer fab capacity required over the last couple of years, a larger portion of our CapEx is aimed at the assembly test sites. And generally speaking, the lead times on that type of equipment is shorter, and so we can order it and install it closer to when we actually have the revenue need for it. So as a result of that, we still are holding to our prior estimate of a $700 million CapEx for the year. I would just remind you, if you take a look at our actual CapEx spend over the last 12 months, it's been a little over 5% of our total revenue and that's translated into a little less than 7% depreciation total revenue over the last 12 months. So clearly, the spend that we did the last few years bringing on the wafer fabs that we did has been at very little cost to us from a fixed standpoint and is allowing us to actually operate at much lower CapEx levels than we had in the past. We've previously indicated that we would be a 5% to 8% of revenue kind of CapEx model given the wafer fabs that we bought over the last couple of years. Over the next foreseeable future, we'd probably run up the lower end of that range, closer to 5% than 8%.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: The factory -- could you just spell out, Kevin, one last time, the Spansion impact to the gross margin? Is that something that, just, it hits first right now in the second quarter? And can you quantify the impact at all?
Kevin P. March: Mark, I won't go so far as to quantify but I will remind you, we reported when we came out of fourth quarter, the Spansion revenues ran about $34 million a quarter. And frankly, we weren't -- I would graciously say we weren't making a whole lot of profit on that. So as a result, once that revenue went away, the capacity was left behind and was converted and now available for analog. So that cost is all going into the analog P&L now. That occurred with the first quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: Whereas previously, when it was there supporting Spansion, it was in our Other segment, Mark. Okay, Mark, thanks for your questions and with this, we'll close up. Thank you for joining us. We hope to see many of you next week in New York. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: That does conclude our conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-12-08 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker - Richard K. Templeton - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Special Committee
Analysts: John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments Fourth Quarter 2011 Mid-Quarter Update Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining TI's mid-quarter financial update for the fourth quarter of 2011. In a moment, I will provide a short summary of TI's current expectations for the quarter, updating the revenue and EPS estimate ranges for the company. In general, I will not provide detailed information on revenue trends by segment or end markets, and I will not address details of profit margins. In our earnings release at the end of the quarter, we will provide this information. As usual with our mid-quarter update, we will not be taking follow-up calls this evening. Considering the limited information available at this point in the quarter and in consideration of everyone's time, we will limit this call to 30 minutes. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is broadcast live over the Web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the Web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the news release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. We have narrowed and lowered our expected ranges for TI's revenue and earnings from our previous ranges. We now expect TI revenue between $3.19 billion and $3.33 billion. We expect earnings per share between $0.21 and $0.25. The reductions are due to broadly lower demand across a wide range of markets, customers and products, except for wireless applications processors. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible the opportunity to ask a question, please limit yourself to a single question. I will provide you the opportunity to ask a follow-up question. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Ron, can I just ask you if there are any one-time items that may have impacted the EPS the way it did related to the revenue downgrade?
Ron Slaymaker: Uche, are you asking specifically about why it seems like EPS moved...
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That is correct.
Richard K. Templeton: Down disproportionate to the revenue? I don't know that I would say -- actually, there are some one-time items. Let me kind of walk through that transition, in general, if I can. First of all, I would say mix is unfavorable. And if you think about it, we actually haven't talked yet about product areas per se, but what I would say is we're seeing downsize versus our expectations in some of the more profitable areas, such as communications infrastructure and some of the catalog analog and Embedded Processing product areas, while at the same time, we're seeing upside in Wireless. So that mix shift is unfavorable to profit margins, and therefore, EPS. I think also impacting us this quarter is utilization, with revenue down more than we had initially expected. We've also further reduced production loadings to avoid building excess inventory. And so as a result, the underutilization expense will be higher this quarter, therefore further pressuring profit margins compared to last quarter. And then finally, maybe to the point you had initially asked. We will have higher acquisition-related expenses by about $20 million, which is about $0.01 per share higher than what we had previously expected.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Now in terms of the -- what changed between the last earnings call and now? Obviously, we know the macro has continued to weaken. But in terms of the expectation that we will have seen a bottoming process forming, are you still willing to stand by that comment even though you've had to lower now? I mean, you've had to recalibrate how you view things from here onwards. In respect to the earlier comments from your last earnings call, how should I think about it?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. So let's start with what changed. And again, as I said in my opening remarks, the weakness really is pretty broad-based with the exception of Wireless. So revenue in our Analog, Embedded Processing and other segments is weaker than we had originally expected. If you look at it by end market, communications infrastructure is exceptionally weak. Really, that's being driven by UMTS-based systems in North America as those couple of carriers await the outcome of their proposed merger. Industrial markets also remain weak, and I would say in that space, we have both customers and distributors seemingly pushing component inventory levels to very low levels. In the computing space, computing overall is down with declines at storage or hard disk drive customers, especially exacerbated by the flooding in Thailand. And then consumer product areas, such as televisions and video games are also weak this quarter. I mentioned the one bright spot is Wireless, and there our OMAP revenue is doing very well this quarter. Just as a reminder, we're now seeing the benefit of customer programs that have ramped into production using our latest OMAP 4 processor. Those customer programs include Samsung's Nexus smartphone, which is our first production program based on Google's Ice Cream Sandwich reference design; Samsung's GALAXY S II smartphone, Motorola's DROID BIONIC and RAZR smartphones, LG's Thrill smartphone with its 3D playback and capture feature. And then most recently, the Amazon Fire tablet and the Barnes & Noble NOOK Tablet are both based upon OMAP 4. And then probably the final end market area that I would mention is automotive. And there, I would describe that sales into our automotive applications, we would expect this quarter to be about flat sequentially, which was really about as we had expected. So that's really what changed, Uche.
Operator: We'll go next to Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: I was wondering if you could add some color, if you could, on the order linearity. When did -- did you see cancellations and pushouts? Or is it just turns didn't come in as expected? And how did orders progress month by month for the quarter so far?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Shawn, I would say orders -- total orders likely declined some from the third quarter level. This decline -- excuse me, this decline includes the seasonal impact from calculators, as well as what I would just characterize as lumpiness in baseband. If we just look at our semiconductor products and pull out baseband because of that lumpiness, I would say orders there have generally been moving sideways since the significant drop that we saw in the month of July and that we talked about in our October call. They've been kind of noisy from a month-to-month basis, but the overall trend has been flattish since that period.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Just on inventories, I was wondering if you could hazard a guess if you think your OEM and your distribution customers are burning inventory now or what your visibility there is?
Ron Slaymaker: All right. Clearly, reducing inventories, and I would say really in both fronts. The distribution, we, obviously, see that data most clearly because we just know what distributors are carrying. And they are continuing to take inventories down, and I would say they have inventories down to very low levels. And our belief is that at the OEM customers, inventory is being reduced and that, in fact, we're undershipping those customers' production levels.
Operator: We'll go next to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have actually a longer term question. So in the past year, you have added a significant amount of capacity and I understand these are not shotgun decisions. But structurally, are there actions that you can take to in the downside if macro remains somewhat weak for the next 1 or 2 quarters also?
Ron Slaymaker: You mean specifically in terms of shutting down some of that capacity.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, because gross margin have taken a big hit over the last several quarters and I'm trying to understand how you can sort of limit downside from here given that the visibility is still somewhat weak out there.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes. In fact, I would just say that's not in our plans. And obviously, there are a lot of options we could do, but especially given our view that we're undershipping demand; therefore, when customers are through with their inventory correction, we will be seeing growth even if there is no growth in end demand or inventory replenishment just as we move back to the customers' production levels. So in that environment and especially considering the low carrying cost of the capacity that we have on board, we have no intention to take any of that, especially the new capacity that we've been bringing on and doing anything other than fill it up over the course of time.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So one more. You mentioned that you are undershipping demand. So if you looked at historical trends, how long can that situation persist, i.e. is Q4 a bottom? Is Q1 a bottom? How do we get a sense for that based on what you have seen in similar situations before?.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Sure. And I think this ties somewhat back to the question Uche asked maybe, that I hadn't gotten to specifically, which is do we still believe that we're in this bottoming process in the downturn, and the answer is we do. So what we look at, first of all, is that inventory levels of TI just as customers and distributors are now very low, and as I said before, we believe we're undershipping demand. So just to reiterate, at some point, customers will have to stop reducing inventory. And when that happens, our revenue will grow as our shipments increase to match the customers' production level even if there's no growth in end demand or replenishment of inventory. And for anybody that's watched this industry cycle over the course of time, you fully understand that once you start to get in that process and customers regain confidence in their own outlook, the next phase is they will typically then layer in addition inventory as well. The customers historically have not forecast these snapbacks in their demand, and instead, they rely on short product lead times to support their increased demand. We think we are very well positioned both with our inventory, as well as our short lead times to support that inevitable increase in demand. And the other thing that I would point to, which I had mentioned earlier, is just the stability you might say in terms of the orders took a step down in the month of July, but they've generally been flattish since that time, which is to us indicative of a bottoming process as well. I don't have an exact time period. Is it this quarter or is it next quarter as to where that snapback could occur? Historically, if you look at semiconductor inventory corrections, the response time generally results in a couple of quarters of inventory burn. And that's just looking at history. But we'll have to see what this one holds. But I guess I would say we continue to be encouraged that we're in the bottoming process even though demand was a little weaker than what we had initially expected this quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess first question is kind of strategically with all the strategic fab capacity that you guys have, how do you think about using that in this kind of environment? Or maybe even more specifically, as things start to bounce back a little bit, do you try to be a little bit more aggressive on pricing to pick up a little bit of that incremental bump in business that you'll see as customers start to normalize the order patterns? Or is it more important you keep pricing pretty steady and try and get the margins back to a more healthy level?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, margins will return to more normalized levels just as we fill that capacity up. So my view is that probably doesn't tie so much to pricing and just a matter of as we ship more units, and therefore, amortize that what currently is an underutilization expense, that will do good things for margins. You've heard us say many times in the past that for the most part, the proprietary product lines that we sell tend to be more spec-elastic versus price-elastic. So even -- we're aggressive in pursuing new opportunities. We tend to do it based on the product specifications that we're offering, the support package, the applications engineering as opposed to thinking that somehow if we drop a couple cents off the price, that somehow that would make a difference in the demand that we actually see. So again, we tend not to view price. Although I will also say, we recognize we have to be competitive on price. And I think we have a cost structure that allows us to be competitive with any of our -- any competitor in the world. So again, I think that's why for our salespeople, price is not an excuse for them to lose a piece of business, but nor is it the reason they should win a piece of business. We want to be competitive on price, but we win the business based on other considerations.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This question is specifically about Analog. So I understand there's a lot of program ramps and design wins and share gains and apps processors. But relative to the Analog piece of the business, when is it fair for us to measure your share gain story again? In other words, it's always difficult in the downturn to say, well, they're not gaining any share in the downturn. But when is it going to be fair for us to say, look at your revenue share of the industry versus your revenue share in a previous period or cycle and to determine whether the share gain story is kind of playing out?
Ron Slaymaker: Jim, I don't know that it's not fair to look at it in a downturn. I mean we look at it every quarter. Now we don't overreact to any particular data point. But I think the right way to do it is to sample it quarterly and we ask ourselves the question, if there's a quarter where we believe we underperform, we ask ourselves why, and frankly, you guys should be asking us why as well. So sample it quarterly and the best way to make the story work over the long term is to make sure it works every quarter. But at the same time, maybe in a downturn like this, you may see more strategic long-term use in terms of share from the standpoint of gaining position at customers on new design programs and things like that, more so than the different show up in revenue that particular quarter. But again, every quarter absolutely counts.
Operator: We'll go to Mark Lipacis with Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Ron, you said on your October quarter call, I believe that you said that the distributor inventory is worth 6 weeks and that was at normal levels. It sounds like they're lower now. Given that you have a pretty clear visibility there, can you quantify where they are now? Or at least talk qualitatively about how close they are relative to where they were at the depths of the financial crisis?
Ron Slaymaker: I don't want to try to quantify where distributors are right now until the end of the quarter, Mark, but I think your interpretation of what we're saying is correct, that distributor inventory is going down this quarter. In fact, and maybe if I can just comment on distribution overall, but make some specific inventory comments. If you just look at resales, we would expect resales from distribution to the client compared to the third quarter, although at this point, it looks like they'll decline a little less than TI's revenue would overall if we take the national or the SBA revenue out just because we only had it for, what, a week last quarter. Inventory distributors, we expect to be down by a double-digit percentage at this point. And again, that's compared with the third quarter. Although I'll also say that, that includes inventory returns from a discontinued national distributor. And so that, the returns from that distributor probably will contribute maybe a couple few points of the decline in and of itself. Even without that, you can see there's a pretty sharp decline in distributor inventory levels. Just one data point that I saw that I'll pass on almost anecdotally: if you look at inventory for the products that we would characterize as specific to the industrial market, just in the last couple of quarters, inventory of those products at distributors has been cut in half. So again, the distributors are moving pretty aggressively in terms of reducing inventory. And we all have to watch it because demand can come back pretty quickly. But again, call it the buffer. What we feel comfortable with that is that inside TI, our own inventory, we think we're pretty well positioned. So distributors are tightening up somewhat, but we feel that we have enough buffer inside TI to be able to respond as business comes back again.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Thanks for that detail. In kind of modeling the cash flow for next year, I guess I have to believe that front-end CapEx will be at maintenance levels, and you've been -- you may or may not have to get back into equipment. One, is that a fair way to think about it? And two, could you give us a sense of what is like a maintenance level of CapEx?
Ron Slaymaker: Maybe one way to look at it overall, Mark, is I think historically, we've guided that we would expect our CapEx to range somewhere between 5% to 8% of revenue. As you pointed out, with the capacity additions we've made and over the past couple of years, I think it's fair. We clearly have pulled in capital spending from future years. We don't need to spend a lot on front-end capacity. And therefore, we would expect to be at the lower end of that range kind of what you said, both capital maintenance on the front end and then additions to assembly test. What I would say is, even assembly test, depending upon growth, as we have more years produced, obviously, we'll need to expand our capacity on assembly test after we refill the existing capacity. And so with utilization both on front end and back end coming back somewhat as we've gone through this downturn, clearly, we have room to grow from current levels before we really even need to spend on back end capacity to any significance.
Operator: We'll go to Tore Svanberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Ron, you've qualitatively talked about some of your end markets, but could you also do the same for your regions space?
Ron Slaymaker: Sure. I guess, and again, this is just based on the first 2 months of the quarter and extrapolating that through the end of the quarter. But probably no surprise, Europe is currently our weakest region, followed by Asia, and then the U.S. All 3 of those regions, we would expect to be down based upon that 2 months worth of data. Japan, therefore, is the only region that is tracking to be up sequentially, and that's really as it just continues its post-earthquake recovery.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: You talked about the Wireless infrastructure being intentionally weak, and I think you mentioned maybe that's due to some pushouts. Do you have a sense on how those pushouts look like, meaning is it a quarter or is this going to be a multi-quarter pushout?
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know. And I think as I said, it really goes beyond our customers to their customers what the carriers, and I think you're all aware they're trying to merge and how they spend and where they spend will be different based on whether that merger happens or if for some reason it doesn't happen. And so in the interim, while they're sorting that out, they've pretty much stopped spending. So I have no idea how to assess how long that may last, but that's what's currently impacting us there in terms of the decline. Other carriers are flattish. Some of the programs in India or China that we've all talked about and hoped was maybe going to be ramping are still on hold at this point, but actually what's impacting us in terms of the decline would be those North American carriers that I talked about.
Operator: We'll go to Christopher Danely with JP Morgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So one thing you said today that you guys also said on the conference call about a 1.5 month ago is that bookings have essentially bottomed for the last couple of months, but clearly the revenue outlook is worse. I'm just wondering what is the difference there? Or is this just, in your opinion, a massive inventory drawdown by the distis? Are your customers telling you where demand is risky [ph]? Can you sort of parse that out?
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, I can -- and I don't know that I can talk too specifically about customer demand. But our assessment is that this is mostly them taking inventory levels down more than what we had expected, as opposed to their demand is significantly weaker than what we had expected.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And have you noticed any, I guess, worse performance from the national versus the legacy TI business? Is there any more downside from national? Do you think any of this is a result of the merger?
Ron Slaymaker: No. In fact, I would say national is declining this quarter, but declining about the same as our HPA revenues. And as you know, both of those areas are catalog products sold through distribution. And I would say they both have relatively strong ties to the industrial market, which is weak right now. But I wouldn't say national is disproportionately a factor one way or the other here.
Operator: We'll go next to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess I'm trying to figure out a little bit better what's going on with gross margins in the December quarter. So I guess can you help me understand if OpEx dollars are kind of flattish with the old model, it implies sort of a 200-basis point drop. If that's the case, what's utilization versus mix? And were you able to do anything on the OpEx line? Or with the national integration, is OpEx kind of a fixed cost this quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. And, John, let me make sure I understand or maybe let me just kind of reiterate what we said last quarter. OpEx I think we said in our October call, our view is that OpEx would go up somewhere in the $160 million to $170 million range. And that was a combination of basically having a full quarter of national OpEx in fourth quarter versus only a week of it in the third quarter. And then also, I think we talked about some of the -- as we had adjusted in light of the environment and forecast some of the variable element of compensation in the third quarter, there were catch-up accruals basically to adjust the cumulative effect for first half. And that catch-up piece of those lower accruals would not, therefore, recur in the fourth quarter. So we said OpEx would be up about $150 million to $170 million. Suffice it to say in this environment, we're going to try to keep a tight control and do better than that. But that's certainly part of it, which is we're not going to be able to do anything about. So OpEx will go up by about that amount. Gross margin, I think, as you pointed out, will be down, but it's also down for the 2 reasons I talked about, mix and then specialty utilization. And then the only other consideration that I should just remind you about is, remember, on cost of revenue, there's about $100 million of additional expense in the fourth quarter that I would describe as acquisition-related. And that's tied to the fair value markup of the inventory that we received from National as part of that acquisition. But that's probably -- those are probably the moving pieces that I can think off to point out at this point. Did that answer your question, John?
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess as a follow-up, midpoint of revenue coming down by about $140 million. I guess I just want to understand, did Wireless quarter-to-date on the OMAP coming in better than you originally expected at the beginning of the quarter? And can you help us kind of give the magnitudes, if I x out OMAP, what's the rest of the business doing versus expectations at the beginning of the quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, yes. OMAP is doing better than expected. I can't quantify it at this point in the quarter, but I would just say OMAP is growing very nicely, and we'll have more details for you in January. But we expected good growth out of it and it's delivering even better growth. And so other areas are making up -- more than offsetting that growth, and obviously, we've taken the overall guidance down. So they're all doing quite a bit worse than what we had anticipated when we came in. And again, probably for reasons of both macro as well as inventory reduction.
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Ellis of Caris & Company.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just an inquiry on the PC related businesses. You mentioned some Thai flooding impact. Is that proving to be a little bit worse than the what the company expected into the quarter or pretty much in line?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, and again, if you go back to what we said in October, we looked our own supply chain's risk both in terms of, I think a lead frame that we bought from a supplier there that we knew would be disrupted, and from assembly test that we had there, and I think we quantified that impact as about 1%. But again, that was just TI supply chain. What we tried to communicate was the first order effect, which was the customer, the direct customer impact of hard disk drive that were manufactured in Thailand. And then maybe even a second order effect of PC manufacturers that couldn't get hard disk drives that might be weaker than otherwise expected. And again, we had some estimates there, but clearly that is having impact, certainly the first order effect. I don't know how much -- we're not the best source to be able to comment on the PC manufacturers. Clearly, they're going to be impacted by the same macro considerations that every other market segment is. So they likely would have been weak anyway. Was that weakness exacerbated by lack of storage? I don't know.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: With one of the design-ins you have with OMAP 4, the Kindle Fire, you've done a good job getting other content in there, like Wi-Fi. As you look at your design-in funnel with Ice Cream Sandwich systems, do you see a greater propensity of those design wins bundling more TI content? Or how do you think about your ability to attach other components when you get that OMAP 4 design win?
Ron Slaymaker: I would describe that as pretty strong, no guarantees, but usually almost always when we win OMAP, we'll have some power management Analog type products attached to it. And then sometimes connectivity. We don't bundle the 2. So there will be places we fill connectivity without OMAP, there will be places we fill OMAP without connectivity and then there will be customers we fill both into. But almost always, when we fill OMAP, customers just find it more convenient to work with TI on a lot of the Analog products, such as power management, as well as our sales force is trained to work their way through those customer systems and pick up as much of that companion Analog content as they possibly can. So I would say when we sell OMAP, we usually do very well selling other products outside of OMAP as well. Thank you for your questions, and before we end the call, let me remind you that the replay is available on our website. Thank you and good evening.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-24 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker - IR Kevin P. March - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments' Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our third quarter 2011 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for December 8. At that time, we expect to adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate. This is a complex earnings report primarily because we have a soft demand environment and a significant acquisition with accounting implications. We've taken extra effort to provide clarity and transparency. In today's call, we'll give you an update on our progress with the National acquisition and explain the associated costs and accounting. We'll cover the demand environment for the third and fourth quarters, and we'll provide detailed transitions for earnings per share. On our website, we also provide you additional detail to assist in understanding the combination of TI and National. We have closed the National acquisition on September 23. In addition to the usual activities of integration, the first leg of a World Tour has been completed through Asia. Our Analog manager, Gregg Lowe, and his team of National business managers have already held many meetings with the TI's sales force, with distributors and most importantly, with customers. The power of the combined portfolio is being confirmed. Distributors are committing more dedicated resources to TI and the strong analog portfolio. Customer feedback is almost universal, where National's design-in position had been shrinking over the past 3 years due to their commercial posture. Customers nonetheless love the products and are ready to immediately reengage. The World Tour will continue over the next 3 weeks as we aggressively work to show customers the benefits of our combined portfolios. Let's move now to the demand environment, which was weak in the third quarter. Revenue was flat sequentially in quarter, when historically it has grown on average about 7%. That being said, we were encouraged that revenue landed above the high end of our range of expectations due to a stronger-than-expected month of September. Our book-to-bill ratio was below one for the quarter, and we expect revenue to again decline more than seasonally in the fourth quarter. Even with this outlook, we see conditions that suggest the bottoming process has begun. After a sharp drop in July, the rate of decline in orders slowed considerably in August and September. Lead times are short, and inventories at distributors and OEMs are lean. On average, our semiconductor product revenue in a fourth quarter would be about flat sequentially. And our total revenue would decline about 3% due to the seasonal pattern in calculator sales. This fourth quarter, excluding National, we expect our semiconductor revenue to decline about 7% at the middle of our range, and total revenue to be down about 10%. When including a full quarter of National's revenue, semiconductor revenue should be about flat at mid-range and the company down about 3% because of calculator seasonality. Our acquisition of National was an important step in our strategy to further strengthen our position in the analog semiconductor market. National's 12,000 products enhance our product portfolio. TI had 30,000 analog products before the acquisition and will introduce about 500 new products in 2011. These additions to our portfolio meaningfully accelerate our product strategy. Similarly, the addition of 5,000-plus employees, many of whom have deep and hard-to-find expertise in analog design, analog process technology, packaging and manufacturing, will enhance our capabilities. Finally, National's 3 factories have lots of room for growth, which means we can focus our energies on customers and on driving growth from this portfolio instead of the unproductive task of moving products between factories that creates a lot of overhead expense and customer disruption. We have included a supplemental chart on our website that details how much the acquisition contributed to our financial results. We closed the acquisition on September 23 and therefore, had 7 days of its results consolidated into TI's and our Analog segment's third quarter. The revenue contribution over this 7-day period was $18 million, and there was $2 million of associated operating profit consolidated into our Analog segment under the organizational name, Silicon Valley Analog. Silicon Valley Analog, or SVA as we abbreviate it, is now a fourth component of our Analog segment, along with High Performance Analog, Power Management and High Volume Analog & Logic. Of course, the $2 million of operating profit does not include acquisition-related charges, which are included in our Other segment. Kevin will review the acquisition-related charges and the impact of the acquisition on some of our balance sheet lines in a few minutes. Our website also includes a chart that provides a historical perspective of the combined financials back to the beginning of 2010 and a chart that provides National's July to September results for 2011. We thought the latter would help you establish a baseline for our performance as we move into the fourth quarter as a combined operation. In future quarters, we will not break out details of our Silicon Valley Analog performance separately from the Analog segment's financial results. So let's shift to the details of our third quarter results. Revenue declined 7% from a year ago and was flat sequentially. Revenue from our core product lines declined 3% from a year ago and declined 4% sequentially. The reason core products underperformed TI revenue overall in the sequential comparison was due to a rebound in DLP revenue, which is in the Other segment, as shipments from our Miho factory resumed in the third quarter following the shutdown after the Japan earthquake. Also, baseband revenue grew following our customer's inventory reduction in the first half of the year. Analog revenue declined 2% from a year ago and 2% sequentially. The decline from a year ago was mostly driven by lower High Performance Analog revenue, while High Volume Analog & Logic and Power Management were each about even. Sequentially, both HPA and Power Management were lower while HVAL grew a few percent. In Embedded Processing, revenue declined 7% from a year ago and 10% sequentially. Catalog products were the reason for the decline from a year ago, while Communications Infrastructure products were about even and automotive products grew double digits. In the sequential comparison, most of the decline also came from catalog products, although Communications Infrastructure products were down double digits and Automotive products were down a few points. In our Wireless segment, revenue reduced 24% from a year ago and grew 4% sequentially. Baseband products were the biggest factor in both comparisons. Baseband revenue of $263 million in the third quarter fell 40% from a year ago and grew 16% from the prior quarter. Outside of Baseband products, revenue from OMAP applications processors grew, and revenue from connectivity products declined in both comparisons. Our OMAP revenue should continue to benefit in the quarters ahead as our latest customer programs continue to ramp into production. Recently announced programs that are based on our OMAP 4 platform include: Samsung's Nexus smartphone, which will be our first OMAP production program based on Google's Ice Cream Sandwich reference platform; also, Samsung's Galaxy SII smartphone; Motorola's Droid Bionic and Droid RAZR smartphones; LG's Thrill smartphone, which is the first to feature 3D playback and capture; and the recently announced Amazon Fire tablet. A great lineup of customer products with more to come. Revenue from our Other segment fell 3% from a year ago, due mostly to the sale of our cable modem product line in the fourth quarter of 2010, as well as declines across most product areas. Sequentially, revenue in this segment grew 10%, mostly due to higher shipments of DLP products, as noted earlier, as well as from earthquake-related insurance proceeds. Turning to distribution, sales out of our distribution channel declined a couple of percentage points compared with the prior quarter. Despite falling resales, distributors reduced inventory levels even faster, resulting in the reduction of a day of inventory. Now Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin P. March: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me start by walking through some of the acquisition-related costs. We will continue to report our results on a GAAP basis. However, we will make clear for you our costs associated with the acquisition, both in the near term, as well as on an ongoing basis. We have broken out a line on our income statement called acquisition costs, where most of these charges have been consolidated. This includes items such as restructuring costs, transaction costs, retention bonuses and amortization of intangibles. In the third quarter, we had $147 million of acquisition costs. An important consideration for the next quarter is how inventory is recognized under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. Inventory that we initially receive from National must be valued at fair value. Fair value generally means selling prices. Therefore, included in cost of revenue is the expensing of the write-up of this inventory to fair value. Although we are unable to consolidate this into the acquisition cost line, we will identify for you how much this cost impacts cost of revenue. In the third quarter, it was $7 million due to the limited amount of time the Silicon Valley Analog was part of TI. It will be much more significant in the fourth quarter when we'll have a full quarter of shipments. The near-term impact is that sales of this inventory will effectively occur with little to no gross profit. This should continue to be an issue only for the fourth quarter, but we will fully expense the remaining write-up amount. All of the cost of the inventory write-up will be carried in our Other segment. Our Analog segment will carry the cost of this inventory at normal standard costs, which generally reflects the cost of production. Our intent is for you to be able to easily see the ongoing performance of TI plus National in our Analog segment. So instead of carrying the acquisition-related costs in Analog, we will carry it in our Other segment. Let me provide a summary of the $154 million in acquisition-related costs for the third quarter. They include $147 million of acquisition costs as identified on the income statement, plus $7 million of inventory write-up to fair value that is included in cost of revenue. Additionally, there was a negative $10 million discrete tax impact. All of this sums to $0.09 per share of costs associated with the acquisition. Gross profit was essentially unchanged compared with the second quarter. Factory underutilization expense was higher as we lowered our production in response to weaker demand. To a lesser extent and not atypical for a downturn, we scrapped some inventory of custom products in response to certain customer program cancellations. This was partially offset by a positive net contribution associated with the earthquake. Operating expenses of $783 million include $13 million associated with the Silicon Valley Analog. Even so, operating expenses were reduced 6% sequentially or $52 million, primarily due to reductions in the variable components of our compensation plan in response to the weaker environment. As we discussed at our mid-quarter update, we have adjusted down our estimate for TI's annual effective tax rate for 2011 to 25% due to lower expected taxable income. The third quarter included catch-up adjustments for taxes since we had accrued at a higher rate than the first half of the year, partially offset by the $10 million tax discrete acquisition-related charge I mentioned earlier. Net income in the third quarter was $601 million or $0.51 per share. Again, in the EPS calculation, please note that accounting rules require that we allocate a portion of net income to any unvested restricted stock units on which we pay dividend equivalents. In the third quarter, the amount of net income excluded from the EPS calculation was $10 million. If you don't make this adjustment, you'll likely calculate EPS to be $0.01 higher than we have reported. Given the additional complexity of this quarter, it might be helpful if I walk through various ins and outs of the transition from the $0.56 of earnings per share that we reported in the second quarter to the $0.51 reported for the third quarter. First, we had $0.08 per share of higher costs associated with the acquisition. That's $0.09 in the third quarter compared with $0.01 in the second quarter. In addition, gross profit was negatively impacted by about $0.05 associated with miscellaneous items, including the lower utilization levels, inventory scrap and product mix. We also had $0.02 of negative impact in Other income expense, mostly related to litigation associated with the divested business. And we had an additional $0.01 of interest expense this quarter. On the positive side, we saw a net $0.04 beneficial transition associated with the earthquake and our insurance proceeds for that event. We also benefited by $0.03 from operating expense reductions. Our lower tax rate, including the associated catch-up adjustments, provided a $0.03 benefit. Finally, our lower share count contributed $0.01. I'll leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release. However, let me make just a few comments. The company ended the quarter with $2.62 billion in cash. During the quarter, we issued $1.2 billion in commercial paper, which remains outstanding. Cash flow from operations was $1.14 billion. This was up $511 million from last quarter, mostly reflecting the payment of income taxes in the prior quarter. Capital expenditures were $193 million in the quarter, down from $276 million in the prior quarter. We used $450 million in the quarter to repurchase 14.1 million shares of TI common stock and pay dividends of $148 million. We increased our inventory by $203 million in the quarter. The increase was due to $215 million of inventory that came to us as a result of the acquisition. Please remember that this amount includes the effect of the write-up of the National inventory at fair value. A calculation of days of inventory yields 103 days. However, I would caution you that this is a misleading number. Not only does it include the write-up of National inventory to fair value, it also includes the entire inventory received in the acquisition even though the revenue or cost of revenue included is only for the 7 days that, that business was operating as part of TI. It is probably more meaningful to back out the inventory and cost of revenue associated with the acquisition completely. With that, our days of inventory on an apples-to-apples basis declined from 93 days at the end of the second quarter to 92 days at the end of the third quarter. Receivables and days sales outstanding should similarly be adjusted for the acquisition, with the net effect being that DSOs of 46 days would be 43 days after the adjustment. Orders of $3.07 billion in the quarter were down 15% sequentially. TI's book-to-bill ratio was 0.89 in the quarter compared with 1.04 in the second quarter. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.26 billion to $3.54 billion in the fourth quarter or down 6% to up 2% sequentially. As a reminder, this includes a full quarter of SVA revenue compared with a record -- to the third quarter that included only 7 days. Also, please remember that the fourth quarter is when we typically see about a $100 million sequential decline in calculator revenue following the back-to-school period. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.28 to $0.36. EPS will be negatively impacted by about $0.15 associated with the acquisition-related cost in the fourth quarter. This will include about $160 million of acquisition costs and additionally, about $100 million included in the cost of revenue. Also, note that the fourth quarter will include a full quarter of operating expense associated with the acquisition compared with 7 days in the third quarter. Operating expenses will also reflect the non-recurrence of catch-up adjustments to our compensation. Together, these items will result in operating expenses increasing by $160 million to $170 million. Again, in consideration of the additional complexity, let me walk through our EPS transition from the $0.51 we reported in the third quarter to the $0.32 that is at the middle of our fourth quarter range. First, acquisition-related charges of $0.15 in the fourth quarter will be about $0.06 more than we had in the third quarter. Lower revenue in the fourth quarter will impact EPS by $0.02. Lower factory utilization will impact us by about $0.01. As I mentioned previously, we will have a full quarter of SVA operating expense, which will impact us by about $0.07. Outside of the acquisition, operating expenses will go up by about $0.01 due to the non-recurrence of the third quarter catch-up adjustments to our variable compensation expense. Finally, we will see about $0.02 of negative impact from taxes in the fourth quarter. This tax impact is due to the third quarter, including the catch-up adjustment that we do not expect to recur in the fourth quarter. Our estimate for 2011 R&D, capital expenditures and depreciation are unchanged. It might be useful for me to provide some insight into our expectations for acquisition-related charges as we go forward. As a first estimate, after $260 million in the fourth quarter, we will be complete with the impact from the inventory write-up adjustment. As a result, we expect first quarter 2012 acquisition-related cost to decline to about $150 million, dropping to about $110 million in the second quarter. After that, these charges should decline about $10 million per quarter until we reach $80 million, which is the amortization of intangibles amount. This will continue for 8 to 10 years. We will update you on our expectations as we move forward, and we will continue to make these charges available -- visible for you as we report. In summary, the market environment continues to be difficult, yet we believe we have already seen early signs of stabilization. With our acquisition of National Semiconductor, we are taking a big strategic step that will strengthen both our market position and our ability to serve our customers. The integration task that is ahead of us will be a multiyear effort and will be challenging. We recognize this and are up for the job. In the end, we are confident that we will deliver attractive and growing returns on this acquisition investment for many years to come. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: And I realize that we threw a lot of data at you in our prepared remarks. We do have a copy of these prepared remarks already posted on our website for your convenience. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator?
Operator: We will go first to John Pitzer of Crdit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Quickly guys, on the core percent of revenue being down about 7% sequentially in December, I was wondering if you could just give us a little bit of color of how that might play out between analog, wireless and embedded?
Ron Slaymaker: John, I'm not sure that we -- that the core number -- I don't believe we broke out for the December quarter. I think what you heard us say was what core did for the third quarter. So I don't have a separate forecast for you going forward into the December quarter other than the consolidated forecast that we typically provide. Do you have a follow on?
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Well, I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of sort of the operating revenue incentive being Analog versus maybe the Baseband business, OMAP and connectivity. Is there any color you can give around the sequential expected growth relative to guidance for the December quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: Again, John, that's -- typically, what we tend to provide in guidance is the total revenue number. I think this quarter we -- well, probably what you were thinking about when you said core revenue was when we told you the difference that semis, what semis which we're in versus the total revenue because of the impact of calculators. But I don't have a more detailed breakout across wireless, analog or Embedded Processing. Do you have a follow on?
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Then quickly, just on the utilization front, do you think the December quarter is kind of at the bottom in utilization? And at what level are you bottoming here?
Ron Slaymaker: Kevin?
Kevin P. March: John, we do expect utilization to decline further in the fourth quarter from the third, just like third declining from the second. We don't have a forecast as to whether or not it declines further in first quarter. That's going to be more of a reflection of our outlook as to what the first and especially second quarter revenues might look like as it takes further lead time to build the material. So again, we do expect utilization to drop a few more points in the fourth quarter from the third, but we don't have a forecast beyond that.
Ron Slaymaker: But John, I think we even tried to explain back at mid-quarter that this is mostly a macro-driven downturn. Now any time customers reset their production levels, typically they'll also reset or rationalize their inventory levels to that new level of production. So what we have seen and what we believe we've seen is that the customers' own inventory reset is largely behind us. And at this point, our customers' production and therefore, our own shipments will track with basically in demand, which is more macro economically driven. So once we -- I think we have a reasonable view of fourth quarter, but once we go beyond that, it really ties to what the macro economy does and which way that tends to take in demand for our customers' product and therefore, how that would drive around. Okay, John.
Operator: We will go next to Glen Yeung of Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Do you guys have a sense as to whether or not you're actually under-shipping distributors sell-through, I suppose you would call it in Q4. And actually, in Q3, can you just give us a sense as to the relative softness between OEMs and disti?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. So Glen, in terms of Q3, basically we had sales out of our distribution channel down a couple of points, couple of percentage points compared with the third quarter. Yet against that, they were able to reduce their inventory levels, so I think you would translate that to say our shipments in were below their shipments out. Therefore, they were able to reduce the levels of their TI inventory. I'm sorry, you had another part of that question?
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, which is, how does the OEM business compare relative to distribution business?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. And again, we have less visibility into OEM other than where we have consignment programs, which is significant. That's probably -- OEM consignment programs probably represents 25% of our total revenue. And so we have good visibility there and absolutely we own the inventory. We keep it lean. We keep it high turning. For the -- about a 35% or so of our revenue that tends to be operated on traditional backlog and order entry systems, we have less visibility. That's really where I would say previously, our view of what we've seen. And we actually saw that in our revenue trends in the quarter is that customers because of the economic uncertainty, basically reset their own inventory, desired inventory levels. They accomplish that reset earlier in the first half of this quarter and then, we've seen revenue pick up somewhat as that inventory completion -- inventory reset has been completed. That's not saying they're off and running by any means in terms of their own production levels but their inventory reset of TI components, we think, is largely completed at this point. Do you have a follow-on, Glen?
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, I do. I couldn't help but notice in the list of phones that you gave with OMAP 4 that a lot of those sounded like they were phones someone else had in the Honeycomb generation of Android. And it sort of raises the question of stickiness of op processors, as we change generations of operating systems. So I wonder, if you can give us a sense of that, how sticky do you think OMAP 4 will be in Ice Cream Sandwich and then more importantly, how sticky do you think it will be in the next generation of Google operating system?
Kevin P. March: Glen, I don't want to imply any -- how would I say it? That we take any of these programs for granted. We have to win our business, and re-win our business everyday. But I would say the same time, for a lot of these customers, TI has been a long-term supplier of many products into their handsets. My own view, as I think Honeycomb was a bit of an anomaly especially on the tablet side because there was a race by many OEMs to have some type of demonstration product available at last year's Consumer Electronics show, and that drove at least what I would say was very visible as when from maybe another supplier. And as I would have described even back in last January, a lot of those same OEMs that were demonstrating platform space on another supplier at Consumer Electronics Show, we had active development programs underway at that same point in time with OMAP. So I think the difference is we are a supplier that they've had a history with. They're comfortable. They know we can support both their business terms, as well as the kind of volume production requirements that operationally these high-volume handsets require. So I think we're pretty confident in our position with these various players. But at that same time, we -- I think have proven over the years our ability to do a good job and re-winning that business every day that we're engaged with these customers.
Operator: And we will go next to Craig Ellis of Caris & Company.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Ron, you had mentioned you're seeing some signs of a cyclical bottoming and you mentioned a slowing in order deceleration activity in August and September. Are there other things that you're seeing out there that lend conviction that we are getting close to a bottom?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, I think just the fact I tried to identify 3 things: one was the order trends; the second one was that just in general, lead times are short, which in and of itself is not indicative of a bottom but usually exists at the bottom of the cycle; and then finally, just the fact that -- I'm going blank on my third one. Kevin, do you remember what it was?
Kevin P. March: We saw revenue profile shift to the third.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, there was a third, another one that I mentioned. But anyway, those were -- I'll find it here shortly. Just as I said before, inventories are lean, both at OEMs and distributors. And so again, we don't have additional depletion of inventory that needs to take place for growth to start to recover. So -- and again, that doesn't mean we're at a bottom because, again, we will be -- revenue will go down in the fourth quarter, especially if you compare on an apples-to-apples basis. But one thing I'll also note is that if you look at the delta to just seasonal, third quarter, we are about 7 points below our seasonal norm. And fourth quarter, if you take the middle of our range, we would also be about 7 points below the seasonal average. So one way of looking at that is that at least we're not to the extent we accomplish that midrange point in revenue for fourth quarter. We're kind of maybe caught bumping on the bottom as opposed to operating in an environment that is getting progressively worse. So we'll see how it lands, but that's our perspective. Do you have a follow-on, Craig?
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. I think TI has historically had a strong notebook peripheral power management position. So given all the flooding issues in Thailand, is there anything that TI is picking up that would leave you uncomfortable with build activity in the fourth quarter for that business?
Ron Slaymaker: Crag, I'm a little uncomfortable getting too far out of on the edge there because there certainly is a lot of uncertainty so -- and that's a rapidly changing situation, but I can walk you through some considerations. First is that TI does not have any facilities there. That being said, we do have some assembly test subcontractors, as well as a few components, select suppliers, for example. Some very specific lead time -- our lead frame suppliers. We do have some products that as a result are impacted. And to the best, we've been able to gauge our current assessment is that it would impact potentially about 1% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. We're working with the customers that are impacted, working with them on contingency plans. We're going to work through that. So this does not include any impact to the customers themselves, either customers that are operating in Thailand or customers that might have their own production plans changed because they're unable to get supply from other suppliers to have a more direct Thailand impact. So we're trying to work through all that. Just a note, we do have programs where customers -- and these are programs where maybe there are some second sourcing type of arrangements on high-volume programs, such as hard disk drives, where customers have contacted us, requesting us to pick up additional support for products that their other sourced semiconductor supplier might have been more impacted by Thailand from an assembly test perspective. And they're asking us for upside support. So again, we're working through all that. The best we can say, at least as it directly affects our production, is very minimal impact but we're still working with the customers to understand their end of it as well.
Operator: And we will go next to Vivek Arya of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Thanks for the transparency around National, that's very helpful. I'm trying to compare your Q4 guidance with the Q3 results. So if you exclude the onetime charges, we get $0.60 in pro forma EPS for Q3. And if we do the same for Q4, we get $0.47. So apples-to-apples, excluding charges, EPS is down over 20%. But you're guiding sale is down only I think 2% or so. So what's driving the much larger decline in pro forma EPS?
Kevin P. March: So among the things that we talked about sequentially, you got, as you point out, lower revenue. That's probably about $0.02 worth of the delta there. We're also expecting lower utilization. That's about $0.01 of the delta. We're expecting -- I mentioned to -- during my prepared remarks that the reduction in OpEx that we saw in the third quarter was due to some catchup adjustments for accruals on variable compensation. Those will not recur in the fourth quarter, and so that will cause our TI OpEx, if you want to go up by about $0.01. We also had a benefit in the third quarter from a lower tax rate from a catchup adjustment that was similar in the fourth quarter will be on a -- we don't expect a recurrence of that. That's about $0.02. And then finally, we'll have a full quarter's worth of National Semi's OpEx in our numbers and that's about $0.07 in transition. So when you run the math, that's how you get to the $0.47.
Ron Slaymaker: And again, that's from the $0.60 to the $0.47 in both cases where acquisition costs are excluded. Is that right, Kevin?
Kevin P. March: Correct.
Ron Slaymaker: And just, Vivek, to make sure I emphasize, when Kevin talked about the return of TI OpEx that had been reduced in third quarter, third quarter reduction in OpEx included 2 components basically. One was ongoing reduction, and then the second component basically was the catchup for the fact that we had been accruing compensation expense at a higher rate during the first half of the year. So the ongoing reduction will continue into the fourth quarter. It's just the catchup amount that doesn't recur that results in some sequential increase in fourth quarter and a very similar story on the tax reduction in fourth quarter and a slight increase then in third quarter -- I'm sorry, the fourth quarter. Do you have a follow-on, Vivek?
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, just one quick one. Your buyback appears to be holding up quite well. How do you look at that as we go through this softer macro period? Are you allocating a certain percentage or free cash flow to it or how are you strategically looking at buyback activity?
Kevin P. March: Yes, Vivek, there's a number of different elements to go into it. But as we had indicated when we announced the acquisition of National, we would moderate the amount that we spent on buybacks versus what you've seen us in prior periods, largely in preparation for beginning to set aside cash reserves to begin to repay debt as it comes due. For example, National Semiconductor debt that we acquired includes $375 million that's going to be due on June 15 of next year. So we'll need to set some cash aside through payback. And further going into 2013, of course, we'll have some of our own debt that we issued for the acquisition coming due and we'll begin to build cash for that. But all that being said, we did announce last month that our Board of Directors approved an increase in our dividend by about 30%, from $0.13 per share to $0.17 per share. That's effective this quarter. So that is part of how we're returning cash to our investors. And we'll continue to return cash in the form of buybacks albeit at a more moderate rate over the foreseeable future, as we shift to accumulate some cash for some of the maturity of the debt when it comes due.
Operator: And we will go next to Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First question would be just on margins and what are going to be the big drivers of the margin delta from quarter-to-quarter over the next several quarters? I understand your comments about fab utilization driving about $0.01 of the margin or utilization is driving $0.01 of the EPS decline in the fourth quarter. But what's going to be the most important going forward, mix versus fab utilization versus -- even for the next quarter, some of the expansion issues on the National inventory?
Kevin P. March: Yes, Jim, I think the biggest driver next quarter is going to be the market fair value of the inventory that we acquire from National Semiconductor. There's a -- basically, there's going to be almost $100 million worth of additional cost in cost to revenue that would normally not be there. And I think if you do the math on that, that probably falls through on an after-tax basis of somewhere around $0.055 to $0.06. So clearly, that's weighing us down until we get through that fair value kind of adjustment. As you already pointed out, we've also got lower utilization that will be weighing us down. Once the utilization and certainly once the fair value adjustment is behind us, we'll get a little bit of a lift just because that won't be recurring. In addition, as we begin to see the bottoming out that Ron mentioned and, ideally, the resumption of end demand on a more-than-growth vector, utilization starts being a benefit for us. But most importantly, on the longer term is with the acquisition of the National Semiconductor, Analog now amounts to almost half of our total revenue, from somewhere around the low 40% to 43%, 44% earlier in the year. So on a go-forward basis, 1/3 of that mix will help us. I'll remind folks on the phone that National's overall gross margins actually were higher than TI's prior to acquisition. So that alone will -- should help up the mix a little bit. But more importantly, the total mix of Analog revenue would become a bigger portion of TI's revenue as we go forward. And that alone will help us as we march on our long-term goal to 65% gross margins for the company.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, great. Do you have a follow-on, Jim?
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, kind of a follow-up, one A and B. I'll let you guys decide if you want to answer both or one. The first would be, I'm assuming that the expensing of the inventory is just a one quarter issue and you're going to get all that back then in the first quarter margins as we think about. And the second thing is, with the increase in margins you get from National as you referenced, is there any updates or when might we hear an update to the long-term margin model of the company?
Kevin P. March: What would you like? I think I want to take one A or one B, so maybe I'll just give you both. On the expensing, you are correct. That is a one quarter issue by our estimate. That should be essentially complete when we -- through the fourth quarter and should have that behind us as we enter the first quarter. As to increase in -- or just in the model for the company, we want to be able to consistently deliver up to 55% before we go off and start looking at a new model for the company. So we'll hold to the models that we've had for several years now, which is 55% gross and 30% operating is really what we're trying to design the company to operate at.
Operator: We will go next to Uche Orji of UBS.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Ron, can I just ask you real quick on connectivity and the Wireless business. So we have seen OMAP grew, baseband grew, but connectivity was down. Can you just talk about 2 things, one is what's causing that shift in connectivity vis--vis the rest? And also, how much more resilience shall we expect in the baseband business?
Ron Slaymaker: Could you -- how much more -- what was your last...
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, what is the outlook for the baseband business? Should we still contribute more of that to go down?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, okay. Connectivity is pretty straightforward. It will be a little bit awkward of a response for what will become obvious reasons, but our 2 largest connectivity customers currently are not doing as well in the marketplace as some of their peers. And as a result, TI's connectivity revenue has not held up as well as some of our other, as for example, the OMAP revenue. And keep in mind, there's also mix even within the customers. So for example, our connectivity product line tends to be very -- it tends to be centric around WiFi and combos that use WiFi or centered up on WiFi, and so again that tends to be the very highest end of the customers' product range. And while smartphones are doing well, overall, the mix within some of our customers has been stronger at the lower end where we don't supply connectivity versus the higher end where we are engaged. Okay? And then the outlook for baseband going forward is unchanged. And again, what we've seen this quarter is the kind of noise that we have told you to expect in baseband where during the first half of the year, we had some inventory reduction taking place at our customer. This quarter represents a bit of a snapback from that. So we've moved above, we call that, historical or the linear trend line. But the best guidance we can give you going forward is draw a straight line between third quarter of this year and first quarter of 2013 being zero. And that's a rough approximation of how we expect that revenue to trend. So again, we expect that it will be completed essentially by the end of 2012. And I don't know if that was one or 2 questions, Uche, but do you have a follow-on?
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Separately, can I just ask you about moving sort of the parts in the fourth quarter guidance so, obviously, x the contribution from National Semi? Are there very specific end markets where we didn't want to describe as bottoming process? Are there specific end markets where we are seeing stronger or weaker, as we look at Q4?
Ron Slaymaker: Uche, I think somebody else had taken a run at that and we -- as you're aware, we don't break out our revenue forecast by various end markets. I'm sure you'll have -- we'll have certain areas better than others, but we were not forecasting that. But again, keep in mind, the pressure that we're feeling on demand is economically driven. I'd say, maybe more so on the consumer side than on the enterprise side, but it's economically driven, which tends to weigh pretty much across the board. Just as in third quarter, things generally across the board were well below seasonal. We had the same kind of expectation going in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And we will go next to Shawn Webster of Macquarie.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: I was -- my first question is on the supply chain and inventories. Are there areas from your perspective that still seem lean? And on the other side, are there areas which seem like they need to digest in inventory?
Kevin P. March: Well, Shawn, I think, as Ron mentioned earlier, just as we look at certain supply tests we see where inventories are at, our distribution inventories, as Ron mentioned, were down about a day, still holding there at about 6 weeks. Our consigned inventories and our consignment customers continue to be very lean by definition because they pull only as they consume. That represents about 2/3 of channel that we can see. The other 1/3, which is more classic direct sales to OEMs, we don't really have great visibility there but we also don't have a lot of concern there, given that, broadly speaking, we actually came out of third quarter a little bit higher than we expected versus the mid-quarter update. And that was from a variety of customers actually material a little bit more than we expected in the quarter. So that -- those signals all tell us that the inventory is probably at pretty good shape across the entire -- our customer base and where we supply at.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Shawn?
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Yes, I do. So on -- in terms of other income, is there any guidance there? And then also, can you update us on the capacity of your 300-millimeter and expansion plans?
Kevin P. March: On the other income, Shawn, I think that the main thing that you saw in the second quarter -- third quarter, excuse me, was interest expense of about $15 million. That was an all-in quarter for the debt that TI now holds and will hold for a couple of years. Fourth quarter will be a little bit higher. It will be about $22 million, and that will be adding in the debt that we assumed with the acquisition of National Semiconductor. So that's probably the main change I'd point you to on the other income and expense. As to the Miho fab, we have, as you know, been ramping that factory for some time now, especially step up the ramp pace when the earthquake happened in Miho as Miho holds a lot of products. We continue to ramp product into that factory. The total capacity for what we've purchased equipment forward would generate about -- when it's all loaded, as we indicated, up to $2 billion worth of revenue out of that factory. We're considerably below that today as we continue to ramp.
Ron Slaymaker: In fact, I think our current levels were running about 20% of that capacity level. The other point I need to make is the $2 billion that Kevin references is equipment that we have purchased and in-house today, which, as you're aware, Shawn, only represents about half of the floor space inside of that fab. So we have lots of room for expansion, but we also have plenty of equipment already on the floor that we're ramping into. So again, 20%, lots of room to grow just even within the equipment we purchased, but lots of floor space beyond that.
Operator: And we will go next to C.J. Muse of Barclays.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, first question, in terms of your comments on seeing stabilization, I was curious if you're seeing that across the board or specific to any certain end markets?
Kevin P. March: C.J., I guess we'd say that the size of stabilization were more a question of if we're seeing a bottoming process beginning to fall and not so much stabilizing, as evidenced by the fact that we still expect our revenues to be down next quarter. So again, it's more important just to note that what we were seeing through our order patterns, through our lead times and through overall inventories, that we'll begin to see the bottom of this demand decline begin to shape or form a bottom, although it's not there yet because, again, we expect fourth quarter just to go on.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, C.J., do you have a follow-on?
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, as a quick follow-up, just to revisit gross margins. If I look at the OpEx guiding in that $22 million other income -- or other expense, rather, it looks like you're guiding gross margins roughly flat. And so I guess, a, is that correct? And then, b, once we get through selling of the inventory without margins, should we be thinking, we get immediately back up to another 100, 150 bps higher on the gross margin side even without a pickup in utilization? How should we think about that?
Kevin P. March: C.J., I'm not really sure how you're building your gross margin assumption in your model. I would point out that there is about $100 million in cost to revenue in the fourth quarter that will depress our gross margins on a GAAP basis quarter-over-quarter. In addition, we expect lower utilizations would be another more pressure on gross margin from that standpoint. If you're extracting that $100 million, then maybe that's where you're getting your gross margins to be roughly flat quarter-over-quarter. So I'm not really sure what your assumption is there, but I would want to point out those 2 items I just mentioned.
Ron Slaymaker: Right. So $100 million, C.J., as you probably alluded already, will be about -- or 300 basis points approximately pressure in the fourth quarter. That will be completely gone in the first quarter. So there may be other things that come about in first quarter, of course. But that inventory, the expensing of the inventory write up is a fourth quarter effect only and then, it will be cleaned out by the time we get into first quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Danely of J.P. Morgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On the National acquisition, I think you threw out a target of $100 million in cost savings. Do you still feel confident in that target and anything that's surprised you on the upside or the downside with the acquisition so far in the integration?
Kevin P. March: Chris, on the $100 million cost savings, that -- we still hold to that forecast. And just to remind the other listeners on the phone, what we were talking about there is that by the end of the first year after acquisitions, so that will probably be in the fourth quarter of next year, we'd expect to have enough of the redundant cost removed, that we would see about $100 million of annualized cost savings or about $25 million a quarter starting about a year from now. And we still expect that to be a reasonable forecast for planning purposes. As to any surprises on the upside or downside, I'd say it's probably just a little too early for us to really find any of those yet. We've been pretty focused here on -- Gregg and the management team getting out and visiting with customers on the world tour, and focused on updating our online systems and our marketing material to be able to make this a seamless appearance to our customers and that there's one place to go that has all 42,000-plus analog parts in it. And we've also been focusing on the beginning steps of the overall integration of our systems and methodology. So not enough time yet to really have pluses or minus beyond that we can talk about.
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, I will add that we -- I mean, of course, this acquisition is hugely important to TI. And as a result, we understand it's also really important to our investors. So you will see ongoing progress updates and lots of details from TI in terms of our progress there. So stay tuned, you'll see them as we get them. Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, I guess, one more, a more broad-based question on National. So now you've had a chance to at least take a look at it, peek under the covers, kimono or whatever you want to call it, what do you guys think are the 2 or 3 keys to sort of turning around the share loss there? And what sort of landmarks can we look at? Is there any sort of time frame there?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, Kevin, what did you find as you looked under the hood?
Kevin P. March: Well, I think probably the encouraging thing that we found early on is certainly from Gregg's tour with his managers. The reception that we've gotten from those in our distribution channel, and importantly from our customers, has been extremely encouraging. The sound bite that I keep gravitating to or hearing, if you will, is that customers really, really like National's parts. And we're glad that they can now comfortably and safely design them back in to their future products. We actually find that very encouraging. Beyond that, we clearly have some challenges in front of us also, which is making sure that we are able to integrate the companies from an overall process standpoint to be sure that our systems integrate properly and we don't wind up the blind spots and holes and so on, which are always challenges when you make an integration of this size.
Ron Slaymaker: And Chris, I think it's been pretty exciting for some of the National management that have been out on this world tour as well because what they -- I mean, they're finding a reception as part of TI that they haven't been used to for a while. And so I think there is a refreshing upside that they're seeing that makes them pretty excited to be part of TI as well.
Operator: We will go next to Romit Shah of Nomura.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Ron, just want to confirm that my math is correct. National add about the $300 million to revenue in Q4 and it will be about -- I guess, excluding acquisition charges, about $0.02 dilutive to EPS. Am I in the ballpark?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, Kevin is thinking about the EPS. I can confirm you're in the ballpark, the $300 million of Q4 revenue.
Kevin P. March: Yes. And Romit, it will add some to EPS on a pro-forma basis. But we need to be careful on a GAAP basis because -- in fact, we will have an increased acquisition-related charge that I mentioned, $160 million of acquisition cost plus $100 million of the fair value markup of their inventory that will go to cost to goods sold.
Ron Slaymaker: Right. So the amount that goes through, that will be reported as part of our Analog segment, which is more of the ongoing operations will be profitable. You're probably not too far off in terms of your estimate there, Romit. But again, that's exclusive of all acquisition-related charges. Okay, do you have a follow-on, Romit?
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Yes. I saw that you reiterated your CapEx guidance for the year. Can you just share with us your thoughts about that going forward into 2012 and how you're managing headcount in this environment?
Kevin P. March: Yes, Romit, the CapEx, we haven't given a 2012 forecast just yet. But I would remind you that we did take advantage of the downturn and acquired substantial capacity, especially in the more expensive wafer fab side of the CapEx build during the last 18 months or so, which implicitly means that our need to spend money on that portion of capital should be lower than normal for the next couple of years. Beyond that, we'll continue to spend, of course, on our -- some of the test operations. Our model is 5% to 8% under the CapEx spend. And the fact, if you take a look over the last 12 months, we've actually spent about 7% of revenue on CapEx, with depreciation running at about 6.5% of revenue. So consistent with where we've been, I'd expect those kind of factors to apply going forward. As to staffing, we do continue to hire people, certainly, on a selective basis in the areas where we expect to grow, and those would be in Analog and Embedded Processing, as well as in field app engineers and talented salespeople.
Ron Slaymaker: And just that don't remember -- please remember, we just hired over 5,000 new TI employees.
Operator: That will come from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: One clarification really quickly, the $0.47 midpoint of the pro forma guide, that excludes that inventory writeup on the National side. So if we x that out off the fourth quarter, you don't have to worry about it in the first quarter reversing itself, is that correct?
Kevin P. March: Correct.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then I guess a bigger picture question, what's your assumption for just the inventory levels in the fourth quarter? Is your guidance assuming that the inventory gets burned further, stays the same, rises, et cetera?
Ron Slaymaker: Ross, we don't intend to provide a lot of breakout there. But let me just say, TI's distribution inventory is very consistent with where it has been historically. So I don't anticipate that you're going to see a big change there. And again, that's at -- I think we're just over 6 weeks at the current level. And again, we went down a day even in the third quarter. The one thing I would say is that with National, there's just adjustments going on with distribution in general there. So there can be some slight realignment. I think they finished third quarter or what we had in the channel there when we completed the third quarter was about 10 weeks of inventory. And historically, they tend to run, I think, 9 to 10 weeks. And then you'll see, over time, further adjustments there as we implement consignment programs with distribution and those types of value-add programs. But again, that will be over the course of time and literally, that will be years as we implement that. Did you have a follow-on, Ross?
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, just really quick, the $100 million in synergies that you guys plan on with National. Any shot at how much of that comes on the OpEx lines rather than the COGS line?
Kevin P. March: Virtually, all of it will come on OpEx, Ross.
Ron Slaymaker: To all of you, thanks for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-25 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin March - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Ron Slaymaker - IR
Analysts: James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank Cody Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc. Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments' Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the Web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web.  This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the safe harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our midquarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for September 8. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update.  In today's call, in addition to our review of the second quarter's financial results, we'll describe the current demand environment and our perspective of how it is developing as we move into the second half of the year. We'll also update you on the status of our recovery efforts in Japan, as well as the status of our acquisition of National Semiconductor.  I'll start with the demand environment. As a reminder, in April, we said that the impact in the second quarter from the events in Japan would be greater than in the first quarter, considering that we would be operating with only partial output at our factories there; that our Japanese customers were still in the early stages of restarting their own factories; and that we and our customers could face potential supply-chain disruptions. We also said that we believe the underlying demand was strong.  In light of the anticipated Japan impact, the middle of our second quarter revenue guidance range that we provided in April was about half the seasonal average for our second quarter. In fact, the quarter developed largely as we had expected. With the exception of weaker demand from a single large wireless customer, our quarter progressed a little better than the midpoint of our initial expectations. You will recall that we adjusted our guidance downward at our scheduled June update in response to the weaker demand from that customer. Otherwise, we had a lot of positive demand signals in the quarter. These included an increase on our total backlog during the second quarter. Our best book-to-bill ratio was 1.04. Also, in Asia, where more than half our business is done, distributor resales grew 10% in the quarter. Finally, the situation in Japan is getting better. Not only do we have our own factories back in production, demand from our Japan customers is increasing.  Against this positive backdrop, however, we also see some signs that are less encouraging. For example, we believe that computing and some parts of the Consumer Electronics market may not show this typical strength that we might otherwise expect, heading into the back-to-school and holiday periods. So, as a result of this increased uncertainty, we're preparing for a wider range of growth possibilities as we move into the second half. In the third quarter, we're planning for modest sequential growth. However, we'll keep our operations and inventory stage to support higher demand if it develops. This is an environment where we simply need to stay flexible to adjust to whatever develops.  Turning to our second quarter's results, TI revenue of $3.46 billion was about even with a year ago and grew 2% sequentially. Revenue from our core businesses increased 8% from a year ago and grew 5% sequentially. In total, our core revenue was 73% of total revenue in the quarter, up from 67% a year ago and 71% in the prior quarter. The breakout of our core revenue results includes Analog, up 5% from a year ago and up 3% sequentially. We believe we gained share this quarter in Analog.  Embedded Processing grew 16% from a year ago and increased 12% sequentially. We believe we gained share this quarter in Embedded Processing. Wireless OMAP and connectivity revenue collectively increased 6% from a year ago and increased 2% sequentially. Noncore revenue declined 18% from a year ago and declined 6% sequentially. This was mostly affected by wireless basebands, where revenue fell 45% from a year ago and declined 32% sequentially to $228 million. Baseband revenue fell to below 7% of TI revenue in the quarter, down from 12% a year ago and 10% last quarter.  Turning to our segments, the most significant drivers of Analog growth in both comparisons have been the catalog product areas, including both Power Management and high-performance Analog. These areas benefit from the scale advantage of TI's large field sales and application force, especially in the fastest-growing regions of the world. These are also areas where our product portfolio will be significantly enhanced by the addition of National Semiconductor's strong catalog product offerings later this year when we close that acquisition. High-Volume Analog and Logic or HVAL revenue was about even in both comparisons, as it was impacted by the earthquake damage at our Miho factory in Japan.  The biggest factor in Embedded Processing revenue growth in both comparisons is communications infrastructure, where we continue to benefit from deployments in North America of 3G systems as carriers attempt to keep up with increasing amounts of data traffic associated with higher usage of smartphones and tablets. From a year ago, we also had strong automotive demand, although this slowed significantly on a sequential basis. Demand for our catalog products remained robust in the quarter, growing at double-digit levels on a sequential basis as we continue to take share across a range of microcontroller and DSP markets.  Our Wireless segment revenue overall reflected a sharp decline in Baseband revenue. As we said in June, weaker demand from the same large customer that drove down our Baseband revenue in the quarter also affected the Core Wireless product lines. Fortunately, these products have a more diverse customer base and we were able to grow this core revenue despite the declines of that customer. In our Other segment, the revenue decline from year ago was primarily due to lower revenue from DLP products, lower royalties and the sale of a cable modem product line in the fourth quarter or 2010. Sequentially, the increase in revenue was due to higher seasonal calculator revenue, which was partially offset by lower revenue from DLP products. DLP revenue was impacted in both comparisons by lost production last quarter due to the earthquake damage to our Miho factory in Japan. When evaluating this segment's profit, please note that we are including earthquake-related costs of about $50 million and our National Semiconductor acquisition-related cost of $13 million in this segment this quarter.  Turning to distribution, resales grew 2% sequentially. As one would expect, resales declined at a double-digit rate in Japan. Resales grew at a double-digit rate in Asia. The Americas were about flat and Europe was down single digits. Distributor inventory levels were essentially unchanged on a days basis. At just over 6 weeks, distributor inventory is consistent with historical levels and we believe remains appropriate. Now, Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me start by providing an update on our recovery operations in Japan. The good news is that our production loadings were nearly back to full capacity by the middle of June. This recovery was ahead of our plan, thanks to a lot of hard work by our TI teams in Japan and across the world. The Hiji factory recovered first and has been in production for most of the second quarter. Our Miho factory, the one that was more severely damaged, was shut down during the first half of April and ramped steadily through May and the first part of June.  As we've noted before, this is based on production loadings or wafer starts and there are a few months of lag between when we started wafer and when those products are shipped to our customers for revenue due to the manufacturing cycle time. As a result, our shipments and revenue in the third quarter will continue to have some impact from this lost production, although to a lesser extent. Our earthquake-related costs were about $50 million, net of proceeds from ongoing insurance claims.  Almost all of these costs were included in cost of revenue and as Ron noted, were included in our Other segment. This includes costs, such as the underutilization expense we incurred from having our manufacturing assets only partially loaded, the recovery teams that we'd assembled from across the world, as well as other one-time costs. As a reminder, in the first quarter, these costs totaled about $30 million.  So turning to our financial results, gross profit in the quarter increased $25 million sequentially. The profit contribution from higher revenue was partially offset by lower factory utilization levels and higher earthquake-related costs. The combination of R&D and SG&A increased 2% or $17 million from the first quarter. Most of this increase is from continued investment in our field sales and applications engineering force in emerging markets such as China.  We have adjusted our estimates at TI's annual effective tax rate for 2011 to 27% due to lower expected taxable income. Net income in the first quarter was $672 million or $0.56 per share. Again, in the EPS calculation, please note that accounting rules require that we allocate a portion of net income to any unvested restricted stock units in which we pay dividend equivalents. In the second quarter, the amount of net income included from the EPS -- excluded from the EPS calculation was $10 million. If you don't make this adjustment, you will likely calculate EPS to be $0.01 higher than we have reported. I'll leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release. However, let me make just a few comments. Cash flow from operations was $631 million. This is up $115 million from last quarter, mostly reflecting the payment of accrued annual profit sharing and performance bonuses in the first quarter.  Capital expenditures were $276 million in the quarter, up from $194 million in the first quarter and were mostly attributable to additions to our assembly and test capacity. We used $452 million in the quarter to repurchase 13 million shares of TI common stock and pay dividends of $150 million. We increased our inventory by $84 million in the quarter. Although some of this resulted from weaker demand by a wireless customer in the quarter, most was planned and primarily due to the company building inventory to help support high customer service levels and to continue alternate factory sourcing for parts that were affected by the Japan earthquake.  Although alternate sourcing provided minimal revenue benefit in the second quarter due to manufacturing cycle times, this work will provide TI greater flexibility in future quarters and provide our customers greater assurance, supply and continuity. Orders of $3.60 billion in the quarter were about even sequentially. TI's book-to-bill ratio was 1.04 in the quarter compared with 1.06 in the first quarter.  Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.40 billion to $3.70 billion in the third quarter or down 2% to up 7% sequentially. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.55 to $0.65. Our EPS estimate assumes about $0.01 impact from continued earthquake-related costs in the third quarter. Our estimates for 2011 R&D, capital expenditures and depreciation are unchanged.  Before we turn to Q&A, let me provide a short update on our status with the National Semiconductor acquisition. At this point, we have completed all of the required antitrust reviews, with the exception of China. We expected China's review to be the last to complete and have not encountered any specific obstacles there. We continue to expect to have the acquisition closed by the end of this year. As some of you undoubtedly have noted, during the second quarter, we issued $3.5 billion of debt in association with this acquisition, with maturities ranging from 2 to 5 years. The average related annual interest rate is about 1.6% per year, including issuance costs.  Earlier this month, we issued commercial paper for $1.2 billion at an annual interest rate below 0.19%, including issuance costs. Combined, this means that we will be incurring debt expense of about $15 million per quarter until we get the National acquisition closed. At that point, we'll update you with new debt expense guidance, as we'll also be paying interest on National's debt. With these transactions and our cash on hand, we have our finances completely in order to close the transaction once we receive antitrust clearance from China.  In summary, our commitment and progress to becoming a company focused on Analog and Embedded Processing should be clear to all. We have strong positions in both and are committed to making them considerably stronger. Both markets offer us an opportunity for long-term growth, while providing solid returns on our investments. In the near term, there is some uncertainty in our markets. Certain macroeconomic and market signals are indicating early signs of below seasonal growth as we enter the second half of the year, yet our business fundamentals have remained strong. During this period, we will remain especially diligent, while also being prepared operationally of our customer demand affect us. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. [Operator instructions] Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Christopher Danely with J.P. Morgan.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Kevin or Ron, if you can just give us your rundown on -- for various end markets, is it just PC and consumer that's a little weak or is there anything else that's a little weaker or stronger than seasonal for Q3?
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, I would say it's -- the areas that we've noted below seasonality. And again, this is from input from a few of our larger customers, and I would say most of them tend to be Asian-based, are limited to computing and again, some of the consumer markets. And when I say some of the consumer markets, specifically, I would note televisions, and maybe some of the gaming areas where we've seen some -- and again, when I say softness, it's not necessarily relative to second quarter, but we just haven't really seen the pick up that we might otherwise expect coming into a stronger second half. If I could kind of walk through some of the other areas, I'll let you know. I'll touch on automotive. Automotive, although actually was up sequentially for TI, but I would describe the gain is slight. So it wasn't a decline, and I think that reflects probably what we're seeing in the broader automotive market, where I think for example, in the U.S., we're seeing weaker than expected sales. I believe June was the second consecutive month of weaker sales, really tying more to the overall economy, probably in consumer spending, as well as possibly just to the tight supply of cars due to supply chain issues coming out of Japan. Handsets, the part we're focused on being smartphones, continues to do well. I think we'll see where the year lands but at least coming at this point, something like 50% growth compared to last year, and we have a good position there with connectivity and with our own map and a position that is only getting stronger, especially on the OMAP front as we move forward. While I'm on that communications side, wireless infrastructure, I really just reiterate what I said in the prepared remarks. Most of what has been driving us in first half is basically data capacity expansion in North America. There's growth in Europe as well, but I would describe that growth as at a slower rate. China and India have not really been big drivers, thus far this year, but we expect 3G rollouts in those countries to drive better growth in second half. So again, mostly North America first half. Industrial, I guess I would describe it steady. Look at the catalog areas, both on what we -- our comments that we had about high-performance Analog and power Analog. And I then would say also look at the comments we made on -- in catalog, embedded processing products. A lot of those type catalog devices tied to that broader industrial markets and I would say, very steady results so far. So I think that's probably a pretty broad sweep. Do you have a follow on, Chris?
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: One last question on your own inventory. I think inventory days remain in the low 90s. How do you guys feel about that level of inventory days, specially considering what usually happens in Q4? And then what would be your utilization rate forecast for this quarter?
Kevin March: Chris, on the inventory, if you take a look on the balance sheet, and look at the mix of inventory, you'll actually see that our working process was up more than normal. So it's partly our raw materials up more than normal, and that was really a function of making sure that we procured enough raw materials, post-Japan earthquake, so that we wouldn't have material shortage in our factories. In addition, you'll see that our finished goods are up some. Part of that is the seasonality, due to the calculator back-to-school sales, and a little bit of that is the plan to build inside semiconductor products. But really, the work in process is where you see most of the build up and to a large extent, that's not only a plan to build to get ourselves back to customer service levels that we've been trying to achieve now for probably last 1.5 years, but that's also the result of bringing up our new factories and dual calling parts that were in the Miho factory that was damaged last quarter with the earthquake. So you get multiple effects going on driving inventory up. Because of the inventory stage that we actually feel quite good about, if the third quarter wants to turn out to be a little stronger than the current signal suggests to us, we're well staged to be able to meet that growth that customers actually need product sooner. The inventory for fourth quarter, we'll talk about in 90 days, when we get out of this quarter and see what happens at that point in time. As with utilization, I'll just comment that utilization was down a little bit in the prior quarter. In the second quarter versus prior quarter, and that was really a function of -- we do start adjusting loadings in first quarter, and that continued through second quarter. But at the same time, we also have underutilized capacity as we've talked about in the Japanese factories that were damaged. So together, those have cost utilizations to be down.
Operator: We'll go next to Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: It sounds like by the way you've given the guidance and visibility is certainly low. So I wondered if you look at where potentially, you could see upside, because it sounds like just from a prepared commentary, that's maybe how you're thinking about it. Where would you think that's possible if at all? And then as part of answering that, you also say you want to stay flexible. I recognize inventory maybe part of that, but what else is involved in staying flexible for your customers?
Kevin March: Glen, I would say on the upside, will probably be exactly those 2 areas where Ron had suggested that where we're seeing some softness or some lackluster growth forecast from our customers. That will be in the computing space, and in the consumer space, and with the TV and some of the gaming areas that we're looking at, it's also not out of the question that as these component shortages finally clear themselves up in the automotive space, that you may see a resumption of demand in that area as well. From an upside standpoint, I've already discussed the inventory profile. But at the same time, we're also just managing, not just the inventory that we have, but our overall factory loads and our overall spending plans as we go into the second half of the year. Just to be sure that we don't have spending getting up in front of our revenue growth.
Ron Slaymaker: And Glen, one thing I would comment just from the factory loads, and we've talked about this for some time, but maybe one positive consideration that came out of Japan was the fact that we're now getting more of our parts qualified in more factories, which just gives us more degrees of freedom when demand wants to upside, we're not limited to a particular factory and how much headroom we might have in that one factory. We have more opportunity at more factories. And in this case, with 3 of the factories being new factories, clearly we have a lot of headroom for upside to support there as needed. Do you have a follow on question?
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: I do. Kind of switching gears, thinking about the opportunity in PCs that you see for OMAP, I wonder if you can give us a sense as to how important you think that opportunity is? And maybe put it in these terms, if you only had that opportunity for OMAP, just that PC opportunity, do you think it will be substantial enough for you to continue to work on OMAP going forward?
Kevin March: Boy, Glenn, that's a tough question to answer because we don't even envision that at all. I mean, clearly mobile is our priority with OMAP. We are highly focused on the smartphone space and the tablet space and frankly, we're probably not pursuing as aggressively in just the idea of OMAP somehow or ARM trying to work its way into a standard PC. Probably the opportunity we would view would be more just to the degree that tablets cannibalize into the lower end of the PC space or into the netbook space. Clearly, that's opportunity for OMAP. But that is such a significant opportunity for us and one where we are -- to some degree in the driver seat from the standpoint of the penetration that we have and the value proposition that we have with OMAP, and then probably in our mind, makes a lot more sense for us to focus on that than to go try to penetrate a mature market, such as the PC with OMAP. So I realize that probably wasn't as direct of an answer as you would've liked, but it really reflects our priority, which continues to be smartphones and tablets. And then, we are pushing OMAP into other spaces, such as eReaders, GPS devices, things like that but those certainly probably would be a higher priority for us than chasing down the traditional, more mature PC market.
Operator: We'll go next to Cody Acree with Williams Financial.
Cody Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc.: Ron, maybe you can talk a little bit about linearity in the quarter. I guess what's really changed or has there been a significant amount of change since the June update? I guess when did you start to see the issues in computing and consumer?
Ron Slaymaker: So if we look at linearity, actually the quarter was, from an order standpoint, highly linear. Each month really, probably within plus or minus of a point was linear in the quarter. Revenue built sequentially as we moved to the quarter, but orders were highly linear. Now, what I don't know Cody, off the top of my head is, what is the typical linearity for orders in the second quarter. I think what changed, and I'll let Kevin make some macro-related comments that he would like, but more bottoms up is, we just started in the dialogue with customers in computing. And as I said in some of these consumer spaces, they just didn't come in with the kind of new order ramp for really looking into third quarter that we might otherwise have expected. Kevin, do you have any more macro-related comments?
Kevin March: Yes, I think that what's change in that area has really been a lot of the headlines that we're seeing with European and U.S. debt issues, and that's causing some of our larger customers to be making in the computer and consumer space, do have concern and that may cause anxiety among consumers and dampen demand. So that's a bit of a change from what we saw 30 days ago or even 45 days ago, and really, it's just a reaction to a lot of unfavorable headlines as it relates to the debt and what that may mean to domestic demand in both Europe and the U.S.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Cody?
Cody Acree - Williams Financial Group, Inc.: Sure Ron, what is your confidence then that what we're seeing in consumer and computing isn't really a leading indicator of weakness, it starts to become more systemic through all the other segment?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, I think, and again, we just haven't -- we haven't seen signs of it elsewhere to the degree that it's macro and wants to spread. I don't think we have any direct visibility into that, but we certainly have not seen signs of that to this point. So what we're seeing signs of again is not weakening, it's not -- it's just not the typical turnout that you might expect seasonally in some of those other areas.
Operator: We'll go next to John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: Ron, I guess my first question, what drove the strength in the distribution Asia resell? And I guess my question is, are you seeing sort of softness in computing consumer this quarter because there was an inventory build of TI's specifics parts in the June quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: That's an interesting question, John. I don't know we have perfect visibility. When we look at the TI component inventory out there, we really maybe looking at it in 3 different buckets. One is what we have at distribution. Distribution now, of course about 40% of our revenue. You heard me say we're just at over 6 weeks of inventory, which feels very appropriate. So we'd say distribution inventory is fine. The next bucket would be OEMs where we have consignment programs. And by definition, that's fine because we're managing that inventory, we keep it lean, we keep it fast turning. And if you put distribution plus consignment together, you end up a little north of 2/3 of TI's total revenue. So for more than 2/3 of our revenue, we have good visibility, and we feel good about the inventory levels that are out there. For the remaining 1/3 of our business, I would describe -- we don't have direct visibility, but at the same time, we're not aware that there are significant inventory issues out there. So we feel in general pretty good about inventory but your point is your question is a good one, which is once something moves past our distributor and is into their customers, we lose direct visibility, and we don't really know what the inventory trends are out there. But again, we're not aware of any specific inventory issues. Do you have a follow-on, John?
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: Follow-on for Kevin, just around profitability. Kevin, how do I think specifically about gross margins in the September quarter. For me to kind of get to the low end of the EPS range, I've got to take a pretty healthy hit to gross margin. And conversely, despite the weaker revenue outlook, you haven't cut R&D outlook. I'm kind of curious as to why and what would you need to see to actually address the R&D outlook down?
Kevin March: So John, on the gross margin, I'm not sure how you're building your model there, but I would remind you that in the second quarter, we had about $50 million of net cost attributable to the earthquake in Japan. And almost all of that cost went against the gross margin line. Next quarter, we indicated we probably got about another $0.01 worth of cost that we expect in the third quarter, and again, that will go against the gross margin line. So I'm not really quite sure how you're building your model that'll be driving the gross margins down. In fact, seems it would go a little bit different just for no other reason, we don't have the same kind of overhang on that earthquake cost that we did this quarter. As to the R&D spend, R&D really a -- these are long-term kind of spend. These aren't the sort of things that you tend to swing around too much in the short term. And so as you've watched us for a lot of years now, when we set our R&D spend budget for the year, we rarely fluctuate much more than $100,000 plus or minus around that budget from the -- $100 million, excuse me, plus or minus around that budget that we set at the beginning of the year. And that's really because the whole intention of R&D is you're spending not for this year's revenue and sometimes, not even for next year's revenue but for revenue beyond that. So I would not anticipate making changes to this year's forecast for R&D. We'd have to see something of a similar drama that we saw coming out of '08 into early '09 for us to really change our spend plan on that front.
Ron Slaymaker: You don't see that on the horizon, right Kevin?
Kevin March: I do not.
Operator: We'll go next to Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Securities.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Ron, you mentioned that there was some impact on OMAP in Nokia being weak. I'm just curious if you look at the OMAP and connect it with your business, what percent of that is still Nokia and how should we think about it going forward?
Ron Slaymaker: Srini, I don't have -- I can't tell you what percent of OMAP or connectivity is, as any particular customer. But just to reiterate what we said previously, is that our OMAP and connectivity customer base is much broader than our baseband customer base, where to a large part, we were building that product for a single customer. So we feel good about the diversity of that revenue and frankly, it's getting even more diverse, as we, especially in the OMAP space have a lot of new design wins that are basically in the pipeline of moving from development into production let's say over the course of the next year. So again, it's a more diverse customer base, but I can't break it out any finer for you than that. Do you have follow-ups, Srini?
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Yes, Ron. And you classified about 27% of your sales as non-core. We obviously know what's going to happen to the Baseband business going forward, but just curious as to what's your strategic plan sort of for the remaining 20% of the non-core business?
Kevin March: That strain of the restaurant business is made up of a variety of products. For example, our calculator business is in there. That enjoys great market share, especially in the North American education market, and that's a market that will continue to grow, although probably at very low single-digit kind of growth rates. Our DLP business is in that area and that also continues to do very well in some projection and has some very interesting emerging growth opportunities, particularly in Pico projectors and other types of applications of that nature. Our royalties are also in there. We don't normally expect much growth in that area. We have some other business. Our custom ASIC is in that area. That would characterize it as kind of very slow growth sort of area. And there's a few other miscellaneous types of things. Overall, if we look at the noncore products area minus baseband, because we've already talked Baseband will run its way to 0 by the end of 2012, but minus baseband, the remainder we're expecting to probably grow in the total 12.2% kind of range. Again over the years into the future.
Operator: We'll go next to Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Maybe Ron, let me re-approach the OMAP question again. I think it was a few quarters ago when you had talked about running out products and being able to come back and retake share. Obviously, we're not seeing that this quarter. Can you talk about what the outlook is for that business? Especially now that 4460 has been launched, that is probably one of the fastest performing product in this category right now? What is your sense as to the design pipeline and how should we think about growth for the apps processor business?
Ron Slaymaker: Uche, I think we feel really pretty optimistic about the outlook for growth in OMAP. We are doing very well with a range of different customers and a range of different products. I think we've told you before that in the case of OMAP 3, we had something like 50, more than 50 actually, different OMAP 3-based handsets in the market, and that was a handset count I think at the end of 2010. And what I can say is with OMAP 4, our designing rate has been even higher, and in fact, higher than any prior OMAP generation. So there are few customers that we publicly talk about because they have publicly announced their products in the tablet space that would be RIM with PlayBook. In the smartphone space, the LG Optimus 3D product is OMAP 4 based. We've also launched OMAP 5 in February of this year. So again, we have a great pipeline of products and product technology. But even more importantly, we have a great pipeline of design wins in the smartphone and the tablet space. And then as I said previously, that we will watch them develop over time by areas like eReaders, GPS, personal navigation systems, things like that, find OMAP to be just a great type of media process or application processor for their space as well. So we think it has a good growth outlook from revenue standpoint and we're certainly investing accordingly. Do you have a follow-on, Uche?
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: A slightly different question on the wireless -- with the comm infrastructure in China. Any comments you can make as to the rollout in the second half of the year, not just China but just in general? And also, as you're jump in for position with the PLD guys, your ASIC business versus PLD, what is your sense as to who's winning that contest right now? I mean but your last this day, you kind of talked about how your ASIC business will probably come back into that space. So any comments around the possible rollout in the second half, specifically on China? And then the ASIC business outlook.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, so I would say in terms of China and India, probably don't have a lot more granularity to provide other than what I have, which is just that we expect them to drive incremental growth in second half of this year. So we are well-positioned in those markets as we are just in comps and infrastructure-based station equipment across the world. So as those systems deploy in those regions, we will clearly be a participant. Our question of PLD versus ASIC, there's actually a step beyond both of those, which is system-on-a-chip, where we take the functionality that historically would've been in the standalone ASIC or a standalone FPGA type of device, and basically, integrate it onto our DSP for a much more optimized system. And I think when you start thinking about base stations and TI's content participation going forward, think more system-on-a-chip. So for example, 4G-related -- 4G type of systems, we already have system-on-a-chip for these systems, and that will mean that our content will be higher and frankly, our content will ramp earlier to the higher level than what it might have historically. But again, we have a great position DSPs and now, surrounding that DSP in a single chip implementation, the logic that gives us more of a system-on-a-chip functionality.
Operator: We'll go next to Tore Svanberg with Stifel Nicolaus.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So looks like the Baseband business was sort of the main delta in the June quarter. So how should we think about that business now in the September quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: Tore, probably the best I can say is what you've heard us say before, which is kind of take the $228 million we were at in the second quarter and straight line it down in a linear fashion to 0 by the time you get to the first quarter '13, we realize you're going to have quarters that are above that, quarters that are below that but really, that's probably the best forecasting approach we can provide you. Do you have a follow-on, Tore?
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's fair. My second question is on linearity, maybe not as much bookings last quarter but just trying to understand how bookings have fared so far in this quarter, are we off to a fairly normal start?
Ron Slaymaker: I would say it's similar to -- it reflects the environment that we described for you and the outlook that we have provided. So in other words, we have not seen in the first 3 weeks of July, a big ramp in orders that would be reflective of a strong back-to-school or holiday season and consumer or in computing, but it's kind of that more lukewarm type of signal that we previously described for you.
Operator: We will go next to Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Can you tell me, give me some feeling for how much lost production for Miho in Q3 might be baked into your guidance? And do you feel like how that fab been completely online and running, could you have sold everything that you ordinarily would've been making out of it?
Kevin March: Stacy, I would say that the lost production in this quarter is about -- as we've talked about, about $0.01 worth of earnings.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Is that loss production or that's cost?
Kevin March: Pardon me, pardon me, it's cost. There will also be some lost revenue just because we can't sell the material until we get towards the end of the quarters. It comes out of the factory towards the end of the quarter. And we don't have a quantification for -- if that would be right down, because part of the outlook is changed versus what we're trying to do to get color 90 days ago, when we'll be coming in the second quarter. As it relates to the overall second quarter lost output, we have estimated it would cost us around $0.05 worth of lost revenue, we've got $0.05 of earnings in the second quarter, and that's pretty much about what it turned out to be. We have estimated that the incremental cost would be about $0.05 in the second quarter, that came in closer to about $0.03, net of an insurance settlement -- the ongoing insurance settlement we're able to achieve.
Ron Slaymaker: Stacy, do you have a follow up?
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Just regarding what you're seeing in auto right now, do you think I guess the weakness that you're sort of indicating for now, is that just more supply constraints where if there -- if somebody else isn't shipping a part, then the car doesn't ship and nobody who is sending parts into those car ships anything? Is that the weak kind of weakness or is it more demand driven? And like what are your expectations for that market I guess as we move into Q4 of the year? Do you think it all normalizes out?
Kevin March: Stacy, I don't know that we have a great answer or visibility into the why of auto. I know car sales are down, I know, are weaker than expected. I know part of that, a large part of that is supply chain related. And if they can't get a critical component from somebody else in the supply chain, then they sure don't need the parts that we would sell into it. How much of it is the consumer nervousness, just based on kind of what Kevin talked about previously going on at the macro level, they're very likely could be some of that as well, but what we know is, supply chain has impact to that.
Operator: We'll go next to Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: You guys referred to shared gains in Analog and Embedded Processing. Is there any incremental color you can give on specific subsegments or end markets where you think you picked up some share?
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know that I can do it real broadly, but if you take Embedded Processing, and again, it's always a little difficult at this point because we haven't seen everybody else's results to be able to really extrapolate but clearly, the strength of our position in comp infrastructure and the results that we're publishing here in that space, as that's clearly a contributor for TI gaining share in Embedded Processing. But I think it's actually things are more broad than that. I mean if you look at the catalog areas, we grew double-digit levels in catalog Embedded Processing revenue and probably, the main driver of that was on the microcontroller side and that's a sequential number. So it probably stands to reason that we're gaining share in catalog micro-controllers and catalog DSPs probably as well. So I think both of those areas are important for us. I think when you get into the Analog space, let me just leave it at kind of where I described before. I think when you talk about the broad catalog space, and that includes both power, as well as the broader HPA market, I think you probably would have to say that catalog and therefore, product sold through distribution products that really leverage the fact that we have probably 4x the number of salespeople as our closest Analog competitor out there, identifying opportunities and designing in our products. That would probably be the theme, I would say, for market share gains. I don't have an update at this point to take it down into was it amplifiers or specific product segments, but probably, the more broad catalog category would be the theme. Do you have a follow-on, Jim?
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes, a couple of your competitors, in particular, were pretty vocal this quarter about you guys being somewhat aggressive on pricing. I mean is that kind of an isolated situation or is that something that was more strategic on your part as you begin to fill up some of the fab capacity?
Ron Slaymaker: Jim, I think every time a competitor loses share to TI, we hear the pricing complaint coming back to us. I don't think we're doing anything different on pricing than what we've done historically. Frankly, our sales guys and gals are aggressive for pursuing new design wins. But that doesn't mean that we're out aggressive on pricing. We just fundamentally believe that when it comes to Analog, when it comes to Embedded Processing, pricing is pretty far down the list of customer considerations when they're picking a supplier for a particular component. And things that first and foremost, the performance of the product, the match of the product to the customer system needs, the amount of support that TI can provide in the form of applications engineers, in the form of kind of factory capacity that they see TI bringing online compared to our various competitors. Those are the considerations that drive customers' decisions to select TI versus a competitor. Absolutely, we have to be -- we have to keep our pencil sharp on pricing, we have to be competitive on pricing but it's not pricing that's causing TI's share gains. So again, it's not the first time I've heard, then I'm sure, won't be the last time I've heard that one.
Operator: We'll go next to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch: The wireless operating margins came down in the second quarter, which I assume is due to the baseband declines. Two questions. If baseband continues to decline, will that continue to be an overhang on wireless margins? And just longer term, I wanted to understand that if you do see growth in wireless, but it comes at much lower margins than Analog and embedded, then does it still make sense to invest in this business?
Kevin March: Let me just address that question on the margins. The operating margins were down in wireless on a quarter-over-quarter basis. And in part, that's just the gross margin dollars that leave that P&L with the lack of revenue that we have on the baseband. But another part of it is as Ron indicated earlier, we are seeing an increasing number of design wins across a portfolio of products and in larger number of customers. And to support those design wins, we're also increasing our staff level, to make sure that we provide an adequate support. So you've got really 2 things going on in there. One of them is the baseband revenue decline, and this is associated to the margin coming out. And the other is the fact that we're increasing our support of customers as a result of us actually winning additional design wins. And in terms of looking to the future, we've said for quite a while that the non-baseband portion of our wireless segment needs to grow and grow rapidly in order to get a certain amount of revenue base that makes sense to the financial model. And I can tell you that the leaders of that particular product is very focused on that. And frankly, with the design wins that they have been successful in getting at lately, it is increasingly encouraging that we may in fact, begin to see more favorable results and certainly, in time for when the baseband business probably winds down completely. I won't try to predict any decision as to the question you've asked about when does it make sense to stay in or stay out, I won't try to go there. I would just simply point out that once again, with the design wins we've got going there, we have been adding additional resources to support those, and we're quite encouraged that we should start seeing that trend into meaningful revenue growth in the not-too-distant future.
Ron Slaymaker: And I would just add the gross margins that OMAP and connectivity run at are fully consistent with Texas Instruments. And so, what Kevin's describing is really more tied to the level of investment that we're making on operating expense as opposed to a disconnect between those product lines gross margins and what TI would see, for example, in Analog or Embedded Processing. Do you have a follow-on, Vivek?
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch: Yes, just a quick follow-up there, a slightly different topic. I think you mentioned that third quarter, some of the conservatism that you have around the consumer and computing. Could you remind us how much exposure do you have to those areas and how much do you expect to grow or decline versus your expectations? Because I'm trying to reconcile your consciousness versus the in-line to stronger guidance that we saw from Intel and of course, I understand your consumer trends are very different.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Vivek, and can give you -- I will give you the state and secondly, let me comment though. I think even our friends at Intel talked about lower units than what they had previously been expecting. But for them, it would translate to a richer mix. I suspect for TI, we're probably more sensitive to units than mix, given just the type of products we sell in as opposed to their microprocessor business. Okay, if I just look at first half of this year, I'll walk down all the end equipment areas and give you what percent of TI's revenue. Communications is 41%, computing 23%, industrial 14%, consumer 10%, automotive 8% and education will be 4% and that is primarily our calculator revenue. Let me give you a sub-breakout of computing because not all of these will necessarily apply to our outlook. So PCs, of that 23% -- I'm sorry, these will sum up to the 23%, PCs in first half '11 are about 9%. Storage, hard disk drives et cetera, 6%; servers, 1%; monitors, 5%, which is really the DLP front projector revenue; and printers would be 2%. So hopefully, that helps.
Operator: We'll go next to CJ Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: I know you guys don't guide to gross margin, but it looks like at the midpoint, it's roughly up 50 bps and I guess the question I have, is that entirely due to the roll-off of one-time charges from Japan or is there also a mix issue here?
Kevin March: CJ, I won't get into a whole lot of specifics. I will comment that clearly, the roll-off of the cost strike for Japan is contributing to what our expected outlook would be. Beyond that, I won't get into any further mix discussion on that. I'll just leave a little put on that 90 days.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, CJ, do you have a follow-on?
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: Yes, just for housekeeping, can you tell me what the actual share count was exiting 2Q, and should we be modeling 27% tax rate for all of fiscal '12?
Kevin March: Yes, CJ, the diluted share count, the average diluted share count for the second quarter was 1180. So 1.180 billion, and the period share count, basic share count was 1,155,000,000. These are the shares that we actually pay dividends on. As to the tax rate, yes the revision we've given is a 27% tax rate, which we believe, that the tax rate should apply for the entire year, including the balance of the year.
Ron Slaymaker: And I think our prior tax rate guidance, Kevin, was 28% but it's probably more rounding up to 28% or 27.5% or change, something rounding up to 28%, is that correct?
Kevin March: That's correct. And similarly, we're rounding down to 26% right now.
Ron Slaymaker: To 27%?
Kevin March: 27%.
Ron Slaymaker: To 27% so in reality, the delta is probably a few tenths of a point in the tax rate, but we -- our guidance is not that granular. Operator, I think we'll have time for 1 more caller please.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Gross margin question and we'll look backwards so maybe Kevin, you can talk a little bit more about it. If we look year-over-year in the second quarter, I realize you have charges this year and even a little higher depreciation, but the gross margin is still down a good 2, 3 points. Can you just walk us through quickly what is the cause of that?
Kevin March: Sure. Ross, I think the highest level to look at is you're right, it's probably down about 3.5 points versus a year ago. And the single biggest driver is the cost of the earthquake damage that we talked about. That's probably 1.5 points of that delta. Utilization is probably another point. Keep in mind that we brought on additional capacity during this period, there's probably about 0.5 points or so attributable to just slightly the lower revenues, and another 0.5 point attributable just to year-over-year changes in pay and benefits and raw material costs, and just commodities and so on.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: So mix doesn't have any implication at all?
Kevin March: Not enough to really make a difference. It's really -- these are the larger moving pieces that are going on inside there.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess my quick follow on, Ron. I think on the midquarter update, you talked about the disti resales you hope to be up kind of mid-single digits, I think you said they're up 1% or 2%, is that just splitting hairs to notice any difference there, or is there something going on?
Ron Slaymaker: Resales were up 2% sequentially and off the top of my head, I don't recall specifically what we were saying midquarter. If you're saying mid-single digits, that could say they were 1 point or 2 off, but I don't recall that number and I don't recall the variance. And Kevin, been here shaking his head. So neither one of us can help you on that one, Ross. Okay, so with that, thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: And again, that does conclude today's call. We do appreciate everyone's participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-19 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin March - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Ron Slaymaker - IR
Analysts: James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research LLC Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. John Barton - Cowen and Company, LLC Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Texas Instruments' First Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. At this time, for opening remarks, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the Web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the Web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for June 8. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update.  In today's call, in addition to a review of the first quarter's financial results, we'll describe the current demand environment. We'll discuss the impact the Japan earthquake has had on demand and on our operations in that country. We'll also update you on our recovery plans and our anticipated costs associated with the earthquake and its aftermath. I'll start with the demand environment. As a reminder, in January, we said we believed the inventory correction that had occurred in the second half of 2010 was largely complete and that we expected demand in the first quarter to be above our seasonal average. There is much evidence that this did happen. Specifically, orders were strong, resales were very strong and our core businesses performed well. That said, we had two incidents that created noise on top of this strong underlying demand signal: the earthquake in Japan and late quarter unexpected weakness in Baseband demand by a single customer. In fact, during the month of January and February, we were tracking consistent with our expectations for above seasonal demand, which led us to narrow our revenue and earnings guidance ranges at our mid-quarter update around the prior midpoints.  In March, the earthquake in Japan negatively impacted our revenue due to the disruption at many of our customers' Japan factories as well as damage to two of our factories in Japan. This impact combined with our Baseband customers' unexpected weakness resulted in revenue in the lower half of our expected range. As we have previously explained, Baseband is a product line that we are exiting, and since our resources there have already been minimized, it has practically no long-term impact on us.  The revenue impact from the events in Japan will be greater in the second quarter than in the first quarter, considering that we will only be operating with partial output at our factories there, that our Japanese customers are still in the early stages of restarting their own factories and that we and our customers may face potential supply chain disruptions. We're working closely with our suppliers to get what we need, but it's too early for us or anyone else to say these issues are resolved. In a few minutes, Kevin will update you on the recovery status of our factory operations in Japan. The key point is that we believe underlying demand continues to be strong. The earthquake has had an important near-term effect on our business, but we do not believe it is disruptive to the underlying demand trends. As a result, we believe that second half will be strong once the short-term impact of the earthquake has passed. In total, TI revenue of $3.39 billion grew 6% from a year ago and declined 4% sequentially. Revenue from our core businesses increased 14% from a year ago and was even sequentially. In total, our core revenue was 71% of total revenue in the quarter. The breakout of our core revenue results includes Analog up 12% from a year ago and up 1% sequentially, Embedded Processing grew 21% from a year ago and declined 1% sequentially, Wireless OMAP and Connectivity revenue increased 10% from a year ago and declined 3% sequentially. Non-core revenue declined 10% from a year ago and declined 12% sequentially. This was mostly affected by Wireless Basebands, where revenue fell 21% from a year ago and declined 23% sequentially to $334 million. This sequential decline was well below the seasonal average, and the month of March was exceptionally weak; below January, in fact. We believe the decline does not reflect on demand in the broader smartphone market but instead was the result of weaker demand for this particular line of 3G handsets. Although we don't believe a competitive chip offering will be available until late this year, we do not expect a seasonal recovery in this revenue in the upcoming quarters and, in fact, expect that it will continue to decline. Baseband revenue fell to below 10% of TI revenue in the quarter, down from 12% last quarter. Other non-core revenue fell 2% from a year ago and fell 5% sequentially.  Turning to our segments. The most significant driver of Analog growth from a year ago was High-Performance Analog. Power Management and HVAL were both up by similar amounts, although by a lesser amount than HPA. Sequentially, Power was up the most, with HVAL about even and HPA down a few points.  The biggest factor in Embedded Processing revenue growth from a year ago was catalog products, with communications infrastructure and automotive products both up strongly but by lesser absolute amounts. Sequentially, products sold into automotive applications were up the most, growing at double-digit levels, while communications infrastructure and catalog products both declined. You'll note that our catalog products in Embedded Processing and Analog, including both HPA and Power, have grown rapidly over the past year. These are products that are typically sold through distribution into a wide array of customers and applications. For example, in Embedded Processing, we're seeing recent strength in a lot of industrial applications, such as motor drives in China, metering applications in Europe as well as higher demand in security and medical applications. These are areas where the scale advantage of TI's sales force means that we are identifying an increasing number of opportunities and are working hand in hand with our distributors to ensure these customers' systems are chock full of TI's analog chips, digital signal processors and microcontrollers. These are also the areas that will be further strengthened by our recently announced plans to acquire National Semiconductor. Adding National's 12,000 analog products to TI's existing Analog portfolio of 30,000 products will significantly enhance our portfolio. Having a combined sales force that is 10 times the size of what National has today should also significantly accelerate their growth. We expect very good things to come from this combination. Wireless revenue will increasingly be driven by our core product areas of connectivity and OMAP applications processors. We continue to be encouraged by our design win momentum in both areas. In applications processors, we introduced our OMAP 5 processor in the quarter, a multi-core product based on ARM's latest Cortex-A15 core. The key to OMAP 5 is that we will again push the envelope on both performance and power efficiency. Many of our competitors in this market try to attain our leadership performance metrics without fully appreciating the critical importance of power efficiency to mobile applications. We have also continued to win a broad swath of smartphones, tablets, eReaders, personal navigation devices and other mobile computing applications with our OMAP 3 and OMAP 4 products, setting the stage for strong OMAP growth over the next few quarters as these programs ramp into production. In our Other segment, the revenue decline from a year ago was primarily due to lower royalties that were mostly offset by revenue from our transitional supply agreements. Sequentially, declines in custom ASICs and royalties were partially offset by higher revenue from calculators and DLP products. Turning to distribution. Resales grew a very strong 8% sequentially. On average, resales would more typically decline a couple of points in the first quarter. Although we were able to help distributors increase their inventory at an absolute level, their TI inventories declined by a couple of days given the strong resale environment.  Now Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me start by providing an update on our recovery operations in Japan. As Ron said, we had two wafer fabs damaged by the earthquake: our recently acquired Aizu fab and our Miho factory. Our operations teams have done a great job responding to the crisis. We will soon be restoring Aizu into full production status and just last week, we started initial production in Miho. We expect that Miho will be able to start full production volumes in mid-July, although it will be several months later before we see the revenue effect due to the manufacturing cycle time. In the meantime, we've identified alternative TI manufacturing sites for 80% of the devices that we manufacture in Miho, and we are working with customers on these qualifications. Of course, this transition will take some time to complete. In addition to the lost output and, therefore, lost revenue that was associated with this disruption, we are also incurring additional costs. These costs include the underutilization expense we incur from having our manufacturing assets only partially loaded, scrap inventory, the recovery teams that we've assembled from across the world as well as other onetime costs.  In the first quarter, these costs totaled about $30 million, almost all of which was in cost of revenue. We recorded this in our Other segment. The situation in Japan will remain fluid as we progress and gather information. We will continue to communicate with you as well as our customers as we learn more. Gross profit in the quarter declined $141 million sequentially. This included the impact of almost all the previously mentioned earthquake costs. The remainder of the gross profit decline was mostly associated with our lower revenue. It also includes the seasonal effect of increased holiday and vacation time in the fourth quarter as well as the first quarter's annual pay and benefit increases. The combination of R&D and SG&A increased $36 million from the fourth quarter. We've continued to increase our investment in our core businesses, especially targeted programs in Analog and microcontrollers. We've also continued to increase our field sales and application engineering resources in important emerging markets such as China. We have adjusted our estimate for TI's annual effective tax rate for 2011 to 28%. This is partly the result of lower expected taxable income, which includes considerations such as our earthquake-related costs and certain anticipated acquisition-related costs. Net income in the first quarter was $666 million, or $0.55 per share. In the earnings-per-share calculation, please note that accounting rules require that we allocate a portion of net income to any unvested restricted stock units on which we pay dividend equivalents. In the first quarter, the amount of net income excluded from the EPS calculation was about $10 million. If you don't make this adjustment, you'll likely calculate EPS to be $0.01 higher than we have actually reported. When comparing with our $0.78 of EPS in the fourth quarter, recall that the fourth quarter included $0.14 from the combination of the gain on sale and a tax benefit that was primarily associated with the reinstatement of the federal R&D tax credit that was retroactive to the beginning of 2010. I'll leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release. However, let me just make a few comments. Cash flow from operations was $516 million. This was down $714 million from the last quarter. Cash flow reflects lower net income and the payment of accrued annual profit sharing and performance bonuses in the first quarter. Capital expenditures declined to $194 million in the quarter from $301 million in the fourth quarter and included additions to our assembly and test capacity as well as our analog wafer fab capacity. We used $771 million in the quarter to repurchase 21.9 million shares of TI common stocks and pay dividends of $153 million. We increased our inventory by $158 million in the quarter. Most of this increase was planned and supports our goal to maintain short lead times and support high customer service levels. About 1/3 of the increase was wireless Baseband inventory that resulted from unexpected weak demand from a single customer. We've already taken action to begin to correct the excess Baseband inventory. Orders in the quarter increased 14% sequentially to $3.58 billion. TI's book-to-bill ratio increased to 1.06 in the quarter from 0.89 in the fourth quarter. Turning to our outlook. We expect TI revenue in the range of $3.41 billion to $3.69 billion in the second quarter, or up 1% to 9% sequentially. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.52 to $0.60. Prior to the earthquake, we were planning for low double-digit second quarter revenue growth. Because of the earthquake, we have reduced this near-term outlook to about half our normal seasonal growth, mostly due to a combination of lower output of our Japan factories, lower local Japan demand as well as potential supply chain disruptions. The foregoing profit on this revenue would be about $0.05 of EPS in the quarter.  Additionally, the EPS estimate we have provided includes about $0.05 of negative impact for earthquake-related costs. So in total, the second quarter EPS impact from the earthquake is about $0.10. Our estimates for 2011 R&D, capital expenditures and depreciation are unchanged. In summary, we're encouraged by underlying demands, as evidenced by orders and our trends during the first 2.5 months of the first quarter. Although we certainly have a near-term operational challenge associated with the earthquake and its aftermath, we're confident that this impact will be confined to the near term, and we're looking forward to a strong second half of the year. Our market position is solid and will only get better as we bring the National portfolio and team onboard later this year. We remain focused on growing our core businesses significantly faster than the markets, and we're intent on translating that growth into attractive earnings and returns to our shareholders.  With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: I guess, Ron, the first question is, given the hiccup on the Baseband business this quarter, how should we think about that going forward? I know you said don't expect a seasonal recovery. But when you look at the guidance for Q2, how would you have us model that business?
Ron Slaymaker: John, I would say probably unchanged from what we have told you in the past. Although, certainly, it looks like that guidance has more and more opportunity to come to fruition here, which is basically we still expect that by the end of 2012, that revenue will be essentially gone. And so kind of a linear progression from where we were in first quarter down basically to 0 in first quarter '13 would be about the best we could provide in terms of guidance.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: I think as my follow-up, when you look at the op profitability on the Analog business, on op revenue, operating profits were down almost $70 million sequentially. I'm just kind of curious if you can talk a little bit about pricing in that business currently? And also, when you look at the weakness in the high-performance market, is that expected to rebound in the second quarter? And why was Q1 so weak for that segment?
Kevin March: John, profitability was down, back to the initial comments I made about our increased investments in certain projects. And Analog and Embedded Processes, a similar story holds in Embedded Processing as well. We have stepped up our spending on product development in those areas. In addition, as I mentioned, we're increasing our sales people and field apps engineers in support of those areas. So actually, similar to what we did a year ago in Embedded Processing. Where we stepped up the investment there, we've done it again this year, stepping up the investment in both those segments.
Ron Slaymaker: Great. John, thank you for your questions, and we'll move to the next caller, please.
Operator: The next is Tim Luke, Barclays Capital.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: As you plan going forward, how should we think about your inventory level? Obviously, it's up a little bit in this quarter. How are you thinking about that trending as you move into the year?
Kevin March: Tim, I'll go ahead and take that. We don't normally give a inventory forecast per se because that's really more a function of what the following quarter's outlook would be, so we won't give you a specific number. But I would just remind you of what we talked about. We've already taken actions to start bringing the Baseband inventory down, and so we would expect that to decline during the second quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Tim?
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: Sure. As you describe the outlook for the second half of the year, you say that you expect a quite good second half. Where are the areas that you see the greatest grounds for optimism around the second half? And maybe as part of that, it did look like your book-to-bill, your order numbers were strong in the quarter. And maybe you can give us some color as to where you saw the best lift in the order book.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, Tim, I don't think we believe it's necessarily going to be driven by any particular market segment. In fact, I think that's part of the reason why we're somewhat optimistic, because we see it as just being pretty broad-based underlying strength. That certainly happened. As we said in the prepared remarks, there were some noise in the first quarter. But if you peel back pretty much the isolated events, one Baseband customer and a Japan earthquake, underlying business was really pretty strong. In fact, I think if you look at the Baseband numbers, we gave you them pretty specifically. You see pretty much $100 million decline, of which about half of that was unexpected. So basically, we had about a $50 million unexpected decline in Baseband. We had about the impact of the Japan earthquake on revenue, since it came so late in the quarter, was about $20 million. But you look at where we were relative to our guidance, we were below the middle of the range but not very far below, which means areas outside of Baseband and outside of the Japan-related impact actually ran pretty strong in the quarter. So again, we have to kind of get through second quarter and some of the noise associated with Japan. But we think that broad-based strength will then become increasingly evident once we get into second half. But again, not driven by any particular area, but rather broad-based. Okay. Tim, thank you, and let's move to the next caller.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Kevin, maybe I'll just go back to your comments on Japan. With regards to how your customers have reacted to it, have there been any -- one would expect subsequent to an event like that there would be a jump in safety stocks and people will try to make sure they are not having any stock-outs. Did you see any such, and has that kind of stabilized as we look at how demand could trend for the rest of the quarter? And also, while you're answering that, if you can also talk about any adjacent products, like, we're hearing about wafer supplies being tight still from Japan, if you're exposed to that or if any such comment is true.
Kevin March: Uche, on customer reactions to the earthquake, again, I'll go back to what Ron said. We actually saw quite strong demand during the first 2.5 months of the quarter that really outside of the Baseband and direct Japan impact continued through the quarter. I don't think that we can necessarily point to any specific example of where people might be moving to take on more inventory or safety stock. But by the same token, I don't know that's an unreasonable thing for us to think that, that could occur. It's probably a little bit too early, though, for us to be able to point to any meaningful examples of that. As it relates to supply side, that is one of the things that we're mindful of in the second quarter outlook. And as we've talked about before, many semiconductor suppliers, that is suppliers of raw materials to semiconductor manufacturers such as TI and others, actually have the manufacturing facilities in the earthquake zone. And in many cases, those particular suppliers have been working to bring their factories back online. We've been working with them as well as other suppliers to try to ensure continuity to our total supply. But right now, I'd say the situation remains too fluid to really be able to give, either from us or anyone else, any certainty as to what that supply situation will look like until we get further through the second quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Uche, did you have a follow-up to those questions?
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: I do. Actually, a different question. Ron -- and I know you talked about investing in both Embedded and Analog Processing -- Embedded Processing and Analog as kind of the reason for the gross margin weakness. Is there any specific change in mix, particularly if we look at Embedded, you know, where you talked about communications infrastructure as well as automotive being down? So is there any other thing more significant going over in Embedded beyond just investments that may have resulted in the margins being a little bit weaker?
Ron Slaymaker: Not outside of what we talked about. You always have some variation across catalog products or automotive or comm infrastructure, which are the three categories that we discussed there. But I think other than what we discussed in our prepared remarks or put in the release, there's nothing that jumps to my mind that would have been what I would call a mix change. Do you have anything, Kevin, that comes to your mind?
Kevin March: Not in those two segments specifically. I would just say broadly speaking, at the company level, we did talk about the cost of revenue took an impact for the Japan damages cost of about $30 million. We also mentioned that royalty revenue was down a little bit quarter-over-quarter. In addition to that, I did mention in my prepared remarks that the compensation-related costs in our manufacturing areas, like in the other areas, we had the benefit of the seasonal decline of vacation in the first quarter offset by paying benefit increases in the first quarter. So that combination of events all pools together to deliver the GPM results that we look at.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thank you, Uche, and we'll move to the next caller.
Operator: The next is Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: Kevin, for you maybe. We obviously now have down gross margins with all the goings-on in the first quarter. Can you maybe provide for us the path back to the mid-50s on gross margins? What are the things that need to happen sort of correcting, for lack of a better term, the issues in Japan? And what else do we need to see to get us back to the mid-50s?
Kevin March: So Glen, I would first say that we're probably going to be a quarter or two out on that. Keep in mind, I did mention that there was about $0.05 of additional impact that we expect in the first quarter related to the Japan earthquake -- excuse me, in the second quarter, and most of that is going to be in cost of revenue. So we're probably in the third quarter before we see a resumption of those gross margins back in the level that we prefer to see them operating at. And really, I think an interesting point that should be noted there that Ron brought up in his comments, 71% of our revenue in the first quarter was our core products, and those tend to be our products that enjoy very healthy gross margins. So as we move through time and Baseband continues its wind-down and so on, all those things will come together and help support more reliable and solid gross margins starting in the second half of the year.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-up, Glen?
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: I do. It's kind of end-market-related. You sort of brought up a little bit, but just wanted to get your sense as to what you're seeing in a few end markets: wireless infrastructure, automotive and industrial. Just what you saw and what you expect to see in those end markets.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Let's start with wireless infrastructure. I mean, so first quarter, we saw things down sequentially there, but I think that is pretty much a seasonal pattern that we would expect to see what were drivers of the revenue even though there was a seasonal decline was still, most of the revenue was associated with North American data expansion. We did see some increased volume in China, really in more kind of legacy GSM 2G type of sales. And again, we have no change to the outlook that you've heard us talk about over time, which is we think we're really at the start of a very long growth spurt that's really going to be based on data traffic capacity expansion that's going to go across the world. And so on the one hand, you'll see CapEx spending increases, especially in the wireless area, we believe, by various service providers. But we actually think our opportunity to grow will be actually significantly above those CapEx increases, really because we're catching more the bill of material via integration. So just for example, we used to sell DSPs. Today, we sell Layer 1 system-on-a-chip. In the future, we're going to be selling Layer 1, 2, 3 system-on-a-chip and really capture more of the customers' system opportunity via that higher-level service. Automotive, you heard us say we're strong. A lot of that was driven by unit sales increases in automotive. I think just in the month of March, they were up something like 17% year-on-year. This is an area that we believe the end market will be impacted by the Japan earthquake, and I don't mean so much end market meaning consumer demand, but rather the automotive manufacturers' ability to supply given various constraints in terms of their supply chain. So that's one we're going to watch. But first quarter was strong, maybe a little more dampened outlook going forward. And then industrial, I would say good strength, not only in first quarter. Our view is that's the market that's going to continue strong as we move through 2011, and I would say that's across multiple regions, U.S., Europe, but also, as you heard me say in prepared remarks, even out of China as they continue to expand, not only their local economy but their supply into the rest of the world. Okay, Glen, thank you, and hopefully that answers your question. Now we'll move to the next caller.
Operator: The next is John Barton with Cowen.
John Barton - Cowen and Company, LLC: Kevin, if you could go back to that $0.05 cost from the earthquake in the June quarter, just break it out a little bit on our utilization charge, scrap product, restart costs and also your thoughts in all those categories what could stretch into September, please.
Kevin March: Yes, John, we aren't going to go any lower than this data. Right now, we're estimating about $0.05 of cost and EPS, and it will be mostly manufacturing-related. Obviously, some of that will be in those categories you just described as well as repair costs and other types of costs associated with bringing the lines back up. But I'm not going to go any deeper than just to say it's about $0.05 or so in the quarter we expect right now.
Ron Slaymaker: Try with another one, John.
John Barton - Cowen and Company, LLC: And that goes to 0 in the September quarter?
Kevin March: Right now, we can't see that far out with a great deal of clarity, so we withhold any kind of forecast on third quarter until we get closer to it.
Ron Slaymaker: We'll probably give you more on that in July. Okay. John, I'll give you one more.
John Barton - Cowen and Company, LLC: Back to the book-to-bill, 1.06. Where was it tracking before the earthquake, and what I'm after there is how much of an increase of bookings did you see as customers tried to give you visibility and/or create safety stock?
Ron Slaymaker: John, I would describe the order trend as strong throughout the quarter. We did see some turn-up in the couple of weeks, last couple weeks of March associated with maybe customers, as you described, trying to provide more visibility. But that was not a big factor. Book-to-bill and our order trends were solid literally from the start of the quarter all the way through. Okay. John, thank you, and we'll move to the next caller.
Operator: The next is Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: With regard to your comments about a good second half, I'm just curious what would constitute a good second half for you guys? If you're seasonal, would that be a good second half [indiscernible] somewhat better than the seasonal? How should we think about that?
Ron Slaymaker: Sure. Do you have a follow-up question? I mean, Steve, we're already out on the limb trying to talk about in general things turning back up in the second half. I don't know that we're sitting here trying to say whether it would be above seasonal. But certainly, a seasonal-or-better second half is what we would characterize as a strong second half, and it's kind of in the range of thinking that we have. Do you have a follow-on?
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Sure. You had, I think, an above-seasonal Q1, very solid bookings here. And you're talking about this good back half, and that's sort of in the context of some discussion of PC weakness out there and high oil prices and debt ceilings and sort of a lot of negative macro data points. Just curious how you sort of put those two together, the negative macro data points and your seeming strength. Is it share gains? Is it something else? If you could just give some thoughts there. I know you guys aren't economists, but any thoughts there would be helpful.
Kevin March: Again, I think, Steve, what we're seeing here is just a general broadening of the economic recovery around the world, including the Western economies that we've been watching, and it's surprisingly weak for a long period of time. That, along with the proliferation of electronic devices, gives us confidence that there's going to be quite a bit of long-term growth for semiconductors. I think we talked in the last couple of calls about our interest in the emergence of, say, tablet PCs, for example, where our particular content in tablet is more than it is in PCs. So actually, that transition from PC weakness to tablet strength we view positively. The emergence of the data communications demand that Ron was talking about earlier just puts more and more demand on the networks, and we have a lot of content inside those. We view that very favorably. The fact that automobile sales were somewhat depressed during the last couple of years as people kind of held on to their cash and their cars are getting older, they eventually have to replace some electronic content that continues to go up inside those cars. Again, that gives us confidence that semiconductor content is going to be quite attractive as we look into the future. So no particular area and no debate on some of the macro headlines that you're talking about. It's just broadly speaking, there's underlying demand that we saw, even coming through this period where people were a bit rattled. With all those headlines you just talked about, including an earthquake, we still saw strong demand.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Very good. Steve, thank you for your questions, and we'll move to the next caller.
Operator: The next is Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: On the royalty issue that hit the Q1 gross margins. Is that expected to carry over to impact Q2 gross margins as well?
Kevin March: Jim, we don't typically forecast on that level, but we think the royalties would probably run in the, call it, the $50 million kind of range on a quarterly basis going forward.
Ron Slaymaker: Which is about where they were in Q1. So probably, just looking forward, we don't really see a big transition. Although, Jim, as you know, royalties can always bounce around based on what happens with our licensees' revenue and things like that. But probably at a level in fourth -- in the first quarter that we would expect roughly to hold through the rest of the year. Do you have a follow-on, Jim?
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes, please. On the production issues out of Japan. Is there any risk that some of the share that you were unable to satisfy or some of the shipments you weren't able to satisfy this quarter go elsewhere and are hard to get back? Or do you think you can kind of take them back as you ramp up production in other regions?
Kevin March: Jim, I don't think there's much concern on a share shift standpoint. Again, most of the products are designed in. It's difficult or undesirable for many customers to want to redesign somebody else in. Not impossible, but difficult. This is a short-term interruption, and frankly, we're moving very quickly to qualify products into other factories. So the reaction from our customers has actually been quite good so far. So at this point, I'd minimize any risk to our share position due to the earthquake.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, Jim, I would think of it this way. A customer, if they're -- all the different directions they can put their energies, it's going to be much more expedient for them to work on taking a device that we used to manufacture in Miho and, say, requalify the similar device that we could provide them out of our fab than to go back to the design stage and try to redesign a board to use a competitor's device. And again, very, very few of these devices, if any, would be pin-for-pin compatible with competitor's devices. They are highly proprietary. And so again, what we've seen is and what we've encouraged is a pretty intense effort to work with us on getting the 80% of the devices requalified over into other areas, while at the same time we're doing our best to recover production in Miho as fast as possible as well. Okay. Thank you, Jim, and we'll move to the next caller.
Operator: The next is Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Any repercussions for lead times? And not just for your products. What are you seeing in the industry? Are there any complementary products where lead times are stretching out? And then I had a follow-up as well.
Kevin March: Yes, Ambrish. So clearly, we had to adjust lead times to our customers for deliveries for products that were impacted by -- in the Miho factory. But aside from that, I can't -- I'm not aware of any others to point out.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then my follow-up, any buyer's remorse after pulling the National deal?
Ron Slaymaker: Kevin, do you have any remorse to spending $6.5 billion to buy National?
Kevin March: Frankly, I can't -- I'm pretty enthusiastic about us getting that deal closed. When you take a look at the opportunity, we have actually accelerated the growth of the National portfolio. It's pretty exciting. Our incremental cost to accelerate that growth was exactly 0, because we already have a sales force in place. So as soon as we can expose their products to 10 times the size of the sales force, we should expect to see a meaningful shift in a probably short order in the revenue growth of those products.
Ron Slaymaker: I mean, there are just not very many opportunities, Ambrish, to be able to pick up a 12,000-product Analog portfolio and a very high-quality Analog portfolio and basically be able to get it at a reasonable market price such as we were able to with this acquisition. And we've obviously spent a lot of time out meeting with investors. And frankly, the feedback from our largest investors has been very encouraging regarding that acquisition, TI's use of capital for that acquisition and what they believe we'll be able to do with it. So I think they share our enthusiasm for bringing that National team onboard and doing it as quickly as we can. All right. Ambrish Srivastava, thank you for your questions, and we'll move to the next caller.
Operator: The next is Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: In light of that National acquisition and the fact that you're investing, as you pointed out, in field sales and engineering, does that change your dynamic? I know it hasn't closed yet, so you haven't kind of got the green light completely. But why add field sales and engineering when you're bringing on National's sales force and their engineers on top of it? Is the growth opportunity that strong?
Kevin March: Actually, it is, Ed. I mean, we're continuing on our organic growth pursuits that we've had all along. Recall that we spent the last year and a half expanding our manufacturing capacity with the idea of rapidly growing organically our own internal portfolio of some 30,000-odd Analog products. That has not changed, and the expectation for each of those businesses inside our portfolio to have growth rates at running 2x fair market has not changed. And so in order to do that, we continue to want to add people in areas where we see the actual growth opportunity at. The exciting part, again, for us is it's incrementally quite easy for us to add the additional 12,000 products that National's portfolio will bring to us into our sales people's hands and on those same calls now have an even higher probability of walking away with a sale every time they show up with a customer.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, so just to reinforce, because we used to get this question a lot from investors, whether our aggressive growth goals for Analog would be purely met organically or whether we would do it via acquisition. Our goal, in turn, for the organic growth has not changed whatsoever, and that's basically to be growing 2x the market. So we're continuing to execute the strategy to make sure we deliver on that goal, and then what we'll be doing with the National portfolio will certainly be in addition to that. So Ed, do you have a follow-on question?
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Well, I was going to follow-up to that one, but -- so incrementally, I mean, obviously you talked a lot about helping out National by adding so many more sales force to their feet on the street. But then you got the National guys helping you guys out too, and that's incremental to, I guess, what your organic growth would be, then, I expect.
Kevin March: It certainly cuts both ways. I mean, there's a -- great sales people are hard to find, and great FAEs are even harder to find. And we're combining these teams together, and we're pretty encouraged we've already got the largest sales force in the industry and it's going to be even larger. So I think the ability to multiply on that growth standpoint is clearly in our favor.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, and I think, Ed, you're familiar with National, I know, but I forget the exact numbers. Something like 45%, 46% of their recent revenue is coming from the industrial market, and that's a much stronger position in industrial, and a lot of it comes because of the power management capabilities they have for high-voltage type of applications. And so they will have relationships with customers and, certainly, portfolio, what do I call, lead-in type products that we will be able to benefit from with those customers. And hopefully, we'll go in selling microcontrollers, DSPs and other products those customers might be able to take advantage of as well. Okay. Ed, thank you, and we'll move to the next caller.
Operator: Next is JoAnne Feeney with Longbow Research.
JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research LLC: Just a little bit more, if we could, on Japan. I'm curious -- you moved, it sounds like, more than you originally planned to other facilities, 80% up from 60%. I'm wondering what percentage of those parts are already qualified, or when do you think they will be qualified?
Kevin March: JoAnne, I think initially, we had indicated that somewhere around 60% or so was available in [ph] other factories, and we've since been able to increase that to about 80%. Qualification is under way for many of those products already. It's really a function from two sides. One, we've got to qualify it inside the factory they're moving those products into. And the second part is the customer has to gain confidence that parts are actually working as they expect them to work. So that's probably going to be taking us through this quarter and maybe even the next quarter on some of these products.
Ron Slaymaker: So just another data point I would add is our fab these days, we have about 100 devices qualified for production there, and we're adding about 10 new devices per week into our fab. If you just go back a month ago before the earthquake or, I guess, a little more than a month, we were probably adding at a pace of about five new devices per week in our fab. And certainly, the acceleration that's happened since then is because of trying to move those Miho products and provide some production alternatives there. Do you have a follow-on, JoAnne?
JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research LLC: Yes. On the composition side, you've had a month or so to look at this. I'm wondering how the composition of your existing inventories matches up against the shortfall out of the Miho facility, whether you'll be able to draw down inventories to meet customer demand or whether there isn't a particularly good match there in the inventory sets?
Kevin March: There was already material that Miho had produced that was in our assembly test sites. We had some finished good materials as well. We had a better recovery of wafers than we initially anticipated after the earthquake. We thought more were damaged than we had actually believed to be the case initially. So between those, we've got some inventory to be able to handle our customer demands, but clearly not enough, which is why we are re-qual-ing many of those products into other factories. And it's also why we had to re-profile the lead times on those particular parts, because we don't have enough material on hand to meet the demands of those customers.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thank you, JoAnne. We'll move to the next caller.
Operator: The next is Chris Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I know you probably can't answer this definitively, but how confident do you feel that you're incorporating most, if not all, of the impact from Japan? And in that vein, are you incorporating any impact from any sort of demand disruption from Japan domestically?
Kevin March: Chris, right now, we've given you our best estimate, which we think is -- with what we know today, an all-in number, if you will, that is we think about $0.05 impact in the second quarter. As we get further and further into bringing equipment up and actually making sure that they function as intended, that may change. But right now, we think that's a good number. The kind of knock-on effect I alluded to in my opening remarks, and that is given that our revenue grows sequentially in the quarter, we expect to be about half of what we would normally experience on a seasonal basis. If we run the math on that, we think that that's about another $0.05 of earnings foregone from a revenue standpoint in the quarter. So between the foregone earnings of $0.05 and the actual expected increase in recovery costs of $0.05, it looks out to be about a $0.10 impact in the second quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes. Do you guys expect any sort of makeup in the second half, especially on the gross margin side? In terms of modeling, should we assume that once you get back to the revenue levels you had last year, your gross margins will be the same or similar?
Kevin March: Yes, Chris, we'll just remind you, again, that $0.05 that I've talked about for second quarter costs will pretty much all go through cost of revenue, so that will have a negative impact on our gross margins. But to the extent that, that pretty much wraps up the repair cost and the recovery costs, we should expect to see our gross margins begin to move back to the levels that you grew accustomed seeing us at, at those revenue levels.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Let's move to the next caller.
Operator: Next is Tore Svanberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: First question, your guidance range is fairly wide, up one to nine. And I was just wondering if the variables there are simply Japan, or is there anything else that's behind that range?
Kevin March: Tore, I believe that range is very consistent with what you've seen from TI historically. We usually start with a range at that level and then try to narrow it as we move into the mid-quarter update. But this is consistent with what we've historically provided at the beginning of the quarter.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, very good. And can you also clarify a little bit more what's happening in distribution channel? I think you said sell-through was very strong, TI inventory was down, yet you've done a good job to sort of get the inventories back up. So what exactly is happening there? I mean, are distributors wanting to build more inventory? Or -- just trying to understand it better.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. I think -- well, sell-through was strong, and frankly, we had expected it to be strong, coming into the quarter. Now it's certainly part of the characterization we gave back in January that we thought we were coming into an above-seasonal first quarter. And you only have to go back to their, those distributors' reports, where they were talking about order strength and fourth quarter positive book-to-bills to come away with that type of consideration. I would say that inventory is about where they would like to have it, and frankly, where we would like to have them. As we mentioned, days were down a few. But basically, in the six-week range for their inventory, that's about where they have historically been, especially if you make adjustments for the increasing amount of distributor inventory that we're carrying on consignment programs. So consignment moved up a little bit. About a third of our distribution revenue is now being supported on consignment programs. And as that continues to move up -- and by the way, we will also, as we bring that National portfolio onboard, we will move that into consignment programs with distribution as well. But as the percentage of our distribution support that is supported by consignment inventory moves up, then naturally the amount of inventory that the distributors need to carry would move down correspondingly. So -- but again, I would say they're generally right in the range where they would like to be. Okay. Tore, I believe that's two questions. So we'll move to the next caller.
Operator: We go next to Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a question on calculators versus your regular semiconductor business. That's usually up, the Calculator side, in the second quarter. Any reason, Japan or otherwise, that, that wouldn't constitute the usual two to three points of sequential growth?
Ron Slaymaker: No, I think you got it right, Ross. If you look at Calculators from first to second quarter, very typical would be a doubling of their revenue. And there's no reason where we wouldn't expect that same. So that could be 2.5 to 3 points of company-level revenue growth first to second quarter coming from that seasonal lift in Calculator demand. Do you have a follow-on, Ross?
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes, different topic, though. On OpEx, your OpEx went up about $36 million sequentially. You mentioned about the investments in Embedded and Analog. Is that the majority of that $36 million, and should we think about that sort of magnitude going forward as you continue to invest? Or were there onetime things in that sequential comparison that won't occur again as we go forward?
Kevin March: Ross, the only onetime thing, just to point back to, we do, do our annual pay and benefits increases in the first quarter. So there's about 2/3 of a quarter's worth of that in there. So you'll see a bit more of that as we go into next quarter as we get a full-quarter effect of that. Plus, back to your earlier question about calculators and so on, from a seasonality standpoint, we typically see our SG&A go up a bit there on marketing cost. So you'll typically see our OpEx move up in the second quarter. I think last year, if you go take a look at that, it's a good way to think about how this year might play out as well.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, and the only other point I would make, Ross, is we provided annual -- we don't do it for SG&A, but for R&D guidance of $1.7 billion. Now certainly, that could round up or round down to that number, but that's -- that will give you also some rough guidelines on that. Okay. Thank you, Ross, and we'll move to the next caller.
Operator: The next is Craig Ellis with Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Kevin, any thoughts on the amount of debt that you're comfortable taking on associated with the National deal?
Kevin March: Yes, Craig, we talked about we would probably issue somewhere between $3 billion and $4 billion of debt as part of that acquisition, and I don't have any more updates for you on that. I still think that's probably a good number to frame for modeling purposes.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Craig?
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Yes, just you talked about lead times, pretty clear message there. As you look at pricing dynamics, especially in High-Volume Analog and Power Management, any change to pricing over the last month or two, especially since the quake?
Ron Slaymaker: Craig, pricing pretty much across the board is trending normally. So I don't think we've seen anything that we would say is, first of all, abnormal to begin with, much less that we would correlate to the quake. Okay. Craig, thank you for your questions. We'll move to the next caller.
Operator: The next is Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Could you give us an update on the market share you believe you had with OMAP 4? And in terms of the market share gains that you expect over the next few quarters, is that relative to previous OMAP products? Or is it relative to the competition? And if so, why do you say you were getting share in that space?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. So I don't have a share number for you, specifically. But there's probably lots of third-party people that make their living at trying to make that assessment. So I guess I would just reference you in that direction. In terms of gains that we're making and what gives us confidence that we will see share gains, it's as simple as looking at the pipeline of wins that we have under way. And to some degree, Tristan, it depends upon how you define the market, and I don't mean that cute. What I mean, though, is that our view of mobile computing and the opportunity there is a pretty broad definition of the opportunities. So it includes tablets and it includes smartphones, but it also includes areas like data terminals. The guys in the brown truck that deliver the package to you that pull a little data terminal out and record the delivery and has you sign on the pad, we view that as an OMAP, a potential OMAP application. In fact, we have wins in that space. So again, a very broad definition of the opportunity for mobile computing, and by no means does that diminish our enthusiasm for OMAP in smartphones and in tablets. In fact, I would say both of those are must-win areas, but we also have a much broader definition where we're going to be able to take that same OMAP technology and put it into a lot of different areas: eReaders, personal navigation devices I mentioned previously are all areas where today, we have OMAP design wins in that pipeline that I'm referring to that these aren't demo projects that somebody did at a trade show. These are production programs that we have in development for customers that will be going into production in 2011. And so there's always uncertainty as to how much success a particular product will have out in the marketplace. But in terms of the quality of the customers, the size of the potential opportunities, we are quite confident that it's going to translate to very solid market share gains for us in that market. Do you have a follow-on, Tristan?
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Quick follow-up on that, the production for RFAB, any type of guidance in terms of production we could expect from RFAB by end of this year? And also, how would that compare with the peak potential output from that same fab?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Tristan, what I would say today is the revenue amount coming out of RFAB is still relatively small. We've said all along that we are capable today from an equipment perspective of ramping RFAB up into about a $2 billion production level and that we will pace that based upon market demand. Certainly, events such as we've had in Japan have resulted in somewhat of an acceleration there. But I don't have a specific number to be able to say we'll be at this dollar value or this percent utilization, other than it's ramping nicely, maybe even ahead of plan, based on the added motivation of getting those Miho devices qualified over there.
Operator: We'll go next to Ramesh Misra with Brigantine Advisors.
Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors LLC: Thanks for squeezing me in. Ron, very roughly, what was your percentage of revenue from Japan? And longer term, do you expect that to change? So in other words, are you seeing customers in Japan looking to diversify their supplier base from being heavily Japan-centric to something that's a little more balanced?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Our percent of revenue from Japan last year was about 10%. And to the question of are we look -- do we believe customers will look for more diversified supplier base? I don't believe so. I think our -- I mean, I shouldn't say I don't believe so. What I mean is, I think that it's way too early for customers to be going through that. They're focused on bringing their factories back into operation in that earthquake zone. I don't think at this point they're trying to figure out whether they should be there or whether they should be someplace else. That can happen and probably very likely could happen later, but I haven't heard of a customer reevaluating their location status.
Kevin March: I would just point out also that the output from Miho is not just sold into Japan, it is sold around the world. So it's -- there's not a direct connection between Miho or Aizu factories and the actual revenue that we gain in Japan.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, one thing I'll mention as a longer term benefit for TI is it's always -- there's cost to our customers, there's distractions to our customers to requalify our product from one fab to another fab. But as we've said before, because of the supply disruption out of Miho, there has been an intensified effort on behalf of the customers to go ahead and help us internally multi-source those products into other fabs. And that's something that, just from an operational and logistics perspective, we'll benefit from over time. Having the same devices in production at multiple fabs and having those customer qualifications already in place just always provides us a different level of flexibility. Okay. Ramesh, do you have a follow-on question?
Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors LLC: Okay. That is helpful. Very quick one. On your mid-quarter update, you had said that you felt that the PC business had bottomed and begun to rebound. Are you still seeing that, I guess, broader PC including the mobile?
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, Ramesh, that, in fact, is correct. I think what we said was earlier in the quarter, because there had been a chipset recall, we had seen disruption in that business, but that as we moved later into February, as that other supplier basically got back online and moved forward, we had seen, even at the mid-quarter update, recovery in our PC-related business. I would say that did continue through the month of March. So that business is continuing well at this point.  Okay. And with that, we'll wrap up. Thank you for joining as. A replay of this call is available on our website, and good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's discussion. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-24 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin March - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Ron Slaymaker - IR
Analysts: Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments Fourth Quarter and Year End 2010 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and year 2010 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web.  This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the safe harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for March 8. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update.  In today's call, we'll describe our views on the demand environment, where we are in the correction and our near-term outlook. We'll also talk about the financial impact of the three new factories that we have now brought online and the opportunities for growth that these factories provide. Finally, we'll provide a retrospective view of the year and our expectations for the years ahead.  I'll start with the demand environment. As a reminder, from the second quarter of 2009 through the third quarter of 2010, the SC industry had six quarters of strong growth. Our own revenue in the third quarter of 2010 was up 79% from the first quarter 2009 trough. In the summer of 2010, the industry began to slow and then declined in the fourth quarter. During our October and December calls, we said that we believed the slowdown would be both short and shallow. We were in an environment where lead times were shortening and inventories were being quickly reduced. At this point, we believe the correction is mostly complete.  TI's lead times have now completed an orderly reduction and are back to normal as we had projected in our last call. During the fourth quarter, we were able to replenish our inventory levels, which will help us keep lead times normal during 2011.  Regarding customer and channel inventory, while there are some customer-specific examples where inventories are higher than they desire, we see some of the important end markets like PCs and LCD TVs having largely completed their inventory corrections. In the PC market, TI revenue from battery management products bottomed early in the fourth quarter and grew through the remainder of the quarter.  In the LCD TV market, our customers tell us that their excess inventory was significantly cleared in the fourth quarter and to expect higher demand in the current quarter, as a result, even though new orders for the quarter were down again from the third quarter. After a very weak month of October, net orders were appreciably higher during the month of November and December.  Let me translate all of this to our outlook. Historically, the first quarter for TI would be down about 5% compared with the fourth quarter. The middle of our current first quarter guidance range is a little better than seasonal. In addition, our backlog coverage as we enter the current first quarter was higher than recent years of history for our first quarter. To summarize the demand environment, we believe the slowdown that started in the summer of 2010 is mostly complete.  Turning to our fourth quarter results, revenue in the fourth quarter was slightly better than the middle of our range of expectations. Revenue declined 6% sequentially and was up 17% from a year ago. Analog revenues declined 4% sequentially and grew 20% from a year ago. The sequential decline was primarily due to Power Management products given their higher exposure to the PC market. High Volume Analog and Logic products and High-Performance Analog products declined to a lesser extent. The 20% increase in Analog revenue from a year ago was mostly due to strength in High-Performance Analog products, although HVAL and Power Management both had double-digit growth.  In Embedded Processing, revenue declined 7% sequentially and grew 31% from a year ago. The sequential decline was due to lower catalog product revenue, with revenue from products sold into communications infrastructure and automotive applications about even. The 31% increase from a year ago was primarily due to catalog products. Communications infrastructure revenue also grew, and in fact, its growth rate exceeded 30%. Growth from products sold into automotive applications was lower, although still double digits. Total wireless revenue was about even sequentially and from a year ago.  Baseband revenue was $435 million in the quarter, down slightly from $438 million in the prior quarter and down from $465 million a year ago. Sequential growth in the OMAP applications processor revenue was offset by lower connectivity revenue and a slightly lower Baseband revenue. From a year ago, higher connectivity and applications processor revenue was offset by the lower Baseband revenue. In our Other segment, revenue declined 14% sequentially and grew 23% from a year ago. Most of the sequential decline was the result of the seasonal decline in calculators. DLP revenues declined by about the same amount as revenue from our transitional supply agreements increased.  As a reminder, when we recently acquired our Aizu Japan and Chengdu China fabs, we agreed to continue to supply Spansion and SMIC with products from those factories on a transitional basis while we ramp our own productions in those facilities. The financial impact of these agreements should largely offset any carrying costs associated with those new factories and will be reflected as part of our Other segment. The 23% growth in the Other segment from a year ago was due to a combination of these transitional supply agreements, higher custom ASIC revenue and higher DLP product revenue. I should also note that the gain on our sale of a product line is included in the result of the Other segment.  Distribution resales declined 4% compared with the prior quarter, not much different than our overall semiconductor revenue trend. We were able to help distributors replenish a few days of inventory in the quarter, helping to position down for expected growth.  Shifting briefly to our full-year 2010 results, TI revenue grew 34% in total. Each of our core businesses contributed strongly to this growth, with each area growing in excess of 40%. Analog revenue grew 42%, with strong growth in HVAL, Power Management, and HPA. Embedded Processing grew 41%, led by especially strong growth in catalog products.  In both Analog and Embedded Processing, we continued to benefit from the breadth and depth of our product portfolio, combined with the significant scale advantage that our field sales and applications force provides us. This means we have the ability to call on more customers and engage with them more deeply compared with our competitors. We believe the share gains we earned in 2010 were largely results of this.  In Wireless, the combination of applications processors and connectivity products grew slightly more than 40%. Wireless Baseband revenue was $1.7 billion in 2010, essentially unchanged from 2009. As a percent of total TI revenue, Baseband declined from 17% of TI in 2009 to 12% of revenue in 2010. We continue to be encouraged by our strong design position and momentum in OMAP applications processors. With our dual core OMAP 4 applications processor generation, we have a combination of low power and high performance that we believe is unmatched in the industry. We are now in volume production of our first OMAP 4 device.  We are deeply engaged in collaborating with multiple customers on tablet programs that reach across TI product lines, including OMAP 4 applications processors, single-chip wireless connectivity solutions that integrate four radio technologies: WiFi, GPS, Bluetooth and FM, and Analog Power Management technologies that optimize overall power distribution and consumption within the tablet. There are a host of other examples of OMAP's broadening design in success, including eReaders, personal navigation devices, portable data terminals and many other devices that can leverage OMAP's combination of high performance and low power. Now, Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks, Ron and good afternoon, everyone. Our financial performance this quarter again illustrates the benefit of our transformation to a company focused on Analog and Embedded Processing and our associated manufacturing strategy. We've discussed for sometime that the additional manufacturing assets that we acquired over the past 15 months would have minimal negative impact on TI's financials because of the low prices that we paid for this equipment.  In the fourth quarter, we ramped production at three new factories. RFAB, on 300mm Analog fab located in Richardson, Texas, the Aizu Japan fab that we acquired from Spansion Japan; and the Chengdu China fab that was previously operated by SMIC. As a result, this was the first all in quarter from a financial perspective and we are now depreciating all these acquired assets. While we're now carrying the full weight of this depreciation, loadings of TI products at these factories are still low given the early stages of our production ramp. These factories provide us with tremendous headroom for growth, more than $4.5 billion in total additional revenue. As we load them with TI analog products, the profit potential is significant.  As you might expect, TI factory utilization was down in the fourth quarter, impacting gross margin. This was only partly the result of new capacity additions. It is also due to our lowering of production loadings in our other factories in response to the weaker demand environment. In other words, we had three variables influencing gross margin in the quarter.  On the negative side, we had higher costs from new factories and we had lower utilization in our existing factories as the market slowed. On the positive side, we were able to make nice strides replenishing inventory for those products whose lead times had been extended for much of the past year, largely returning those products to move to normal lead times. Given these cross currents, we're pleased with how our gross margin performed in the quarter. In total, gross profit fell 8% sequentially and our gross margin declined 150 basis points to 53% of revenue.  Turning to our other financials, the combination of R&D and SG&A decreased $26 million in the third quarter. We had a gain on the sale of a product line of $144 million in the quarter. Operating profit for the quarter was $1.23 billion or 34.9% of revenue. Without the gain on sale, operating margin was 30.8% of revenue. Net income in the fourth quarter was $942 million or $0.78 per share. In the earnings per share calculation, please note that accounting rules require that we allocate a portion of net income to any unvested restricted stock units in which we pay dividend equivalents.  In the fourth quarter, the amount of net income excluded from the EPS calculation was $14 million. If you don't make this adjustment, you'll likely calculate EPS to be $0.01 higher than we have reported. As you'll note in the release, earnings per share included $0.14 from the combination of the gain on the sale of a product line and a tax benefit that was primarily associated with the restatement of the federal R&D tax credit that was retroactive back at the beginning of 2010. I'll leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release.  However, let me make just a few comments. Cash flow from operations was $1.23 billion. This was down $88 million in the last quarter, and up $230 million from a year ago. Capital expenditures declined to $301 million in the quarter and included additions to our assembly and test capacity, as well as our Analog wafer fab capacity. We used $600 million in the fourth quarter to repurchase 19.5 million shares of TI common stock and pay dividends of $153 million. We increased our inventory by $96 million in the quarter and inventory days to 83. With this inventory position, we have returned lead times to normal levels. Orders in the quarter declined to $3.13 billion. TI's book-to-bill ratio was 0.89 the quarter. Orders bottomed in the month of October, with November and December orders appreciably above that level.  Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.27 billion to $3.55 billion in the first quarter or down 7% to up 1% sequentially. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.54 to $0.62. Our estimate for 2011 R&D is $1.7 billion. 2011 capital expenditures and depreciation are expected to be about $900 million each. Our estimate for our 2011 effective tax rate is 30%. Please note that our estimates for 2011 depreciation is approximately the same as we had in 2010. As I described in October, the additional depreciation associated with our acquired manufacturing assets will be mostly offset by the roll off of depreciation from capital expenditures five years ago. Needless to say, even though our fixed cost in the form of depreciation will be essentially unchanged, our ability to grow and to respond to customer demand will be much higher.  Before I wrap up, I'm going to make some brief comments about 2010 overall. It was a good year for TI and our shareholders, with strong 34% revenue growth, gross margins have expanded 570 basis points to 53.6% of revenue and operating margins that moved up 1,320 basis points to 32.3% of revenues. We didn't just ride the rising tide of a growing semiconductor market. We believe we also gained significant market share overall, as well as in each of our core businesses. We've described to you for sometime the potential that we believe exists in a transformed TI and I believe 2010 provided a glimpse into that potential.  Our challenge going forward is to demonstrate that 2010 wasn't a one-off year. We must prove that we can continue to grow our Analog and Embedded Processing revenues significantly faster than those markets. We need to expand our wireless connectivity and applications to process server positions in the smartphone market, as well as in tablets. And we needed to continue to manage our Baseband business for maximum cash flow while it continues to become a smaller part of our company.  If we do these things right, our shareholders have also continued to benefit. For example, in 2010 alone, our Return On Invested Capital was 30.7% and we generated $3.82 billion of cash from operations. This allowed us to repurchase $2.5 billion of our stock and pay dividends of almost $600 million. Combined, these cash returns to our shareholders amounted to about 10% of our initial market capitalization when we entered the year. Key to all this is that our Analog and Embedded Processing products are highly differentiated and not dependent upon the latest manufacturing technologies. Therefore, our capital requirements are relatively low. High differentiation and low capital requirements allow us to be more profitable and we don't have to channel all of our profits back into the manufacturing operations. As a result, we expect to continue to be able to provide significant returns to our shareholders in the years ahead. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Tore Svanberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: You talked a little bit about the bookings trends in November and December. Could you just talk a little bit about what you've seen so far this quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: I won't break it down week by week, Tore but I will say that everything that we've seen both on the order front, as well as shipments or revenue has been strong thus far in the quarter. So we've seen nothing thus far that would discourage us at all from the outlook that we've provided.
Kevin March: Let me just add to that, if I can. Our backlog coming into the quarter was actually higher than we've seen from first quarter over the last few years, which gives further confidence to the outlook that we're providing.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And I realize you were to able to build a little bit of inventory in Q4. What's your inventory plan for the March quarter?
Kevin March: Specifically on the inventory plans per se, but we do expect to continue to build inventory on those parts that have high demand that we want to keep short lead times on. And clearly, the shape of the 2Q demand will dictate just how much inventory we try to position if we go through the quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: But keep in mind, Tore the other factor, even though we have a plan to build inventory, depending upon where we land in that revenue range, that could impact our inventory expectations or actuals as well.
Operator: We'll go next to Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Let me just start by off by asking in terms of where you've seen bookings improvement. So you called out the books, you also talked about LCD TV. I just want to understand whether you've also seen that from distributors as well? So if you are able to kind of walk through by end market, however you can just give us a sense of where bookings are coming from?
Ron Slaymaker: I guess I would say it is reasonably broad-based now. Again, the overall trend was down. But we specifically called out what we were seeing in PCs and some of the HDTV space because those were areas that in prior calls, we had noted that there was inventory correction underway in those areas were particularly weak. To hit on distribution, I think I said in the prepared remarks that our distribution resales were down about 4% sequentially. I think I noted that we were able to help distributors build a few days of inventory. But I would say their inventory levels are at very comfortable levels from an absolute standpoint. They're just over six weeks of inventory currently. And if you look at historical levels, we've seen them generally in the eight to nine weeks. Now, you probably need to adjust that for about 30% of our distribution revenue that we now support with consignment. But even with that adjustment, certainly inventories are at very, I'd call, normal or typical levels compared to history and at a comfortable level based on what the distributors are expecting in terms of their future resale demand.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Can I just ask you about OMAP 4? You've talked about a prospect for OMAP 4 but one wouldn't help but notice that your OMAP 3 was designed out from one of your large customers. I just want to kind of get a sense of how we should be confident about the prospects of OMAP 4, especially as you see more and more competition there, get more tablets based. Are there any comments you can make there? And also, just types to clarify your stance on the tablet market with OMAP 4.
Ron Slaymaker: Did you mention a specific competitor in the tablets space?
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: That's right. We've seen [indiscernible] get very aggressive. We've heard comments about how much share of gains within the tablet market. And that's been probably the one product; one of shipping now is tablets that we know. So I just want to see now what makes you comfortable about OMAP 4 prospects in the light of all the competitions resting in the system.
Ron Slaymaker: What makes us comfortable are the designs programs we have underway and design programs that are specifically slated to go into production. Let me just say these are not long-term development programs. These are programs that are going to result in relatively near-term revenue. The competitor you referred to, NVIDIA, to their credit, was the first out with a dual core applications processor. I believe they had a couple of months, maybe a quarter lead on our OMAP 4 product. OMAP 4 began sampling fourth quarter a year ago. So we've had that product in customers' hands for over a year at this point. We're well along in development program. And again, them being first for customers that are trying to get out with tablet programs, right away, especially some that are based upon the Android operating system, they're the player, they were the first player out so there is a natural alignment there. But I guess what I would say is we fully are comfortable that we will be there as these programs hit stride and ramp into real volume. I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are in volume production now with OMAP 4. And we're not just in production to put those products in inventories. In fact, we're shipping to a customer that plans to ramp their tablet production based on OMAP 4. So again, we've acknowledged for a long time the tablet market, as is the smartphone market will be a competitive market. But I think you're going to find that translates to great opportunity for TI across a variety of product areas.
Operator: We'll go next to Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: First question, this quarter is a little bit unusual from the standpoint of your competitors are saying different things about their own lead times. Some say they're all the way back down to normal, consistent with what you're saying. Others are suggesting their own lead times are still elevated. Do you have any sense that you can give us for sort of industry average with the combination of some competitors still being extended and others still being all the way back down?
Ron Slaymaker: Jim, I agree completely with what you're describing, that I actually think different competitors are at different points. I know even last week, I was listening to a call where a competitor, a very credible competitor was talking about their lead times have progressed but they still remain extended, we'll take more time. I think the best thing I can say about our own situation is I believe we got on top of the situation earlier in terms of capacity investments and we brought that capacity online. And that's what translated to lead time reduction for us. I think you can always have demand fix your lead times. If it turns down enough, I think if anything for us, this respite in demand we've had over the last couple of quarters really just allowed us to get the capacity investments that we have been making, get it online, get some inventory in place and get our lead times back to normal. I think the other thing that's going to be important is depending upon what happens with growth in our industry, in 2011. I think we feel completely comfortable with the headroom that we have on our capacity now that will allow us to grow quite aggressively, if that's what the market wants to do. And at the same time, maintain our lead times where we and our customers want them to be. I think you'll find if we get into some heady growth in 2011, a lot of our competitors that have not made capacity investments and maybe lead times have adjusted maybe more recently because of slower demand environment over the last quarter, I suspect you'll find them in a different situation with their lead time trends in that kind of environment.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: If I could ask specifically about how you feel that your position within power management in the tablet space? I know another one of your competitors have referenced the fact that they lost the socket, the power management socket, in the tablet and I know everybody's trying to figure out who potentially gained that socket and I wondered how well positioned you think you are in that space?
Ron Slaymaker: There's a broad question and there's an implied question. Let me answer the broad question, which is I think we are very well positioned in the tablet with our power management. And you know well, we're well-positioned overall in the marketplace with power management but certainly, tablets are a targeted area for us across a number of product lines just because that's a new emerging space with a lot of opportunities. In fact, maybe I can even diverge for a second and talk about that opportunity overall. I'll stay away from the implied question, which was... were we the player that picked up their lost socket? But I will say we're well-positioned and we think there's a lot of opportunity. Let me maybe just kind of walk through a little bit our view of the tablet opportunity for TI. I know there's a lot of dialogue amongst analysts and investors on how big is that opportunity and how does it compare to a PC. For us, we believe there's over $30 of content opportunity in a tablet. And that goes across Analog, OMAP and wireless connectivity. And kind of the break out of that is the Analog content alone is over $10. The OMAP content, the apps processor opportunity is in the $15 range and then there's probably an additional $3 to $5 of content opportunity for connectivity. By no means do we have all of that in each system. In some cases, we are playing on Analog and maybe not on OMAP. But certainly, that's the opportunity. If I compare that opportunity to a PC for TI, I'd say the biggest difference is that in a PC, the processor, as well as most of the connectivity value really is dominated by a single player. And that's not an opportunity for TI. Of course, unlike a tablet, a PC includes a hard disk drive where we would have probably $1 to $2 of content per system on average. But the net difference between that PC opportunity and a tablet really represents a very significant opportunity for TI. The breadth of our portfolio across Analog, OMAP and connectivity, I'll just say gives us a tremendous opportunity to carve out what could be a very, very significant piece of this important emerging market and we plan to make the most of it.
Operator: We'll go next to Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: On the gross margins, can you give us a flavor of the moving parts to go into Q1 and Q2 as it relates to your business and more particularly your utilization rates? Do you expect them to decline again in Q1?
Kevin March: Shawn, in the first quarter, I already mentioned that we felt the full effect of bringing three new factories online. So that clearly had an impact on us. The utilization in the fourth quarter was actually down quite a few points. And that wasn't all just attributable to the new factories. We consciously slowed down production in our remaining factories, with the exception of those products where we had extended lead times. We continue to build inventory on those products alone in order to get lead times back to normal. So, while we bring it on the new factories and define overall utilization, the weight in our margins in the fourth quarter. Going in the first quarter, we expect utilization maybe up another point or two, not significantly, but up a little bit and really will be a function of both how demand shapes up in the first quarter and more importantly, how our outlook begins to shape up for second quarter and beyond so we can have inventory ready on time to maintain the achievement we've had on bringing lead times in.
Ron Slaymaker: Just to ask and clarify Kevin, so the new factories that were being already accounted for in the fourth quarter for the most part, all the assets that we had previously acquired from Qimonda, Spansion and the China fab that was all in. There's not another chunk to come along in the first quarter, correct?
Kevin March: There's not another chunk to come along, it is all in. In fact one of the best ways you could see that is look on our cash flow statement and look at the depreciation line. You will see a step up from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. If you just multiply that times four, it's consistent with our $900 million depreciation we have for 2011.
Ron Slaymaker: So fourth quarter was already at the 2011 depreciation run rate.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: So on lead times, are there any other areas where your product lead times are still the tightest or are actually going out in Q1? And you mentioned your end markets that were good. Are there any specific end markets that are still soft or you expect the weakest sequential growth in Q1?
Kevin March: On lead times, the overwhelming majority of products are back to a normal lead time. There are still some exceptions but there always is in a normal industry cycle anyway. There are some parts where we'd prefer to have shorter lead times and some customers would prefer that also, but that now the minority of parts as opposed to the majority. Most of that is just fine. We expect now that we've gotten lead times largely caught up, we'll continue to use a relatively seasonal down period in the first quarter to make sure that we've got much more attractive lead times in the event that 2011 becomes a stronger year as Ron was talking about earlier so we can maintain what we've got in there.
Operator: We will go next to Chris Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So you mentioned that the inventory correction looks to be over in certain parts but maybe not over in other parts. Can you just talk about the various end markets and what stages you see them being at vis-a-vis, any sort of inventory issue? And I guess maybe throw in your expectations for the end markets this quarter and the rest of the year?
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, let me take a stab at it and Kevin may have a few comments to make. We're not going to be able to walk through market by market. I think what we have tried to do is identify in the few areas that we specifically have previously noted the inventory correction was the most significant. We've tried to provide some guidance or perspective that we think that inventory correction is largely complete. If you go more broadly, there are some customers that probably are totally clean. There are other customers that would not be in similar situation or still have more to go in terms of cleaning up inventory. And now, it will vary customer by customers, maybe somewhat market by market but probably more customer by customer. I don't know that we're really going to do us a lot of benefit to walk through each of those other than what you may gain from listening and talking to those customers directly as they report their own result.
Kevin March: I think that's right. Just to reemphasize on what Ron opened with though, the PC space we saw at least for our battery management products bottomed in the beginning of the fourth quarter and grew steadily through the balance of the quarter. TV space seemed to have bottomed out in the quarter. And indications from our customers that their inventories are largely cleared and we can expect resumptions of orders in the first quarter. We talked about communications infrastructure continuing to be solid in the quarter, automotive being recently solid. Smartphones are actually quite strong and with the adoption rates, consumer level around the world, one would expect that, that would probably be -- continue to be quite strong going into 2011. And then the industrial space, we had talked about 90 days ago that industrial had been enjoying quite a few quarters of very strong growth led by inventory replenishment, as well as just in demand growth and then we expected that, that growth rate will probably slow down in the fourth quarter and in fact, it did. It slowed down to just in demand kind of growth and we expect that to be the norm going forward.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So in 2010, your Analog, Embedded and other businesses all grew roughly the same within a few points of each other. Can you give us your sense of relative to your overall TI revenue growth, where you would expect those three product regions to grow?
Kevin March: Chris, I'll just remind you that our objective that we talked about is growing those core areas in their respective markets. And in fact, we did that this past year. They've done enough in a couple of years if you take a look at them. The total company grew at 34% and the core areas grew at 40% plus, a little over 40% for the non-baseband wireless, about 42% for Embedded processing and 43% for Analog. So, clearly very strong growth rates and a lot of momentum given the scale of sales force and the scale of the portfolio, plus more recently the scale of our manufacturing capabilities. Our ability to outgrow our competitors certainly seems to be more highly probable today than you might have thought a couple of years ago, especially in light of the observation that Ron made earlier. And that is, we did take action in late 2009 and especially 2010 to increase our manufacturing capacity, which allowed us to begin bringing our lead times in many cases before quite a few of our competitors could. Many of our competitors would not necessarily take similar actions and should we have a resumption of growth as we go into second quarter and beyond, it could be difficult for some of them to respond to customer demand, which increases the probability again that we will outgrow our marketplace in 2011.
Kevin March: And Chris, as I know you're well aware but just as a reminder for broader audience, there is Baseband revenue that will decline over the next couple of years. And that's 12% of our revenue both fourth quarter, as well as for the year. I found it interesting that even though it didn't contribute to company growth at an absolute level it held those dollars, Baseband dollars, held relatively stable from '09 to 2010. Yet, as a percentage of revenue, it continues to decline, it continues to I would say it as be less important to us and less impactful to us. So that will continue to wind down and certainly, not provide the growth contribution that the core areas will. And just to give you a sort of a refresh on the numbers, the baseband revenue is over 90%, 3G, this point, if you compare that to a year ago. It was 66% 3G. So what you've seen is both as the non-3G market has not shown a lot of growth and to some degree as our customers brought on alternative suppliers in the non-3G technologies, that is now a minimal part of our revenue base. Sometime this year, they'll have a supplier for 3G on Baseband. And you can expect at that time then, incursion or degradation in that 3G revenue for TI. But just stay in tune what their alternative suppliers and what that customer says as to the timing of when that will be. It's not right now, is what I would say.
Operator: We'll go next to Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: Ron or Kevin, maybe just a clarification from an earlier question but in a circumstance where we're kind of an average growth year call it a 5% to 10% for the industry, do you feel that the capacity you've added is going to be a competitive advantage? Or another way of asking the same question is do you think of the industry absent your capacity is going to be relatively tight and really by adding capacity the way you have, you can therefore take market share? And that's sort of in an average growth curve?
Kevin March: Glen, if we just kind of take a look again at the capacity of the industry, you're well aware that with the onset of the downturn after the third quarter of '08, something in the order of 17% of available capacity was taken off-line and pretty much permanently off-line. Since then, there's been some capacity added but the last reports I saw suggested that total industry capacity, and I'm not including memory in that statement is somewhere around 90% of where it was in the third quarter of '08. I would just say that we're still under capacitized given demand if you will because the total market is now back above where it was in third quarter '08. So even if you just have an average kind of growth rate like you're describing, it would certainly seem that the market is going to be very stressed on capacity going into 2011 and competitors who have not thought ahead to put capacity in place and they find that rather difficult to deal with. What we find particularly attractive again is that the capacity that we have brought online has been at price points, cost points that we simply have not seen in the past. So if it turns out to be a slow growth year, it's not going to have much impact financially on a negative standpoint. If it turns out to be or strong growth year, we should be able to convert that into very profitable revenue at a rate beyond what our competitors can manage.
Ron Slaymaker: And Glen, I'll just also note rhetorically, when was the last time our industry has growth at an average growth rate? Usually, it's very aggressive or in decline, you know that as well as any of us.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: You talk about OMAP 4, which is a dual core solution today. Can you talk about your plans if you have any for a quad core solution and as part of that, can you address whether or not you think that's even a relevant architecture to have in today's market?
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know. I think if you look at the one, call it the next-generation core, I don't think we specifically announced that we're using it for OMAP. But then again maybe we did. We've licensed in fact, I think we were the initial licensee from ARM for their Eagle Core. So I don't know that necessarily we go a key player in additional parallel courses as maybe moved to higher performance directions such as Eagle. But I guess we always have that flexibility.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: I'm not sure if you discussed it but can you talk about if your mix of Analog between high-volume, power and high-performance remain roughly the same, percentage wise, as you sort of discussed in the past?
Ron Slaymaker: Steve, it actually has. When we looked at how 2010 landed overall versus 2009, you might recall in 2009, we've described that breakout, 40% HVAL and then 30% each High Performance Analog and Power. And the good news is and frankly, what we had tried to set as expectations was we thought we were at a point where we would have HVAL contributing at about the same pace as those others. So that makes an impact, that happens and the mix did not change 2010 compared to 2009. So again, further reinforcement of a lot of the work that we have done to have HVAL become a major contributor to our growth in fact has followed through to reality.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: With regard to HVAL, as you mentioned, you put a lot of work into that. I know you have a number of wins. You've taken some technology transferred to other areas. Does that suggest as we go through 2011, HVAL will now perhaps outgrow the other categories?
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know that we would expect it to outgrow the other categories. I think our expectations, and this is not a 2011 statement, it's a longer-term statement, our expectation is that the opportunity and our growth should be pretty well balanced across power, HPA and HVAL. So that's probably as specific as I'd like to be at this point.
Operator: We'll go next to Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Kind of a question that followed on from Chris' question earlier, rather than by end market, if you talked about your better than seasonal guide by the four product segments you have, are there any big outliers in what's being better than seasonal, worse than seasonal or right at seasonal?
Kevin March: Ross, I don't think there's anything really specific to point at. Part of it is that we had a slightly below seasonal fourth quarter and so that's down looks the other way when you go into first quarter. But again beyond that what we had dragging on us was that PC and consumer space and with the TV space in the fourth quarter. As we indicated, we now are seeing PC begin to pick back up and indications from our TV customers is that the TV, people that we supply, is that we would expect to see a resumption of orders in the first quarter. Beyond that, there's not any one place that I would additional color to.
Ron Slaymaker: And Ross, as you understand probably, we try not to take our forecast or outlook and break it down by individual segments or product lines. But we probably will -- probably serve us well to stay with that approach.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: The TV and PC together, what that represents as a percentage of sales? Then the real follow up, on OpEx, it dropped nicely in the fourth quarter. I know you give full-year guidance to R&D, but what are the puts and takes for OpEx in the first quarter specifically?
Kevin March: Ross, the OpEx was down in the fourth quarter and that's fairly typical where we see people taking more vacation time and so on. So you'll tend to see OpEx decline, which it did nicely. We would expect in the first quarter, OpEx to increase. A good is to look back at last year. Last year's fourth quarter, our OpEx was up around $30 million quarter-over-quarter and that was a direct effect of the increase that we typically put into place in the first quarter, as well as just far fewer vacation days in the quarter. So again, we'd expect to see a similar up on a quarter-to-quarter basis to what we saw a year ago. In addition to that, you might note that I did give R&D guidance as being up a little bit from what we spent this past year and that will start immediately in the first quarter. So I would expect it to be up OpEx in the first quarter at a faster growth rate than what we saw in the year-ago quarter, again on the function of paying benefit increases, fewer vacation days and stepped up spending on R&D.
Ron Slaymaker: For your question it's a mix of revenue, that is TV and PCs, you're going to get a bonus answer and I'm going to breakout our revenue overall by market. This is for 2010 as a whole. Communications was 42% of revenue, and that's down a few points from 2009. And I'll also note the biggest piece inside of communications is communications infrastructure. Computer was 22% of 2010 revenue, down a point from '09. Let me break that 22% out because it goes across several different areas. PCs actually is about 9%. That's what we sell directly into PC manufacturers. Beyond that, we also have sell into storage manufacturers both in terms of hard disk drives, as well as optical. That's about 6% of revenue. Servers is 1%. Monitors are 4%. And really think of that as DLP front projector revenue. And then printers are 2%. And then continuing at the TI level, industrial is 14% of revenue or was 14% last year. And that's up a few points from 2009. Consumer was 11% and that's unchanged from '09. And inside of that, Ross is the TV number, but I don't have a specific breakout for television. Automotive last year was 8%, up a couple of points from '09. And then education, which is really our calculator product, was 3% in 2010, down one point from 2009.
Operator: We'll go next to Tim Luke with Barclays Capital.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: Maybe from the fourth quarter and as you look at the first calendar quarter guidance, could you give us, Kevin, any feel for the contribution from the revenues associated with the factory service deals that you have in China or in Japan? And separately, rather in the vein of Ross' question on the OpEx side, in seeing a somewhat lower gross margin in the calendar fourth quarter, could you give us some feel for what some of the puts and takes might be in what appears to be a slightly lower gross margin for the first quarter?
Kevin March: Tim, on the revenue from the Transition Services Agreement, we've focused in the past and still hold forecast that we expect those revenues to be less than 1% of our 2011 overall revenues. And we won't break it down any more than that or by quarters anymore than that. I would just put a little bit more color on that, remind you that with the Chengdu fab, as we disclosed, that transition service agreement will run for three or four quarters before it winds down. And with the Spansion fab, that transition services agreement will run for up to two years and winding down during the course of that period. But overall, revenue is expected to be less than 1% of our 2011 revenue.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: Is the contribution Kevin fairly similar in the fourth quarter and the first quarter? Or is that helping, to some extent, with the slightly better than seasonal guidance?
Kevin March: It will be fairly similar quarter-over-quarter. Fourth quarter versus the first all in quarter for all three of those factories, specifically those who are doing the transition services agreement on. So, first quarter should be offset. And your second question Tim on OpEx?
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: More on gross margins puts and takes as we begin the year.
Kevin March: You indicated you felt maybe gross margin might be a little different in the first quarter. I would remind you that we do expect utilization to be up a little bit in the first quarter. I'm not quite sure how you're putting that into your model, but do make sure that you've got the OpEx properly accounted for on 4Q going into 1Q. That is it was up $30 million a year ago. It should be up more than that this quarter because we're stepping up our R&D. Also, don't forget that should just stock dividend equivalent adjustment that we have to make on our earnings per share. We need to make a similar adjustment when you do your model so you get back to what you think is the target GPM percent of course.
Operator: We'll go next to Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research: The orders down 9% this quarter, revenue guidance down about 3%. Is that mismatch strictly because of the order linearity in the quarter? And can you give me some feeling I guess if October or is it a little bit more normal might those two numbers, orders and revenue guidance been more closely matched?
Kevin March: What we really see in there, Stacy, is as lead times came in, as they started coming in the third quarter, we already began to see our book to bill fall below one, which is really quite normal. So, customers who may have been putting six months backlog on us, as we began to move the lead time in, didn't have to give us backlog orders as far out in time. Frankly, they could go for a few weeks or even a couple of months without putting new orders on and still have the backlog coverage they want. So we saw that sort of phenomena going on in the third quarter and fourth quarter. And it's quite normal and was quite expected. The other thing that we did see, that gives again reassurance as to the outlook that we provided for the first quarter is that we had a backlog coverage going into first quarter that frankly was higher than we've seen for a number of years. That's consistent I think with what we've been talking about, the markets, the major markets of PC and TVs we talked about, pretty much cleared their inventory in the fourth quarter and were beginning to see kind of a normal order pattern beginning to show up as we came into late fourth quarter and currently as we move further into the first quarter as well.
Ron Slaymaker: I would add maybe two other things, Stacy. Again, it's not new but just reiterating what we said. Our views of the corrections and adjustments to customer inventories and where they are in that progress is part of the reason. Another reason is, maybe the last reason would be that just what we've seen quarter to date in terms of strength, both in terms of orders and revenues play into that confidence as well.
Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research: Regarding the R&D guidance, can you give us some feeling for where you're investing the incremental spend in terms of the specific types of projects or areas?
Kevin March: It's going to be across the core area, Stacy, of Analog, Embedded Processing and the non-baseband portion of wireless. But I would just say that given the size, Analog will get most of those dollars. And then you'll get a distribution of that into the Embedded Processing next and the remainder, the growth will go into the non-baseband portion of wireless. But it's all in the core product areas. It is not in other areas.
Operator: We'll take our final question from John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: Just a follow-up to an earlier question, on the $435 million, which is baseband, how do we think we should model that? It sounds like no incremental suppliers to your big customers until mid-year. And so, flattish first half and then a decline. How should we think about that?
Ron Slaymaker: John, you've heard us say before that if you straight line from where we are today down to zero in the first quarter '13, the only thing we can tell you is that'll be wrong. You'll have some quarters above; you'll have some quarters below. I know qualitatively, I've tried to describe that most of that revenue is 3G and until they have a 3G player ready to start supplying that revenues, well, I won't say it's stable, but it will move with our customers' own business levels. But we've kind of given up forecasting when they're going to have a specific alternative supplier on board. I'm going to shift that risk to you as the analysts now. But you at least know that our mix of 3G to be able to base that on.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: If you look over the last decade, you guys have always done a good job growing R&D slower than you grow revenue, and I know you're not going to him to easily back into a revenue guidance for the year but when you look at the R&D guidance up over 8% for the year, is there something unusual about this year that is a structurally high investment year? Or when we think about the core business x Baseband, is that leverage that you guys have been able to show in the past still applicable?
Kevin March: I don't know what your revenue assumption is John but it sounds pessimistic. You said R&D up...
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: Is there anything that you see in the R&D for this year specifically which would drive R&D growth faster than revenue growth?
Kevin March: No.
Ron Slaymaker: Overall, thank you. As we wrap up, thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website, and good evening.
Operator: And again, that does conclude today's call. We do appreciate everyone's participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin March - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Ron Slaymaker - IR
Analysts: James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Ramesh Misra - C.E. Unterberg, Towbin Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Texas Instruments Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at www.ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for December 7. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. In today's call, we'll describe how TI's strategic position in our core businesses of Analog, Embedded Processing and smartphone chips continues to strengthen. We'll discuss our manufacturing strategy and recent additions that we have made to our analog capacity. We'll also provide our perspective of the near-term demand environment. Revenue in the third quarter generally tracked closely with our initial expectations in the quarter. In July, the middle of our guidance range projected about 6% sequential revenue growth. We held that level with our September update and in the end, we delivered 7% growth. Although our results are good, demand is a bit of a mixed bag. The industrial market was strong for us in the third quarter as it continued a cyclical recovery. We believe this market has now recovered and, therefore, we expect industrial growth will be somewhat less robust in the fourth quarter. In communications, wireless infrastructure was strong as operators continue to expand capacity to support increased data traffic. Accordingly, demand for chips that we sell into smartphones was also strong in the quarter. As we said at our September update, we saw a notable slowing in demand for products that we shipped into the PC market during the third quarter. We expect demand from our PC customers to remain subdued in the fourth quarter. Similarly, some of the consumer-related markets, such as televisions, also slowed in the third quarter, and we expect these trends to continue through the current quarter. The increase in TI revenue was driven by growth across all of our segments. Analog revenue grew 5% sequentially and 35% from a year ago. Sequentially, Analog revenue was up most in High-Performance Analog, where we have higher industrial exposure. High-Volume Analog & Logic and Power Management products both grew, although to a lesser extent, with their exposure to the computing and consumer markets. From a year ago, all three product areas contributed to growth about the same and all contributed to TI's market share expansion in Analog. Embedded Processing grew rapidly again this quarter. This partly reflects its exposure to markets that performed well, including industrial and communications infrastructure. It also reflects continued market share gains for TI and the strategic importance of Embedded Processing to our company. Sequentially, Embedded Processing grew 12% with both communications infrastructure and catalog products contributing about equally to this growth. Catalog products include both digital signal processors and microcontrollers. From a year ago, Embedded Processing grew 47% with catalog product being the biggest factor in the growth. Wireless revenue grew 6% sequentially and 11% from a year ago. Collectively, products targeting the smartphone market, both being connectivity products and OMAP applications processors, grew 6% sequentially and 37% from a year ago. These are the Wireless products that we're investing in for growth. We've had tremendous design-in success especially with our latest generations of OMAP applications processors across a range of smartphones and tablets, and we look forward to solid growth as our customers' new product transition into volume production. Baseband product revenue was $438 million in the quarter and grew 5% sequentially and declined 3% from a year ago. Our Other segment revenue grew 10% sequentially, driven by custom ASIC products, DLP products and calculators. From a year ago, this revenue was up 29%, with growth from DLP products and custom ASIC products being the biggest factors. Distribution resales were up 8% sequentially in the quarter, about the same as TI revenue overall. We were able to help distributors build a few days of inventory in the third quarter. We're comfortable that their inventory is appropriate relative to current levels of demand and to historical metrics. Now Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. Our financial performance this quarter underscores the benefit of our transformation to a company focused on Analog and Embedded Processing. Gross profit increased 8% sequentially and our gross margin moved up another 30 basis points to 54.5% of revenue. The combination of R&D and SG&A increased $38 million from the second quarter with most of the increase in R&D, especially for our core businesses. Operating profit for the quarter was $1.23 billion, an increase of 11% from last quarter as we once again pushed the bar higher from last quarter's record high. Operating margin in the third quarter was 32.8% of revenue. Net income in the third quarter was $859 million or $0.71 per share. In the EPS calculation, please note that accounting rules require that we allocate a portion of net income to any unvested restricted stock units that receive dividends. In the third quarter, the amount of net income excluded from the EPS calculation was $13 million. If you don't make this adjustment, you'll likely calculate EPS to be $0.01 higher than we have recorded. I'll leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for your review in the release. However, let me make just a few comments. Cash flow from operations was $1.32 billion. This was up $756 million from the last quarter and up $484 million from a year ago. Capital expenditures increased to $396 million in the quarter and include additions to our assembly and test capacity as well as our Analog wafer fab capacity. In July, we announced that we had purchased additional 200-millimeter fab and 300-millimeter equipment as part of Spansion-Japan's bankruptcy proceeding. This purchase closed on schedule at the end of August, and we are now porting TI's Analog process technology into that fab. Earlier this month, we announced that we also acquired our first wafer fab in China. This 200-millimeter operational fab was also purchased at a substantial discount and will support our growth strategy for Analog in the years ahead. With these acquisitions, we believe we are very well positioned with wafer fab capacity to support our intermediate-term growth plans. Return on invested capital in the quarter moved up to 34%. Our strategy is to drive significant growth while also generating higher returns our investments. Having purchased manufacturing assets that have long productive lives and purchasing those assets opportunistically at low prices is an important part of the strategy. We used $600 million in the quarter to repurchase 24 million shares of TI common stock and paid dividends of $143 million in the quarter. We increased our inventory by $75 million in the quarter while lowering inventory days by one day to 75. Our lead times have continued to decline as we bring additional manufacturing capacity online and get better positioned with inventory. Orders in the quarter declined to $3.43 billion. TI's book-to-bill ratio was 0.92 in the quarter. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.36 billion to $3.64 billion in the fourth quarter or down 10% to down 3% sequentially. Part of the decline will be associated with the normal seasonal decline in calculators following back-to-school as well as seasonality in semiconductors. Depending on where we land in this range, revenue could come in a little below normal seasonality due to the impact of continued subdued demand from our computing and consumer customers. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.59 to $0.67. Our estimate for 2010 R&D now rounds up to $1.6 billion. Our estimates for 2010 depreciation, capital expenditures and the annual tax rate are unchanged. In summary, we continue to execute on a strategy that is focused on significant expansion of our market position in the Analog and Embedded Processing markets, as well as the strong growth resulting from increasing demand for smartphone chips. These are all large, diverse markets that provide us an excellent opportunity for long-term growth. Combining the financial returns of these markets with growth that is significantly above market rates will deliver an earnings model that we believe will be attractive to long-term shareholders. We are also maintaining a strong discipline on capital and spending levels. If we find great opportunities for investment, we have a strong balance sheet and have resolved to move aggressively to pursue them, such as you've seen us do with the manufacturing assets that we've purchased over the past year. If we're generating cash beyond the needs of the business, we're proud to return it to our shareholders through share buybacks and increased dividends. For example, since the end of 2004, we've lowered our shares outstanding by 32%. This means that all else being equal, our shareholders are now getting 47% more earnings per share than they would have had we not done these repurchases. And in September, we announced our board authorized an additional $7.5 billion in repurchases or about 25% of our recent market capitalization and another dividend increase. We're confident that continuing to tune our business to generate higher growth and earnings while also maintaining a capital model that lower our shares outstanding will be a good combination in the years ahead. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Danely of JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just to clarify, you continue to expect the lead times to normalize by the end of this quarter?
Kevin March: Chris, lead times did come in, in the third quarter, and we expect them to continue to come in, in fourth quarter. And if all goes well, then as we enter next year, we should have lead times back to normal.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then as my follow-up, it seems like the PC and the consumer end markets are below normal. Is everything else roughly normal? Or is anything above normal?
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, I would say probably -- is this a fourth quarter question? I guess what I would say is you're right. Those are the areas that would be below kind of the normal run rate. Probably the one area I would say that continues to be strong is comms infrastructure. Handsets, since we only have one customer there really, I don't want to provide any specific commentary. Industrial, I would say probably the best description there is that it's normalizing. It's transitioning from third quarter, which is really an extension of the first three quarters this year, where it has been growing pretty rapidly due to that cyclical recovery. But I would say fourth quarter would represent more normalizing to probably a more typical seasonal pattern from industrial. So you did identify really the two areas that we would call out as being weaker. Those being computing and parts of the consumer markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glen Yeung of Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: Ron or Kevin, it just doesn't feel like this cycle is as dramatic as maybe we've seen other cycles in the past. At least, that's my perception. I wonder one, if you agree with that. Two, when do you think that inventory issue might be over and what are the clues that you have that suggest that to you, if that's in fact what you see?
Kevin March: Glen, I think your perception probably is shared by us. That is that the adjustment that we're seeing underway are starting now is probably more focused and not broad-based and is probably generally pretty mild. If you look in the past, when you look at book-to-bills, typically, if we get to four, five, six quarters of positive book-to-bills and followed by a couple of quarters of negative or near one book-to-bills, I would typically suggest that maybe a couple of quarters from an adjustment phase before we have a resumption of demand. In the PC and consumer space, as we've discussed here, we saw demand soften up in that quarter, so we're probably halfway through our first quarter on that. And so if we take a look out, it would be, from our view, reasonable to assume that we get through this adjustment process over the next quarter or two, and then we see a resumption of overall end market demand.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: There's a press release just a little while ago about ZTE spending a bit of money. You guys are named as one of the people with whom they'd be spending. I wondered if you could just shed any light on that particular announcement and help us to understand whether or not this is something that's new with these guys, with ZTE, and if there are any material elements of the contracts we should know about.
Ron Slaymaker: Glen, I guess I probably don't have a lot to say. I'd refer you to ZTE in terms of anything they may want to offer. But we've had a strong presence in China overall, and we've had a relationship specifically with ZTE for many years. So I think this is just an extension of a lot of good things that had been happening for TI for some time and our growing momentum in that market, which is one that we see is going to be especially important for TI in the years to come. But beyond that, I really don't have anything specific to say about that one specifically.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra of Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: The ramping capacity you're putting in place implies a lot of market share gains over the next couple of years. What's your pricing outlook for Analog with regards to that strategy and also in lieu of the current weakness that we're seeing in some end markets probably at the low end?
Kevin March: Tristan, I don't think that the capacity that we're adding necessarily has any bearing on our pricing outlook per se. But capacity, you may recall, that we began over a year ago with the acquisition of equipment from Qimonda, who was in bankruptcy at the time, to begin to put 300-millimeter equipment into our fab, our Richardson fab. We went through a second phase on that with another location they had in Dresden where we purchased equipment to complete Phase II in RFAB. In addition last quarter, we announced acquiring Spansion of Japan out of bankruptcy. And this past month, we announced our first manufacturing acquisition for manufacturing plant in China. To put in perspective where we're at in those acquisitions right now, the RFAB qualified its first products this quarter, and we do expect to ship our first revenue-generating wafers out of that factory this quarter. It will ramp up consistent with demand. As Spansion is concerned, the one we acquired in Japan, we expect to have our first wafers out of that factory by the end of this quarter as we ported one of our processes into that factory. And with the Chengdu factory in China, in fact, we had already been using that factory as a foundry for some of our HVAL products, and we will be porting additional products into that factory over the next couple of quarters. So we would expect those factories to ramp up fairly slowly on our products consistent with whatever we see in demand. In the meantime, those two factories, the one in Japan and the one in China, in both cases, we have transitional service agreements with the sellers, whereby we are selling them some products out of those factories that, to a large extent, will offset our operating costs as we bring up our own process technologies in those factories.
Ron Slaymaker: So Tristan, I guess the only thing I would add is if you think about what Kevin said, I mean, even with RFAB or we're moving into production this quarter, as of now, we have one product qualified and moving into production. So really, if you think about the timing of that as well as the other two factories and you compare that to what Kevin said previously about this period of market weakness, our view is going to be relatively short-lived and mild. Those factories ramping really are probably coming on more online on the other side of this period of weakness as opposed to a lot of market weakness is underway.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: How do you expect resales to track in Q4 versus sales that you mentioned that your inventory level in the channel were at normal levels? Was it fair to assume that you don't expect any type of adjustments for this coming quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: Tristan, I probably -- I guess as I'll stick with our normal practice which is we don't try to forecast resales in the out quarter. I mean, probably the best I can do is point out that if you look in the prior quarter, the third quarter, resales generally tracked very closely with TI's own revenue trends, but I don't have a specific projection for you on resales in Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Snyder of Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Ron, thinking about 300-millimeter here and where we are on this kind in the whole cycle, you've got things moderating a bit. Industrial seems like it's peaked out. Am I taking it correctly in saying it's not necessarily slowing down, it's just not going to grow as fast as we have seen over the last several quarters or so?
Ron Slaymaker: I think you have it right. It is slowing down but the comparison is to a cyclical recovery, so it's moving more to seasonal patterns. It's not expected to go through a -- at this point, we don't see a correction per se. We just see it moving to a more normalized seasonal patterns.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: So if we've got things returning to normal, you're bringing up 300-millimeter, it sounds like pricing remains firm. You've had a nice ramp of margin improvement here. Why shouldn't we expect say through next year that margins will continue to improve as your cost base drives down. It doesn't sound like we're in a downward cycle with demand and yet your costs have got to be starting to drop, especially if you bring up this new fabs cost operating costs in terms of the agreements you've gained with the people you're buying them from.
Kevin March: Edward, clearly bringing on these factories, at these kind of cost profiles, certainly is a favorable outlook for our overall margins. Importantly, as Analog and Embedded Processing become a bigger portion of our overall portfolio, that also will give us more tailwind on our margins. But the fact of the matter is we're not really focusing on trying to improve our margins so much as we are focusing a lot more on trying to improve our top line growth. You've heard us talking for a number of quarters now about having a growth objective, whereby we are considerably outgrowing our markets and gaining market share from our customers. And that's really where all our energy and focus is at. That doesn't mean that we will not let margins fall through as they produce themselves, but that's not what we're aiming at and that's not the purpose of the acquisition of those factories. The purpose of the acquisitions of those factories is really to support the top line growth. And happily, those factories came to us at very inexpensive costs.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Just as a clarification, then. If it comes down between you're not getting the top line growth that you're after and your margins are at record levels, we would be reasonable to assume that the margins will be capped and maybe a little more aggressive pricing profile so that you can build the top line?
Kevin March: I don't think I'd make any assumptions, Edward. I think that we don't set the prices. The markets set the prices, and we can't anticipate how competitors will respond to customer demands. What we're really focused on is making sure that we have adequate capacity to grow as rapidly as we can, as our customers will accept our products. But to infer that, that would lead us to a pricing decision would be an incorrect conclusion, because frankly, prices are set competitively, not unilaterally in our space.
Ron Slaymaker: And as you've heard us say for some period but for the broader audience, especially in Analog, pricing is determined more based on the quality of the product, the specifications of the product, the performance levels of the product, and you have to be competitive on pricing. But that's not how you win business. You win business based upon the quality and performance levels of the product. And so even in a weaker market environment or if growth is not producing the levels that we expect, you don't change that fundamental dynamic by changing your prices. Changing prices or lowering prices below market just leaves the money on the table. It does not result in incremental revenue for the vast majority of our product lines. There's a small part of our product line that represents less than 5% of our revenue that would be considered commodity type products that is price-elastic, but again, that's a net relative to, I think, the broader product portfolio.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ramesh Misra from Brigantine Advisors.
Ramesh Misra - C.E. Unterberg, Towbin: My first question is in regards to your capital spending. So you've been very opportunistic over the last 12 to 18 months, but it sounds like you're still looking for opportunities here? And if you found inexpensive fab, you'd still be expanding capacity. So at what point would that stop?
Kevin March: Ramesh, what I have indicated to in my opening remarks was that we believe that we have acquired enough capacity to meet our intermediate-term growth objectives. So we're pretty satisfied with what we've got so far. Now that's not to say that if we continue to find some of those factories at price points that frankly are unheard of in our time in this industry that we may not consider them for acquisition. But our focus now is on bringing these factories up that we have and bringing price up in the production, getting ready for what we believe will be a resumption of growth in the industry in the next couple of quarters.
Ron Slaymaker: I think Kevin was just saying in general, we look for investment opportunities that make sense for our business that could be smaller acquisitions or that could be the capital equipment that you've seen us. But probably the former would be the priority.
Ramesh Misra - C.E. Unterberg, Towbin: In your Other segment, did you see weakness in the consumer-oriented parts of it as well such as calculators? In other words, was your strength in the Other segment driven predominantly by your custom ASICs?
Ron Slaymaker: It wasn't. I don't want to say predominantly. We actually saw calculators increase sequentially from the second quarter to third quarter but that's just seasonal. Back-to-school usually peaks in the third quarter for us, and third quarter typically increases somewhat beyond second quarter. The biggest area of sequential strength in that Other segment was in custom ASIC. I would probably know the couple of areas inside of that. One is we do have a significant part of our custom ASIC business that goes in the communications infrastructure, both wireless PlayStations as well as the enterprise side and both increased sequentially in the quarter. And then we also sell custom ASIC products. This is kind of more one off but for touchscreen controllers going into smartphones that's also did nicely for us in the quarter. So that's a little bit of insight into the custom ASIC. The other area that we mentioned was DLP. DLP is still being dominated in terms of that revenue base by front projector business, and it continues to be a nice business and it's even have shown some recent growth for us, so no real change on that front though.
Operator: And our next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Ron, can I just ask you, within the Edge file business, you talked about weakness in computing and consumer products. How was that stabilizing now in terms of booking strength? And within that also, can you talk about whether you have any position in the tablet markets and what that will mean for TI?
Ron Slaymaker: I think if you look at HVAL, you are right. There's probably there, the computing tie is more through products that go into hard disk drives. Our Power Product line in Analog also sells into PCs, some of the Power Management products, but HVAL is probably more through hard disk drives and storage products. I think your description of that -- well, I'll just say we expect that it will continue to be, what I said before, demand will continue kind of the current trends that we saw in the third quarter of slowing going into the fourth quarter as well. HVAL also sells into a range of other products such as smartphones. Some of the Power Management areas in smartphones, they sell into some video gaming on the consumer side. And even though we've said consumer televisions are weak, there were other areas such as video gaming on the consumer side, and that actually did reasonably well for us in the third quarter. And I'm trying to think if there are other areas of notable to mention. Those are probably the ones I would tie. Yes, maybe a final one would just be infrastructure. It sells into some of that communications and wireless infrastructure as well, and of course, that's almost anything that's touching infrastructure for us that would be, I guess, on both the HVAL side but then also some of the HPA products tie into comms infrastructure as well. And as I said, anything that we have selling into infrastructure whether it was the ASIC products I've mentioned, the Embedded Processing products or some of these Analog products have done well. And we would expect to continue doing well into the fourth quarter.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: We've talked about tablets. We've seen some strengths in tablets markets. And my question here is how does that impact TI across the board, one would obviously expects gains for the OMAP business, but I would like to get a sense of your focus there and your positioning in some of the upcoming tablets? And then how that cuts across other segments of your business through -- we talked about HDD. Obviously, tablets are going to cannibalize the PC. What would be impact of that on TI? Or do you have a commensurate gain also on tablets offset in the weakness there? So any comments you can make as what it means for TI across with your OMAP business?
Ron Slaymaker: So I would say we saw a lot of -- I guess I would describe it as principally various Analog products, for example, Power Products that go into tablets. We saw strength in those areas as you might guess in the third quarter. That strength was not -- even though it's a nice growing business and offset some of the weakness that we saw along on the PC front or the notebook front, it wasn't the PC exposure these days just because of the relative size of that market, of course. It's higher for us. We'll see how that changes over time. But those tend to be some of the more -- those type of products tend to be a little less visible, I guess you might say. I know I see all the various tear downs and they try to describe who has this processor or that processor. Products like Power tend to run under the radar. A couple of other areas I would mention the audio amplifiers, some of the connectivity products, certainly, there's opportunity in tablets. And then, as I previously mentioned clearly, OMAP as the main processor to handle some of both the applications, the graphics, et cetera, certainly, is a great opportunity. But the opportunity goes well beyond OMAP, and we're already benefiting even in third quarter from the growth of tablets, and we expect that to just broaden as products like OMAP transition into production in that space.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shawn Webster of Macquarie Capital.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: On the factories, is what you're spending for the factories in China and Japan part of your capital expenditure budget? And then can you add some color on, you said you were getting some revenues from some of these factory agreements? Can you quantify that? So how much that's contributing into Q4?
Kevin March: Shawn, the factories, some portion of those acquisitions are in capital and some portion of those acquisitions are being accounted for as an acquisition of the business. In fact, you could see that on the cash flow statement with our earnings release. For example, on the Japan acquisition, we used net of about $130 million acquiring all of those assets and about $59 million of that is for an acquisition of the business in the balance acquisition that goes through CapEx. With the acquisition in Chengdu, we will initially used about $140 million in acquired net asset. And most of that will probably through the acquisition of the business. The remaining $35 million or so will be earned out on the acquisition over the course of next year. So it's a bit of a mix. Some of it's going through CapEx and some of it is acquisition of a business. As far as the revenue that we expect, we anticipate that the revenue that we will get through those transition service agreements will be less than 1% of TI's revenue. And by and large, what that will wind up doing is absorbing the cost of those factories during the period that we are bringing up our own process technologies and tie those factories.
Ron Slaymaker: So transitionally, I guess the other way that we tend to look at this, yes, there will be a little bit of benefit as we have some of that revenue in Q4 that we did not have in Q3. But at the same time, I'll remind you that we also are selling our cable modem business, and we expect that transaction to close in Q4. And for the most part, what we lose in Q4 transitionally on cable modem will be about the same amount that we will gain through some of these transitional supply agreements.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: Maybe just on gross margins and utilization rates, can you give us I guess your view on the puts and takes for gross margins going into Q4 and maybe into the first half? And also, can you share with us what your utilization rate trends were in terms of are they higher in Q3, lower in your expectations for Q4?
Kevin March: Shawn, we haven't publicized our utilization rates in a while but that would just leave it to say it that they were relatively flat for the last couple of quarters, and with the increasing capacity coming online and our expectation of decline in revenues going into the fourth quarter, we expect our utilization probably to drop a little bit, but I don't think there's going to be any material impact especially given the cost of the capacity we brought online. We don't give a GPM forecast. We just give a revenue and earnings per share forecast. And I think I'll just leave it at that for now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Srini Pajjuri of CLSA.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Ron, on the distributors growing inventory a little bit, I'm just wondering, given that demand is weakening on the margin and also you're heading into a seasonally weaker period, why would the distributors be building inventory? Is it because there is some pockets of strength? Or is it because some regions needed more inventory if you describe then?
Ron Slaymaker: I think it's because they needed more inventory in certain product lines and certain areas. I mean, keep in mind, lead times have been extended and supply has been constrained for some period. And even though we've made progress, lead times are still, as Kevin pointed out earlier, extended beyond where we really want them as of right now. And so I think, as things have loosened up a little bit, we and the distributors took advantage of that in the third quarter to put in place some inventory that they really had been trying to get in place for some time.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Kevin, on the gross margin, just wondering about as we head into the first half which is seasonally somewhat softer, besides the utilization coming down maybe a bit, should we expect any incremental depreciation from some of the new acquisitions?
Kevin March: Srini, there will be some incremental depreciation. And in fact, with the qualification of RFAB this quarter, we expect to see depreciation going up a little bit in the fourth quarter. But I would remind you also that there's a natural roll-off that goes on. So while depreciation may be up for a couple of quarters, I expect it will come back down as we move into next year. In fact, if you just kind of step back and take a look at the broader picture, you may recall that we depreciate on a five-year straight-line basis. If you go back to 2005 and look at our capital expenditures back then, it was about $1.330 billion if I recall. And that's beginning to roll off and will roll off over the next couple of quarters. Our CapEx forecast for this year is $1.2 billion. And I mentioned earlier that some of those acquisitions are going through acquisition of the business. So if you add it all together and we're probably talking about $1.4 billion or so of assets that we're acquiring this year that will be depreciated. So to a large extent, what's rolling off will be replaced with the acquisitions that we've made in 2000 and plan to make here in 2010. And so year-over-year, we don't expect our depreciation to change all that much. We'll be able to give a more precise outlook on that after we close the fourth quarter. But for some early planning and for trying to figure out what depreciation might do for GPM, that may help frame that for you a little bit.
Ron Slaymaker: So, Kevin, I guess I would just add on the question. So fixed cost are relatively stable. But what about some of the variable costs then associated with the new factories we're bringing on?
Kevin March: The variable costs of RFAB will scale with revenue. So clearly, staffing and material cost and so on are highly variable and will be brought on only as revenue pulls demand through that factory. And then the variable costs associated again with the acquisitions in Japan and China, by and large, are being offset by the Transition Services Agreement as we bring up our new processes there. So we expect a fairly smooth transition unless those Transition Services Agreement begins to shift downward, and that cost is left behind, that should happen about the same time that we're bringing up our own production inside those factories and we can absorb that into the revenue-generating wafers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research: Very quickly on the Wireless business, so you had all pieces up but we had OMAP application process as they were up definitely little less than connectivity. And I actually found that a little bit surprising. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you think is driving I guess the larger offset that you're seeing particularly in connectivity in terms of end market or products. And if you could comment a little bit on how you see market share in application processors, particularly as that market is growing very strong when you have competitors like Qualcomm and some of the other guys that are also making their pushes in there as well?
Ron Slaymaker: Stacy, I guess I would just say that what's driving growth in connectivity are just a series of design wins that we've accomplished over the last several years. I believe we have the most integrated connectivity solution that's out there centered up on our WiFi solutions. And even if you look at where connectivity has been over the last few years and where it's going, clearly, there's a trend towards integration and a lot of the players that kind of were a single technology players just don't have the capability to integrate and do it as quickly as TI has, where we played across historically WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS, FM radio. And so, it's quite natural for us to have the capability to roll that all altogether into an integrated solution. So the trend toward integration in the connectivity market has positioned just favorably worked to TI's benefit. We've won a lot of designs as a result and you're seeing that in terms of revenue growth. Now before you take that and extrapolate it too far, as I said in the prepared remarks, we've also had tremendous success in designing in OMAP 3 and OMAP 4 product generations as well. And so, I think you'll see that even though for the last few quarters, connectivity's probably been the fastest growing, that could rapidly change and go through a period of time where OMAP is growing fast. So I think you'll see both of those areas grow, but it will kind of happen in fits and starts based on as new generations of product roll out and as design wins move into production.
Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research: I think part of my first question was also on application processes as if you could address that. But my follow-up would be one more in gross margins just really briefly. I'd like to see if you could give me any color on for next quarter. Do you anticipate any sort of impact either the positive or the negative from the 300-millimeters you start to ramp back to volume? And is there sort of any measurable impact on the gross margin front from the foundry arrangement from Spansion and from Chengdu?
Ron Slaymaker: Stacy, I think we hit the apps processors in the first discussion, so we'll just going to move on and let Kevin answer the gross margin question.
Kevin March: Stacy, I think that the short answer is no on the impact from GPM. I did mention earlier that we will see depreciation go up a bit in fourth quarter because we have now qualified most of the equipment in RFAB. So clearly, that will be there. But I don't think it will actually move the needle that much from an overall GPM standpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava of BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: My question on ROIC, Kevin. You do give out the number every quarter. I'm just going back looking historically. I don't think you guys have been as high and now you're bumping up against that other analog company that's only slightly more profitable than you. Is there a target that you're managing the business to, Kevin?
Kevin March: No. On the return on invested capital, you're right, it's pretty high this quarter. We're about 34.2% by my math there. I wouldn't say that there is a model per se other than that we're mindful of the fact that profitable enterprises has have to return on their capital in excess of what their of cost of capital is. So clearly, as long as we're above that, we believe we're adding value to our shareholders and clearly, we are well above that right now. One of the things that high ROIC does do for us is that it allows us to generate healthy levels of cash. And as we've seen here, certainly for an extended period of time, cash in excess of what we need to actually grow and operate our business on a day-to-day and quarter-to-quarter basis, which allows us to be pretty aggressive on buying back shares and also over time, returning cash to shareholders in the form of dividends as well.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And a quick follow-up, Kevin, and actually, maybe Ron could answer it as well. What is the normal seasonality for the OMAP and the Connectivity business for Q4? Or given the design win momentum you have, is that not relevant in the coming quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: Ambris, I would probably agree with the latter. I think in general, what we're seeing there are secular trends that go well beyond any kind of normal seasonality that might apply in the wireless market. So I guess I would agree with your conclusion there that, that doesn't matter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Caso of Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: I wondered if you could talk a bit about the strategy going forward on adding the new capacity. And there's obviously been a lot of talk from some of the analysts side some of your competitors about where the low hanging fruit is for you guys. What do we see as we go through the next year in terms of where you guys would expect sort of the most growth as a result from this new capacity?
Kevin March: Chris, the capacity we're putting in place is aimed directly at our Analog portfolio. If you take a look from a 300-millimeter standpoint, clearly, the higher volume first, especially those parts that are developed in our HVAL business as well as some of our higher volume Power parts and certain other parts would be prime candidates to go to that factory. I also mentioned earlier that the factory in Chengdu, China was already manufacturing some parts for us for our HVAL business and we'll continue to do that. And as we port our processes in there, we expect to put our Power MOSFET business into that factory as we go into 2011. And then as it relates to our factory in Japan, the process reporting there will be initially ideal to suit the High-Performance Analog business portfolio. So each of those factories will be able to support all three elements of our Analog. But again, they're really aimed at the Analog portfolio. As we look into 2011, with the fab capacity brought online, we'll be continuing to pay attention to our assembly and test capacity and make sure we that keep that ahead of the output from those wafer fabs.
Ron Slaymaker: So, Chris, the only thing else I would add or even just respond to this reading various sellside notes from visits to various competitors, it seems like the common denominator is that these competitors feel 300-millimeter is directed at somebody besides them. And what I would say is 300-millimeter is going to go across the board in Analog. And that means HVAL, it means Power and it means High-Performance Analog. And we won't delve off too deeply here. But 300-millimeter, we have a lot more flexibility given the automation systems in that factory to take a 300-millimeter lot of wafers and subdivide it down into two wafers of product A and four wafers of product B. That lot does not have to all be at the same product. So therefore, the argument that somehow 300-millimeter scale doesn't apply to certain areas such as High-Performance Analog makes no sense to us. And I think you'll see us move forward accordingly.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: And I guess you guys had stopped breaking out Baseband within the Wireless. If you could give us just a bit more color, however, on sort of where we are in the transition away from the Baseband business relative to kind of what you've talked to us in the past?
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, we actually do break it out. I gave it in my prepared remarks. It was $438 million in the quarter. So that grew looks like about 5% sequentially and it was down 3% from a year ago. So again, probably nothing really has changed. I think what we've described before is that if you basically just straight-line it from here to zero by the end of 2012, you'll have quarters that you've seen, some quarters that are above that line, some quarters that are below that line. And so really, it's probably no different in terms of guidance from us. It will be a bit noisy, but that's probably about the best that we could recommend. No change in terms of when we expect that revenue basically to be essentially to zero by the time we go into the year 2013.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Benjamin of Jefferies.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: You commented the fact that you thought this was going to be sort of a shallow problem here in terms of demand, and I was just curious what gave you confidence that, that's going to be the case and why based on the orders you're seeing or just some customer feedback, that will be helpful.
Kevin March: Adam, I think that a lot of times in the past, we've seen what are typically described as inventory corrections in the summer aftermarkets, it's brought on by usually an excess of inventory in the channel or more often an excess of capacity driving that excess of material. And in fact, we appear to see just the opposite of our channel inventory remains fairly lean, at least from indications from our products that we can get from permission from our customers for our products. And broadly speaking, it looks for us for the whole industry, I've seen numerous reports that indicate that total installed capacity for wafer fabs from starts standpoint globally is still down significantly from its high point in third quarter '08. Most recent stats I've seen suggest that it's still running around 14%, 15% below where it was back then. So we don't have excess capacity driving excess production. Generally speaking, we do not see much evidence of any excess components of ours up in the channel. What we do seem to be seeing is after the sweet cyclical snapback last year at many of these channels, we're seeing growth rates now that are beginning to mirror much more to what's happening in the global economy from overall demand. So from that standpoint, and just from the history of these kinds of adjustments. We'd expect a couple of quarters of relatively mild adjustment and a resumption of growth. We're not making a prediction as to what that growth looks like when it resumes, but we expect it will be a resumption of growth after a few quarters of pause.
Ron Slaymaker: And I guess just to add to that, Adam, if we talked about order trends, I mean, our orders, and of course, in third quarter, we're a step down from what we saw in the second quarter, but we also didn't see orders spiral down as we move to the quarter month-by-month. They actually stepped down in July and held up that level relatively stable through August and September. So that's just another data point, I guess, you might say is what's driving those comments from us.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just on the Connectivity business, I was curious how committed you are to that business going forward? Obviously, you have some significant customer concentration and you've done pretty well in terms of the portfolio and ahead of many or your peers, but I'm just looking out longer term. I know you're not going to tell us you're going to shut it down or sell it tomorrow, but I'm just curious how committed you are in terms of R&D investment going forward given that you're not in the Baseband market going forward?
Kevin March: Adam, I'll go ahead and answer that for you. I think that the R&D investment is probably good intro to an answer on that. Over the last year, we have pretty much removed all of our investment in the Baseband as we talked about multiple quarters now and directed that over to the non-baseband portion of our Wireless portfolio, which is both connectivity as well as the apps processor. Included the apps processor is getting a large share of that R&D investment. I would add that connectivity is also, as we're finding different markets for those products to be sold into, but clearly, the lion's share of the R&D is going into the apps processor space. So that is a space that is ripe for growth not only in cellphones, but in tablets and other applications as well such as personal navigation devices, infotainment systems onboard in cars, a number of different spaces where those products can be used.
Ron Slaymaker: And Adam, I guess the only other thing I would say is I know there's all these ongoing relentless debate about integrated solutions with Baseband and Connectivity products of Baseband and applications processors. But if you just look at it, our Connectivity and OMAP revenue is up over 50% year-to-date. And so, it's a great growth businesses and that's up 50% while -- I mean, it's clear we're getting out of the -- we're pulling back on Baseband and exiting that marketplace. So again, I think that data and evidence increasingly proves that can be a very good growth business for TI even without being in the Baseband business. So we'll keep riding that one hard. We like it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: First of all, it looks like your Embedded Processor business saw a pretty nice increase in its operating margin, and I was just wondering what that came from in. I know it grew sequentially, but it was a pretty steep increase in operating margin. I'm just wondering where that came from.
Kevin March: Tore, that's really just getting leverage from the revenue growth that you saw there. The overall operating expenditures, we increased those. You might recall back in first quarter, we moved quite a few resources from our Other segment into the EP segment, into the Embedded Processing segment, which temporarily depressed operating margins there. And now as we're seeing the revenue growing very strongly there, we're just simply getting a great deal of leverage off of that.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: The follow-up is on CapEx. I think CapEx hit more than 10% of revenue, that's the first time in a long while. I mean, let's take Q4 '09 out of the equation here, but it's above 10%. I'm just wondering, are we getting to peak there? Are we going to start to see a trend back down to sort of the 5% to 7% level here?
Kevin March: Tore, our goal remains to be in the 5% to 8% level. And as we've indicated, that, that should be what you'll see us doing over time. We won't let that artificially to prevent us from going after very attractive opportunities such as you've seen us move on here recently. But in fact, for purposes of modeling, you should continue to expect us to operate at 5% to 8% and consider what has occurred here recently as an opportunistic aberration.
Ron Slaymaker: And clearly, I think you've heard us quantify how much revenue we can generate off of the capacity that we purchased. Clearly, that's multiple years of capacity needs probably, if anything, you could even see us moving to the lower end of that range in the near term.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I understand your comments about that fourth quarter just the inventory, you didn't want to make a comment on that. But how about tax and zone inventory for the fourth quarter? Would you expect it to be flat up or down?
Kevin March: Jim, we grew inventory in dollar terms in third quarter and yet our days dropped about another day on us. And in fact, we would like to continue to try to grow some, especially in those areas where we have lead times that are beyond what our customers expect of us. So we will continue to operate the factories, focus on those areas where we're still short on overall capacity. And given the fact that we would expect revenue in the fourth quarter, below in third quarter, that should have some impact on our days of for as long as we go in the fourth quarter.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: The buyback you guys announced was terrific as you guys talked about a quarter of the market cap as the authorization. Your cash flow generation is terrific, but even you guys don't have that much cash in the balance sheet. Would you ever be willing to think about taking on some leverage in order to fulfill that buyback? Or should we just think about the buyback coming in as the cash flow growth continues?
Kevin March: I think it's the latter, Jim. You should look at us using our free operating cash flow for purposes of that buyback. We have no intention of doing accelerated buyback.
Ron Slaymaker: In general, thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-20 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin March - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ron Slaymaker - Vice President and Head of Investor Relations 
Analysts: Chris Caso - Susquehanna Group Uche Orji - UBS Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Sumit Dhanda - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Glen Yeung - Citi Kyle [ph] - FBR Capital Markets Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research Equities Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Doug Freedman - Gleacher & Company Steven J. Smigie - Raymond James Tim Luke - Barclays Capital Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments, second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TIs CFO is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TIs website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TIs results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as TIs most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for September 9th. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. In todays call, well provide an update on our strategic progress, discussing how the quarters results align with our longer term objectives. Our core businesses are the Analog, Embedded Processing and the smartphone focused applications processors and connectivity products and our wireless segment collectively made up 67% of our revenue in the second quarter. They grew 11% over the first quarter and 53% from a year ago. They are also the areas where were focused our R&D investments with 88% of our total second quarter R&D spend focused in these areas. These are the growth engines for the future.  Part of the attraction of our Analog and Embedded Processing businesses is the breadth of their position across the electronics industry. With these products, we have the potential to sell into literally every electronic product that is produced. This includes computing applications such as fast growing tablet computers and at the other end of the market spectrum, includes industrial applications such as smart meters. As weve seen over the past year, these end markets often move at different speeds. The recovery that began in the first half of last year initially began with the high volume computing and communications market with the industrial markets not beginning their recovery until late in the year.  Although some of the high volume markets are now normalizing into their more typical seasonal growth patterns, the industrial market has continued its recovery. For TI this is evidenced in the strength of our various catalog product lines such as catalog micro-controllers and digital signal processors in our Embedded Processing segment as well as high performance Analog and power management products in our analog segment.  These catalog products are typically sold through distribution often in low volumes to a large number of customers across the world. Our revenue in the US and Europe regions are both weighted toward industrial applications and both areas performed well in the quarter.  These catalog product lines will particularly benefit over time from the size of TIs field sales and applications force and the breadth of our product portfolio as we have a stronger capability to call on more customers and sell more products to those customers. The notable area of weakness in the second quarter was in wireless where we experienced an unexpected slowdown late in the quarter. We believe this weakness was a customer specific issue and not a broader reflection on the market. Ill discuss that more in a few minutes.  Overall, TI revenue in the quarter was up 9% sequentially and up 42% compared with a year ago. Analog revenue grew 11% sequentially and was up 56% from the year ago quarter. All three of our major Analog product areas were solid contributors to this growth in both comparisons although sequential growth was most significant in high performance Analog due to its strong position in the industrial market.  Over the past five quarters, HVAL revenue has continued to pace well with our other Analog areas and was up more than 50% from the year ago quarter. This provides additional confirmation that HVAL has turned the corner and should be a strong contributor to our growth in the years ahead.  Embedded Processing revenue grew 17% sequentially and was up 47% from a year ago. Catalog micro-controllers and digital signal processors were the areas of strongest growth in both comparisons. The relatively large size of the micro-controller market, combined with the potential for TI to gain significant share represents our most significant Embedded Processing opportunity. Micro-controllers led our embedded processing growth in both the sequential and year on year comparison as our investments in this area are producing results.  Wireless revenue was up 1% sequentially and up 18% compared with a year ago. Revenue of $311 million from applications processors and connectivity products for smartphones was up 6% sequentially and 52% from a year ago. These products are redefining our wireless segment and are delivering strong growth. Baseband revenue, which as expected, continued to decline, was $416 million, down 2% sequentially and about even with a year ago. Basebands are now 12% of total TI revenue compared with 17% in the year ago quarter. As you know, we made a strategic decision to exit the Baseband market and as we do, were maximizing profits during our multi-year wind down of this product line and using these profits to fund growth in other areas. Revenue in our other segment comes from a mix of product lines, mostly DLP products and calculators as well as royalties. Although there will be significant variance in growth across these product lines, collectively they will have relatively lower growth. Nonetheless, they had strong profitability.  In the second quarter, revenue in our other segment grew 9% sequentially. Calculated revenue increased seasonally and more than offset a decline in royalties. From a year ago, revenue in the other segment grew 42% mostly due to strength in DLP products. From a geographical perspective, Asia Pacific, Europe and the US regions grew sequentially while Japan declined. All regions were up from a year ago. Turning to distribution, re-sales or sales out of our distribution channel were up almost 15% sequentially. Once again, we believe this represents share gains for TI across multiple distributors. Even with a strong resale growth, we were able to help distributors build some inventories to support future growth. Distributors inventory remained low by historical standards at about five weeks of inventory, similar to the past few quarters. Now Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks Ron, and good afternoon everyone. As weve shifted TIs focus to Analog and better processing, we are addressing better opportunities and our financial results are reflecting this through higher levels of profitability, better earnings per share, lower capital requirements and higher returns. Our gross profit expanded by 12% sequentially this quarter as revenue grew and grew in the right areas.  Gross margin also increased by 150 basis points to 54.2% of revenue. Operating expenses increased $41 million in the first quarter. Almost all of this increase was focused on our core businesses.  Operating expenses declined to 22% of revenue in the quarter. Restructuring charges in the second quarter were $17 million. This was for US pension plan settlement accounting associated with actions that occurred in 2008 and 2009. The distribution of these charges across our segments is included in our earnings release. Operating profit for the quarter was $1.11 billion. This is the best operating profit TI has ever produced. Operating profit was 17% higher than the prior quarter. From the year ago quarter, operating profit was up $764 million. In both comparisons, the higher operating profit reflects higher revenue and the associated gross profit.  Operating margin in the second quarter was 31.7% of revenue. Not only did our core businesses drive most of our revenue growth this quarter, theyre also grown 75% of the incremental profit. That increment in the second quarter was $759 million or $0.62 per share, an interesting comparison to the third quarter of 2007.  Prior to this past quarter, 3Q 07 was our high level mark for operating profit. This quarters operating profit exceeded that quarters by 9%, even though revenue in that earlier quarter was 5% higher. Earnings per share is an even better story, up $0.10 or 19% compared with 3Q 07 as our operating profit gains have been further amplified by our stock repurchases. These results clearly represent the power of the portfolio changes weve implemented and the benefit they have provided to our financial results. Ill leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release. Well, however, let me make just a few comments. Cash flow from operations was $552 million. This was down from last quarter due to income taxes that we paid in the quarter. Cash flow from operations was about the same as a year ago.  Capital expenditures increased to $283 million dollars in the quarter. Expenditures include the purchase of Analog wafer fab equipment as well as assembling test equipment. Recall that we announced earlier in the quarter that we have begun the buildup of phase two of our analog capacity expansion at RFAB with the purchase of additional 300 millimeter equipment from commodities bankruptcy proceedings. We will continue to make opportune capacity investments to support our analog growth as these opportunities arise.  Just last week we announced that we will be buying additional 300 millimeter equipment to help complete the RFAB phase two buildup as well as an operational 200 millimeter fab and an additional fab facility that can be equipped with 200 millimeter or 300 millimeter equipment as needed in the future. These facilities are located in Japan and were purchased as part of Spansion Japans bankruptcy proceedings. The purchase price on this manufacturing capacity is attractive and these purchases will help give us the capability to significantly grow our analog business while providing strong returns on these investments. I should note that in the second quarter, our return on investor capital moved up to 31%. Our strategy is to continue to improve the efficiency of our manufacturing operations while making sure we have capacity in place before we need it. We used $750 million in the quarter to repurchase 29.7 million shares of TI common stock and paid dividends of $147 million in the quarter. We were able to increase our inventory by $73 million in the quarter while inventory day held steady at 76. We have continued to improve our delivery performance and our lead times have continued to decline as we bring additional manufacturing capacity online and get better positions with inventory. Even as we have continued in an orderly process of reducing lead times, demand from our customers has remained strong. Orders in the quarter increased to $3.7 billion. TIs book-to-bill ratio was 1.07 in the quarter. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.55 billion to $.3.85 billion dollars in the third quarter or 2% to 10% sequential growth. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.64 to $0.74.  Our estimates for 2010 R&D and depreciation are unchanged from last quarter. Our estimate for 2010 capital expenditures have increased to 1.2 billion from our prior estimate of 900 million, reflecting the additional manufacturing equipment acquisitions.  In summary, we continue to execute a strategy that will allow us to grow our analog and a better processing business significantly faster than the respective markets. Results in the second quarter confirmed the attractiveness of the strategy both in terms of the top line growth that can be produced as well as the earnings potential of these businesses and weve continued to pave our path for long term growth with low cost acquisitions and manufacturing capacity that will provide us competitive advantage on (inaudible) the company with unmanageable fixed costs. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks Kevin. Operator you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourselves to a single question. After our response, well provide you an opportunity for an additional follow up. Operator.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Chris Caso of Susquehanna Group
Chris Caso - Susquehanna Group: Hi, thank you. First I guess if you could comment on the bookings in the quarter and you talked about in the press release up 2% sequentially. That looks like its slower than the growth weve seen in the past couple of quarters. But it sounds like the book-to-bill was actually a bit stronger than that, what you just said. If you can give some color about what youve seen there?
Kevin March: Sure Chris. What we saw was bookings actually broadly crossed all of our products and markets and across all the regions. We actually think the orders are coming in probably more consistently with underlying demand. You may recall that last quarter our book-to-bill was 1.14 and this quarter at 1.07. We believe what were seeing here is the effect of us in orderly fashion beginning to pull our lead times in, weve given our customers more confidence that dont have to place orders on those (inaudible) as far out in the future as they have for the last three quarters and in addition the underlying demand is going on -- is increasing orders as well as the market share gains. So combined, we think the order pattern is beginning to align up a consistent way with the changing lead times and just underlying growth through market growth as well as market share gains.
Chris Caso - Susquehanna Group:  Yes thank you, and I wish if you could talk a little bit about inventory. You talked about -- you said you built some inventory at distributors during the quarter, whats the plan going forward? Obviously youve got plans to add a bunch of capacity and in addition to that I guess you are also moving to a consignment model with some of those distributors. Can you talk about as you build that inventory, is that showing up in the revenue number or is that mainly going to consignment at this point?
Kevin March:  Chris, I believe we talked about re-sales of distribution were up about 15% last quarter and in addition we were able to build some inventory in the distribution channel. I would point out that the turns in that channel continue to be at a certain low levels of about five turns overall.  On the point of consignment, that inventory cost when it was previously carried on the distribution books, is now moving on to our books and will constitute some growth that youll begin to see in our held inventory. But at 76 days, Id categorize that has continued to be very lean inventory balances overall.  As we go forward, we will continue to convert more distributor inventory to a consignment arrangement and so that well shift from their books onto our books, but that will be over the next year, year and a half or so before we complete that process.
Ron Slaymaker: Jeff, as a correction, distributor weeks of inventory are about five, not turn.
Kevin March: Okay Chris, thank you and lets move to the next caller please. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Uche Orji of UBS.
Uche Orji -- UBS: Thank you very much. Can I just focus a little bit on the embedded business where youve seen some really strong growth; you mentioned micro-controllers being the key driver. Any color you can give us as to specific end markets strength thats driving that strength in embedded and just as a matter of explaining whether that share gains or whether the overall industry has seen some strength in embedded, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Ron Slaymaker : Uche, I can try to give you some, however you also have to keep in mind that the area that we said was growing more significantly in embedded processing were the catalog products, so just by definition those catalog products go into lots of different end markets and its not any particular end market thats driving it. What I would say is that just in addition, catalog grew strongest but we also saw growth in coms [ph] infrastructure and automotive as well but it was catalog products that were growing more significantly and when you think about that, think about applications mirroring with one that I think I mentioned previously, motor control, you get equipment like safety equipment, medical equipment, those type of applications that come in.  Do we believe we are gaining share? I believe so and we havent seen the competitors report but with 17% sequential growth in that business, I would venture to say that probably represents pretty clearly market share gains from TI in that area, pretty some of what youve seen for the last five years from TI in that area where we have been growing well above market growth rates in embedded processing and the reality is we are kind of feeling the investments in that area as well. So if anything over the course of time, we would expect to maintain that relative out performance versus market overall if not even accelerate that.  Do you have a follow on that, Uche?
Uche Urji - UBS: Yes I do actually. Can I just ask you about wireless? Okay so probably we say just say were seeing early signs of the Nokia share ship to other supplies into Nokia. The baseband chops into the revenues, Id like to get a sense as to how much this contributes to your profits for the quarter and also as we grow through the rest of the year, any sense as to how much of the baseband revenue is 3G verses 2G and should we see the modeling this going down to zero say by 2013? And thats my last question, thanks.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay Uche, Ill take the latter part then Ill let Kevin make any comments he would choose about profitability there. The composition of baseband these days is 80% of that revenue is 3G and then that would leave 20% basically representing the older technologies. By comparison in the year ago quarter, 50% of that baseband revenue was 3G. So weve seen a very significant market shift over the course of the past year away from the older technologies and towards 3G and I believe you commented that I would agree that in terms of competitor pressure at Nokia where again theyve acknowledged and they have a strategy to multi-source products, this year basically the competitors that they have on board will be addressing those older non-3G technologies which represent 20% of our baseband technology and then the 80% that is 3G to the best of our knowledge it will be 2011 before they have any other alternative suppliers on board with 3G basebands there. Kevin, the question regarding the contribution of baseband profitability to TI.
Kevin March: Yeah, Uche on that question there, weve talked in the past about the baseband products operating about a 40% kind of gross profit margin level and weve described in the last couple of quarters how weve removed pretty much all of our R&D spending on that product line. Request for that -- support for that; customer service support low entry and things of that nature, factory planning still goes with that.  However given the nature that basebands are largely going to a single customer, we dont really think its appropriate for us to give any further commentaries to profitability that would be happening inside of that particular product family.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Uche thanks for you questions and well move to the next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra of Robert Baird
Tristan Gerra -- Robert Baird: Hi, good afternoon. Regarding the Richardson fab, could you give us a sense of what percentage of that fab output potential could be in production by year end assuming that can end demand trends remain stable and when you would expect follow up.
Ron Slaymaker: Tristan, Which fab are you referencing?
Tristan Gerra -- Robert Baird: Your new a 300 millimeter fab.
Ron Slaymaker: RFAB, okay. You want to give an update on that Kevin?
Kevin March: Sure. RFAB is still on schedule to harvest our first production products exiting that factory by the end of this year. We announced of course phase one of the equipment claim to that fab late last year that would give us an incremental $1 billion of revenue capacity when fully up and running.  In the last quarter we announced that phase two, which will give us a second incremental $1 billion total, about $2 billion of delta revenue capability when fully up and running. Of course phase two will be fully up after phase one so expect that next year or beyond. But the quick answer is that by the end of this year we expect to have qualified products shipping from that factory able to begin to generate revenue.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Tristan do you have a follow up?
Tristan Gerra -- Robert Baird: Also on the wireless revenue growth for Q3, would you expect seasonal or below seasonal output and or trans-quarter of a quarter and do you think that the 3G mix will continue to increase?
Kevin March: Tristan, thats probably -- I think over time, it makes sense that that 3G mix will continue stay on the trend that it has been. But whether that holds for any particular quarter is probably more precise than I would want to get and then similar just in terms of our outlook, we try to keep it at the company level as supposed to individuals segments or products lines. I really dont have a forecast for you on what well expect from wireless there. But again, in general we would expect to track overall, the general performance of our customer in that market.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay Tristan, thank you for your questions and lets move to the next caller.
Tristan Gerra -- Robert Baird: Thank you.
Operator.: Our next question comes from Srini Pajjuri of CLSA
Srini Pajjuri -- CLSA: Thank you. A couple of questions; Kevin, given that the lead times are now coming in, what are you expecting for the turns business this quarter versus another -- past few quarters?
Kevin March: Srini, I dont have a specific forecast for you on that. I would just note the terms have been pretty quick at five weeks for an extended period of time right now and so those things tend to change at a fairly slow pace but beyond that I dont have a specific forecast for you.
Ron Slaymaker: Is there a follow up, Srini?
Srini Pajjuri -- CLSA: Yeah, just on the wireless Ron, you said that one of the customers were a week late in the quarter. I am just wondering, was it specific to the baseband business or was it more broadbased across all the products lines and also if you can address whether you expect that business to come back this quarter, thank you. 
Kevin March: Okay Srini, I think in that customers own pre-announcement, they described general weakness in their high end business. So as you might expect that goes across more than just basebands. It would be across apps, processors and connectivity products in terms of where we saw some unexpected weakness.  Now, that being the case, if you look at the sequential trends, one youll note is that basebands were down where the other areas collectively still went up. So again that was -- but from what we were expecting with lets say early June when we gave mid quarters guidance, all those really softened up somewhat because of that particular customer.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay Srini, thanks for your question and well move to the next call
Operator: Our next question comes from Ramesh Misra with Brigantine Advisors.
Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors: Good afternoon, Ron and Kevin. In terms of putting your growth numbers into historical prospective, can you give us an idea of where historically Q2 growth has been and where Q3 growth has been?
Kevin March: Okay Ramesh, what I would say is, Q2, if you look at just the last five years, the average has been at 10%, but also you kind of have to allow, at least consider last year's Q2 was exceptionally robust with 18% sequential growth. If you just move to the -- take that out and move -- look at the five years prior to that, it would have been 2 percentage points less, so 8%. So again, what we just reported, I would say generally right now that range of seasonal Q2. With respect to Q3, again the five-year average is 8%. Last year's Q3 was similarly robust with 17% sequential growth. So if you look at the five years prior to that and basically exclude the third quarter '09 you would get to a 5% growth number for sequentially Q3. 
Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors: Just a quick one, Ron. In terms of gross margins, obviously, very strong last quarter. I presume that was mostly mix related. But where should we be thinking of gross margins kind of through the rest of the year or any visibility there that you can provide beyond Q3? Thanks.
Kevin March: We've talked in the past about the portfolio that should produce gross margins over time averaging around 55% and this is going to be just really a change in our mix as we move over time. I think we just did 54.2% this most recent quarter. Our focus as we move out in time now is really on top line. We believe the portfolio is able to deliver the kind of margins we talked in the past and the focus now is shifting really to accelerating our top line growth and being more aggressive with our market share gains.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, thank you very much, and lets move to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great guys, thanks so much for taking the question. I'm sorry if I missed it, but I didn't hear, I don't think, where were lead times at the start of the quarter, kind of where are they today, where do you think they'll be at the end of the quarter?
Kevin March: Jim, lead times, we didn't actually characterize the number on it, that's why you didn't hear it. They came down a little bit again in second quarter as you saw in the first quarter. So we continue to make progress as we bring more capacity online and you could actually see the way we're supporting that is through de-stocking our fresh goods inventory.  And if you actually look at our balance sheet, you'll see that's where most of our inventory build was at. As we continue to bring capacity online, notwithstanding variability and demand going forward, wed expect that lead time to continue to come down. And it's coming down pretty much across the board, so that is -- those items that were greater than 16 weeks, we saw some of those coming down to less than 16. Those that were greater than 14, we saw some of those come down to less than 14 and so on in each of those tranches as you take a look at them. We would expect continued progress on that front.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Jim, do have a follow on?
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Yeah, my follow-up will be about maybe competitor lead times. What are you hearing about what competitor lead times are doing as yours come in a little bit?
Kevin March: The sort of anecdotal evidence that we're hearing, Jim, is that at least some of our competitors are actually experiencing extended lead times. We, of course, dont order from them, so we don't know exactly what that means but we are hearing those kinds of things and we're having customers coming to us and asking us, we can't help out with some of those issues. Their customers are also recognizing that unlike our competitors, we in fact had been pretty aggressive in putting in capacity not only opening a simple test site to the bottom of the downturn last year, but starting RFAB late last year and more recently the announcement we just did last week of the acquisition of the Spansion Japan factories. That seems to be resonating well with our customers and in fact, we believe this is helping us win additional orders that should accelerate our growth going forward and accelerate our gains against those competitors from a future standpoint, let alone current lead time issues that some of them are starting to experience.
Ron Slaymaker: Jim, I just want to kind of reiterate some data I think that we shared at the Analyst Meeting. If you look at capital spending between the year 2007 and 2009, TI's capital spending was basically up 10% over that time period, where when we look at, general, the math of our competitors collectively, they were down -- and I believe this is an analog-specific comparison -- they were down on average 57%, and that doesn't even comprehend the fact that many of these analog competitors took a lot of capacity offline.  So, in addition not to spending on new capacity, they were taking capacity offline. Customers see that data. They see the spending we're doing -- that we did through 2009 plus what we've done in addition to that and frankly, they know how that's going, they know how to extrapolate into the future, know what that situation is going to result in, in terms of availability of product and that's why I think the situation Kevin's describing is there. They're already seeing some of these various competitors start to extend lead times while at the same time they are seeing TI pulling lead times, plus as Kevin said, really lay the path for our future in terms of these capacity investments.  So frankly, we think that's big; we think it's going to be a big differentiator for TI over the course of the next few years.
Kevin March: Okay Jim, thank you for your question and well move to the next call.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Hi guys. Ron, pretty much on that topic you were just talking about, between the Spansion addition and then the Qimonda equipment, you talked about adding $3.5 billion of revenue capacity. I guess, two questions on that. First, can you tell us how much you paid for those Spansion assets? And then secondly, the $3.5 billion is about 2.5 to 3 times how much dollar growth you've seen over the last four years in your Analog business. Are you just getting more optimistic about how fast you can grow revenues or is this kind of a pull forward of CapEx? How should we think about that kind of big investments youre making?
Kevin March: Ross, I'll go ahead and answer that. I think -- we started talking last year that as we were coming into the downturn and watching what was going on there that we would remain poised to be opportunistic to go ahead and take advantage of acquisition of capacity as well as companies, if it made sense for the smaller companies we can buy in, because the prices are so attractive.  This is just a continuation of what we talked about back then. We have been able to acquire these manufacturing assets at extremely attractive prices. In the case of Qimonda, we were able to discuss what that pricing was. In the case of Spansion, we have not disclosed that. But I can say to you that our estimate is that the original acquisition cost of that capacity we bought is close to $2 billion and we spent -- got it for a very attractive price, one that we are not at all concerned about will cause us to have an undue level of fixed cost to have to incur should the demand take a long time to play out.  But to go back to what Ron said a few moments ago, with the underinvestment that weve seen from a competitor standpoint, we expect our growth rate in fact should be poised to accelerate versus our competitors, and we may look back on this a couple years from now and find this very inexpensive type capacity acquisition to be a very opportune move for us to make the company much larger.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: So it's safe to say versus that $2 billion original acquisition price or cost what we paid was a small fraction of that, is that correct, Kevin?
Kevin March: Very small fraction of that.
Ron Slaymaker: And Ross, the other thing I would point out is, when you're looking at $3.5 billion of incremental capacity or revenue generation, I mean look at our Analog business alone, second quarter '10 over $1.5 billion, so annualize that and call it a $6 billion business. I think, last year, we were at $4.2 billion, and it's still growing. So, as we said, the strategy is to have that capacity in place before we need it. We're not trying to forecast exactly over what time period we will fill it up, but just keep in mind we're at a $6 billion run rate in terms of that revenue level today.
Kevin March: Do you have a follow on, Ross?
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Yeah, it will be a quicker one, I promise. Just -- what did the calculator business do in the quarter? I thought you guided it to be up about -- well even more than that entire other segment grew.
Kevin March: Ross, I think that we had suggested that Calculator was typically up around $65 million 1Q to 2Q, and it came in a bit stronger than that, but it was within its normal pattern that we've see in year's past.
Ron Slaymaker: And I think we also described in the release that there were some offset with lower royalties to that higher revenue as well. So Calculators was completely consistent with our expectations, and maybe even a little bit more.
Kevin March: Okay Ross, thanks for your questions, and well move to the next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Ellis of Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Thanks guys. Just a quick follow-up on the CapEx. What percent equipped will Richardson be after the Spansion assets are added?
Kevin March: Craig, we think that it will be close to half the clean room will have equipment in it, so we'll have still half the clean room available for future expansion.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Any thoughts on when the company would be looking to build that out then Kevin?
Kevin March: That's going to be a function of when we continue to find the kind of opportunistic equipment acquisition that we've got in these last couple of quarters. We really -- our interest there is to build that in a very cost effective fashion and not to build it at any cost. And so you'll probably continue to see us do what we have done, and that is when we see the right price for the right equipment, we will go ahead and pursue it and that will likely be in advance of when we actually need it.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Craig, thank you and well move to the next caller please.
Operator: Next question comes from Sumit Dhanda of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Sumit Dhanda - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, hi. First question, Kevin or Ron, in terms of the outlook for the third quarter, the sales increase you're talking about outstripping the order growth which hasn't necessarily been how you've guided revenues in recent quarters. So just wanted to get some more detail on the thought process around that and is the backlog build stronger, either the anticipation of that later into Q3 and also further out into Q4, any color you could shed on that?
Ron Slaymaker: Sumit, let me ask you just a clarification. When you're saying our revenue outlook outstrips our orders, again our book-to-bill in second quarter was 1.07. Can you explain what you mean when you say outstrip our orders?
Sumit Dhanda - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I meant growth rate; the growth rate in revenues versus the growth in orders witnessed in recent quarters?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. I would just say again I think what Kevin explained previously, part of the reason that book-to-bill was coming down probably would be levels that would be more consistent with true end demand is, what a lot of you guys have described for some time, although it's probably happening in a more orderly fashion than what some of you would have projected. And that -- as lead times have -- as we progressed in reducing lead times, customers no longer need to provide us the very extended visibility that they had done let's say, six months ago when lead times were kind of out at their peak level.  So, with that lower visibility, the new orders are basically coming in to replenish at a level that is consistent with the true demand as opposed to the rate of orders basically reflecting a backlog that was extending out over time. So, probably that's about the best I can do in terms of trying to explain that. Do you have a follow on, Sumit?
Sumit Dhanda - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just along those same lines, anything that you could offer up in terms of the momentum or the trajectory of orders that you saw through the second quarter and then initially here into July and then what's the inventory outlook on your balance sheet into the third quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, I dont know that I can sit there and describe a trajectory as we move through second quarter. I would say that orders quarter to date have remained strong and fully consistent with the outlook that we just provided in terms of revenue. In terms of our inventory expectations, we do not at this point try to project any kind of inventory plans because our inventory plans for the third quarter really have more to do with our outlook for the fourth quarter so we may give you more visibility as we move to the quarter but at this point, we typically dont.
Kevin March: Okay Sumit, thanks for your questions. And well move to the next caller. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Glen Yeung of Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citi: Thanks. Maybe -- just wanted to open that last question. When you think about third quarter, your guidance is slightly above what would be considered normal seasonal. Can you give us a sense as to what part of your business you think may be tracking ahead of plan or ahead of normal?
Kevin March: Glen, Id say its broad based. We do need to keep in mind that our third quarter is typically the quarter when customers will order material in anticipation of fourth quarter holiday sales, and even some orders in anticipation of the first quarter Chinese New Year holiday sales so this seems to be shaping up consistent with that.  In other words, weve got a global economy thats still growing, albeit at a pace that may be just a little bit down -- summarily the second half versus the first half. Its still growing nonetheless and the order pattern that we have seen reflects that, its broad based, its probably been very strong and as we indicated earlier in the industrial and automotive segments that Ron talked about it and its probably gotten more to a normal seasonal kind of demand pattern in some of the other areas such as computers and handsets.
Glen Yeung - Citi: Okay, thanks. And as a second question, you guided 2010 depreciation to I think the same guidance you had before, but Im thinking about -- youve now added some incremental capacity, obviously through both Qimonda and Spansion acquisitions, and Im wondering if you were to conclude phase one of RFAB and then basically do nothing else with the assets that youve bought, what would be the increment to depreciation we would expect to see in 2011 or 2012?
Kevin March: Glen, I dont have a forecast for you out quite that far but I would just kind of point you back to some of our spending over the last few years. Our depreciation over the last 12 months has been a little bit less than 7% for the last 12 months revenue.  Our CapEx, if you include the most recent acquisitions, have been under about 9%. Weve been talking about a CapEx target of between 5-8% so Id say the spending is pretty consistent with that sort of -- kind of goal, that is that youll probably see depreciation in the 5-8% kind of range over time, and looking forward with the CapEx that were doing right now, its probably going to be still inside that range just fine. Of course thats a function of what you wind up with revenue up to 2011 and 12, but anticipation of the growth there, which of course is what were expecting with the capital acquisitions that were making.  I would expect to see that depreciation kind of stay inside that range without actually getting into a dollar amount right now.
Glen Yeung - Citi: Kevin, what we have, I guess, disclosed up to now is for RFAB, the phase one purchase of that commodity equipment worth a little over 170 million, is that correct?
Kevin March: Correct, 173 million.
Ron Slaymaker: And then we bought additional commodity equipment that was roughly 75 million if I remember right, plus some incremental equipment that we didnt disclose the amount of from Spansion, and Glen then you take those numbers, make an estimate -- maybe for some incremental equipment from Spansion and our depreciation schedule for 5 years will get you roughly into our ball park, and thats not -- that would be pretty much before phase one or phase two of RFAB. So, at least that will help. And then Kevin, just clarification on Spansion, the 200mm fab is an operating fab currently and when we first purchased it so that in the additional depreciation associated with that fab is already in our depreciation guidance which was unchanged that we just provided. Is that correct?
Kevin March: Correct.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, so obviously the incremental depreciation associated with that 200-milimeter Spansion fab is not very significant. Okay Glen, thank you for your questions and we will move to the next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Berger of FBR Capital Markets.
Kyle - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hi this is actually Kyle asking a question on behalf Craig. For your gross margin, you were talking about over time you were looking to get to 55%. However, you qualify that qualify that saying your shorter term focus is going to be top line revenue. When do you envision getting to the 55% level?
Kevin March: Actually our shorter term and longer term focus is on revenue growth. We believe the model is well on its way there, and at this point in time rather than really focusing on that kind of model and discussion of that, our focus going forward is on the top line because we believe with the portfolio we have, it will deliver the results that we've talked about. This is how we'll maximize our earnings growth in the future by growing our top line.
Ron Slaymaker: And Kyle, I'll just remind you. I mean, we just reported 54.2% gross margin. We're almost to a point where we'll be rounding 55%, so hold your breath.
Kyle - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Just a quick one, your WiLink 7 product on the multimode radio product, how is that doing? Can you add some color to that, please?
Ron Slaymaker : Kevin, I believe that one would be for you.
Kevin March : Well, I'm going to have to confess I don't have very much knowledge on that front, Kyle, I'm sorry.
Ron Slaymaker: Kyle, unfortunately I don't think either of us probably have a lot of specific insight into where we're with that product line, unfortunately. Although if it's a product for handsets, which is where most of our Wi-Fi focus is, we have a very strong position. I think, I mentioned before that connectivity for TI is really focused on both discrete GPS chips as well as Wireless LAN, and I'll just note that industry analysts would estimate that last year, we had about 55% share of handsets are really smartphone Wi-Fi market share. So again that doesn't gets to the specific product that you're describing or asking about, but we have a very strong position and you can rest assured we're doing what we need to do in terms of new product development to extend if not expand that share. So, the other thing I would just point out on that is all of the connectivity options in a handset Wi-Fi is the least penetrated, but it's also the most rapidly expanding. So, we like that combination for our connectivity products, and that we have share in the connectivity technology that is growing fastest in handsets. So, we think great growth in terms of revenue in terms of that product line and we expect more going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shawn Webster of Macquarie Research.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: Just to clarify real quick, the new CapEx guidance, that includes Spansion acquisition?
Kevin March : Yes, it does, Shawn.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: Then on the gross margins, can you walk us through what changed sequentially from Q1 to Q2, and comment on utilization rate trends, and do you think utilization rates will be up flat or down for Q3?
Kevin March: Shawn, I guess probably about three or four quarters ago, we stopped discussion on utilization specifically, we were discussing it when it was illustrative of what was going on, it was dropping so fast and coming back up so sharply. Our utilization levels have fared back to a much more normal level, are somewhat elevated right now given the strong demand which is why we're adding capacity. Our utilization levels really didn't change that much last quarter to this quarter, and I wouldn't expect them to change too much going to next quarter partly as a function of we're bringing on additional capacity, and so we're kind of staying ahead of it now.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: Just what else changed in driving gross margins?
Kevin March : On gross margins, yeah, really what we wind up with is mix as I had in my opening comments, not only was the majority of our revenue delta in our core product areas, but the majority of our profit dollars came through that, and that mix contributed along the GPM line as well as the operating profit line.
Ron Slaymaker: So again, just to reinforce, Analog grew 11% sequentially last quarter, Embedded Processing grew 17%. So as those areas continue to pace faster than our revenue overall, we'll continue to benefit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Danely of JP Morgan.
Christopher Danely  JP Morgan: So you talked about continuing to make progress on the lead times. Do you think that those will go back to normal levels by the end of the year?
Kevin March: Chris, I can't give a precise answer on that, I sure would like to be able to say yes, but that's going to be not only a function of the order mix that comes in, but also a function of just how fast the top line continues to grow. I mean, Id get  itd be fairly safe in saying that we are growing at the upper end of our guidance, its going to be harder than it is if grow at the midpoint or at the lower end of our guidance, but beyond that I couldn't give you a specific forecast.
Christopher Danely  JP Morgan : And then as my follow-up, can you just give us a sense of how much your capacity is going to increase say over the next six months and then also in the first six months of next year with the new fab coming on?
Kevin March: Yeah, I think the biggest capacity increase really are on two fronts over the next six months, that's we've already discussed with the RFAB and that is 300-millimeter RFAB coming up and actually getting production material on that by the end of the year. That will be at relatively low volumes at first as you can expect, but it will ramp up all through next year. And then as to the Spansion fabs, we will get started pretty quickly here on getting process adjusted in there, so we can start wafers in those fabs by the end of the year, but I don't expect to see them qualify for production until sometime in middle of next year when we could start to actually generating revenue on product coming out of that.
Ron Slaymaker: So near term over the next six months the capacity expansion is a combination of 200-millimeter equipment that we've redeployed and spanned out through various fabs as well as the assembly test equipment. And then as we move through 2011, first half will be primarily affected by RFAB increasing and then second half would be a combination of further increases at RFAB as well as the 200-millimeter Spansion fab that would be in production by call it mid-2011.
Kevin March: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Freedman of Gleacher and Company.
Doug Freedman - Gleacher & Company: Kevin, you guys have had a very successful acquisition strategy that's worked along the way and helped drive some of the market share gains you're seeing. Is it possible for you to quantify for us what impact your acquisitions have had on market share gains and how you are looking at acquisitions going forward?
Kevin March: Doug, actually I can't comment on that because I don't know the specific answer to that question. I'm sorry. It's clearly important to us in that most of these acquisitions that we've done are quite small and when we expose to the extent that becomes product mix [ph] exposure to our sales force, we find those very attractive because often times we can sell the product as fast enough to recover our purchase price and furnish our order, but beyond that to say how much its actually increased our market share gains, Id be a bit hard to press, really articulate a number right now because I just don't know the answer to that.
Doug Freedman - Gleacher & Company: Sure, if I could focus a little bit on what's happening with all the cash? You guys did a nice job of buying back some stock this quarter. Can you let us know is there is any change in thinking between buybacks and dividends and then also what your thoughts are on your hiring plan and if you could, what is your outlook for your own internal IT budgets?
Kevin March :  I heard three questions in there, but I'll give
Doug Freedman - Gleacher & Company: That's right.
Kevin March : Yes, the multiple choice; you can pick your favorite.
Doug Freedman - Gleacher & Company: You didn't answer the first one.
Kevin March: Doug, on the cash, as you observed, we didn't pick up our buyback since last year. We bought back $500 million of shares in the first quarter and $750 million in the second quarter. As we've been doing  by the way, we have about $1.3 billion of unexpended authorization remaining. As we've done over the past few years to the extent that stock buybacks remain accretive that will be one way that we use cash, but really its important to note that the first priority for our cash is to just towards [ph] growth and that will be as you've been seeing us do either through acquisitions of companies, as we acquired in about a few moments ago, or opportunistic acquisition of capacity. And of course, the third way that we use the cash is in the form of when the Board approves to deliver back to shareholders in dividends. On the hiring front, I don't have any specific comments on that other than to say that as we bring on these factories, we've already talked about in the Richardson fab that several hundred people will hired to staff that fab as the equipment comes online, and we did mention in the acquisition announcement last week of the Spansion factories that we would hire almost all of the people that are there, that's 450 plus people that we'd hired there. And as to the IT budget, that's something my CIO would like to know and I'll talk to him about when we do annual plan times for next year.
Ron Slaymaker: So, we'll get back to you on that one, Doug. Kevin, let me ask you a question just on Spansion. So we have roughly 500 people that we may be have employees  that employed and we don't have output until sometime mid 2011 in terms of TI Analog product, how do we  I mean are those costs going to be a drag on TI profitability over the next year I guess is the question?
Kevin March : We expect to be providing continuing transition services. Spansion is already supplying to a customer out of that factory and we expect to continue to do that while we're bringing our own manufacturing processes in there and to a large extent, we would anticipate those transition services would largely offset our carrying costs of that operation while we're bringing up our Analog processes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Smigie of Raymond James.
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: I was hoping you could talk about the Analog a little bit here. In terms of the high volume Analog and logic, would you say that that is back to levels that you were at, at the peak, Im just trying to understand what's driving the 50-ish percent type growth there, and how we should be thinking about that growth going forward?
Ron Slaymaker: Steve, I dont -- off the top of my head, I dont have the data on HVAL back to say second half, 07 so I dont know whether were -- how the comparison is as to how we moved back to peak levels.  We certainly know weve moved very aggressively off of the -- off of, I would say the last five quarters. I think first quarter 09 was when we saw that revenue bottom and its grown very nicely since then and we would say that represents really a turnaround of business. Its not just -- Ill call the cyclical bounce back in that revenue but in fact a lot of the things that we had been talking about really since I believe it was the May 08 analyst meeting that we had done to restructure and create efficiencies in that business are in fact coming to fruition. So again, thats where we would declare it truly as a turnaround as opposed to a cyclical recovery and we do expect HVAL to continue really what youve seen over the last year, which is to grow consistent with the other two Analog businesses and contribute consistent with those -- with the overall analog revenue as opposed to the drag that it had been previously. Do you have a follow on, Steve?
Steven J. Smigie - Raymond James: Yeah, if you could just -- how meaningful is the logic within that high-volume analog sales growth going back? Is it really the analog or is logical participating actually there and just -- I know you dont give too much detail on the breakout, but is it meaningful, whats in that HVA?
Ron Slaymaker: Yeah, I would describe it this way, its a relatively small part of that business overall. There is commodity, product and more in that area so we have -- I dont want to say its not meaningful; certainly its meaningful although its a pretty small part of that HVAL business and even inside of that space, you would have to say there is a trend away from commoditization as they try to address more higher valued opportunities within there so its relatively small and getting smaller as a percent of the total from a logic perspective. Okay Steve, thank you for your question and I think operator, we are going to have time for one additional caller and well stop there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tim Luke of Barclays Capital.
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: Thanks. Kevin, I was wondering if you guide up two to ten and bearing in mind that you saw some weakness at the end of the quarter in the wireless area. Are you expecting that to be broadly seasonal now, having seen the softness at the end of last quarter or how should we think about that?
Kevin March: Well, I think that Ron characterized earlier that if you take out last year seasonally, you might see 3Q grow to something like 5% in our forecast right now. The middle of our forecast is something like 6% right now so were probably in a round, seasonal kind of growth and honestly, its pretty broad based, its across all of our product lines, theres no one area that were looking as being different from what wed normally expect versus any other area right now.
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: Thanks Ron. Just with respect to the regions, I was wondering if either of you had any color on how you had seen the order patterns from Europe develop as youd gone through the quarter and if we begin to look at the third quarter -- obviously one recognizes that your capacity constraints have too much impact but can you give some color on what youve seen out of that region?
Ron Slaymaker: Tim, I dont have data on the order patterns by regions but I do on revenue and what I would say specific to Europe is Europe grew pretty much the same pace as our revenue did overall so if theres weakness to come, its still ahead of us. We did not see it at all in the second quarter. So again, Europe, revenue grew at the same pace as TI revenue did overall last quarter. Okay Tim, thanks for your question and overall, thank you. Were going to wrap up. Thank you for joining us.  A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: And this does conclude todays conference call. We thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-27 17:30:00) =====
Executives:  Ron Slaymaker  VP and Head of IR Kevin March  SVP and CFO
Analysts: Christopher Danely  JP Morgan Tristan Gerra  Robert Baird Uche Orji  UBS Shawn Webster  Macquarie Tore Svanberg  Thomas Weisel Partners Adam Benjamin  Jefferies Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs Srini Pajjuri  CLSA Sumit Dhanda  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch Steve Smigie  Raymond James Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Glen Yeung  Citi John Pitzer  Credit Suisse Doug Freedman  Broadpoint Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein Tim Luke  Barclays
Operator: Good day and welcome to Texas Instruments first quarter 2010 earnings call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Vivian. Good afternoon and thank you for joining our first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TIs CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TIs website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TIs results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as TIs most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for June 8th. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. In todays call, we will address TIs plan for growth, we will talk about our progress to transform TI to a company-focused on Analog and Embedded Processing, how its driving our growth today, and our plans to support growth in the future. Well address near-term trends and inventories and lead-time, as well as our strategy for capacity to make sure we are positioned to grow in the years ahead. Revenue in the first quarter slightly exceeded the high end of our range of expectations. Earnings landed at the top end of our expectations. Demand was strong and broad across end markets and regions, while supply chains across the electronics industry continue to be constrained, and inventories appear to remain lean. Revenue in the quarter was up 7% sequentially and 54% compared with a year ago. Analog, Embedded Processing, and our core Wireless products, excluding baseband, were TIs growth drivers in first quarter 10 and we are investing to accelerate their growth from here. They received about 90% of our R&D investments in the first quarter. These businesses comprised 66% of our first quarter revenue, up from 61% a year ago and 58% in the first quarter of 2008. Analog revenue grew 8% sequentially and was up 70% from the year-ago quarter. Once again, all three of our major analog product areas were strong contributors to this growth with each expanding about equally from its fourth quarter level. For HVAL, this was the fourth consecutive quarter of solid sequential growth further evidencing the turnaround in this business that we told you to expect and that is now being achieved. A more important metric could be that our Analog revenue is up 8% compared with the third quarter of 2008, a quarter before the industry entered the downturn. While not all of our peers have reported, I believe this growth will compare favorably when results are in. The importance of this metric is that it captures performance a very longer period of time and indicates who is growing stronger out of the downturn. We are working to extend our lead with investments weve made in product technology, sales support, and manufacturing capacity. Just last week, we bought another 100 tools for 300 millimeter analog production, taking off phase two of RFAB. Embedded Processing revenue grew 7% sequentially and was up 39% from a year ago. As a reminder, the year-ago quarter benefitted from growth in our communications infrastructure business, as China deployed 3G infrastructure. The strongest areas of growth this quarter in both comparisons were in our catalog products that are used in a wide range of applications. Catalog microcontroller products were especially strong in the year-ago comparison. Similar to Analog, Embedded Processing revenue was up 3% from the third quarter of 2008, which should compare favorably to competitors. Wireless revenue declined 5% sequentially and was up 27% from a year ago. Baseband revenue of $424 million fell 9% sequentially and was up 6% from a year ago, reflecting a stronger mix of 3G products. Basebands are now down to 13% of TI revenue compared with 15% in the fourth quarter and 19% in the year-ago quarter. Revenue of $293 million collectively from applications processors and connectivity products was even with the fourth quarter and was up 80% from a year ago. This was up 12% compared to the third quarter of 2008, another indication of our strong performance in the smartphone market. I should note that we have moved our low-power wireless product from our Analog segment to our Wireless segment. We made this move because the wireless organization is better suited to support the significant growth opportunity. This low-power wireless product line is based on products that were included in or subsequently developed from our 2006 acquisition of Chipcon. Revenue from these products was $68 million in 2009. We have a chart on our website that shows our Analog and Wireless segments historically adjusted for this change. Other revenue grew by 19% sequentially. Royalties increased, and we had a strong sequential growth in custom ASIC products as well as growth in DLP products and calculators. From a year ago, Other revenue grew 68%, mostly due to strong growth in DLP products where revenue more than doubled as well as strengthened loyalties, custom ASIC products and calculators. From a geographical perspective, almost all of the sequential revenue growth came from the US, Asia-Pacific, and Japan regions. Turning to distribution, re-sales or sales out of our distribution channel were up more than 10% sequentially. We believe this represents share gains across multiple distributors. Even with the strong resale growth, we were able to help distributors build some inventories to support future growth. Even so, distributors total weeks of inventory remain about five, similar to last quarter and low by historical standards. Now Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks, Ron. And good afternoon, everyone. Our gross profit expanded by 6% sequentially this quarter, as revenue grew. Gross margin declined slightly by 20 basis points to 52.7% of revenue. Operating expenses increased $27 million from the fourth quarter. As I explained in January, this was mostly the result of higher compensation expenses that resulted from our stronger financial outlook for 2010. For example, accruals for employee profit sharing and annual raises in February. Operating expenses were 23% of revenue in the quarter within our planned operating models. Restructuring charges in the first quarter were $10 million. This was for US pension plan settlement accounting associated with actions that occurred in 2008 and 2009. The distribution of these charges across our segments is included in our earnings release. Operating profit for the quarter was $950 million, 9% higher than the prior quarter due to higher gross profit. From the year-ago quarter, operating profit was up $940 million due to higher gross profit. Operating margin in the quarter was 29.7% of revenue. Net income in the first quarter was $658 million or $0.52 per share. Included in net income was $7 million of discreet tax charges that were associated with the change in tax treatment of Medicare retiree growth subsidies. Ill leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release. However, let me make just a few comments. Cash flow from operations was $710 million. This was down from the last quarters $1 billion due to higher receivables. Cash flow from operations was up in the year-ago quarter due to higher net income. Capital expenditures declined sequentially to $219 million in the quarter. Expenditures included the purchase of additional assembly and test equipment as well as additional analog wafer fab equipment. Our process qualification work at our 300 millimeter analog wafer fab, RFAB, is producing good results. The initial wafers that we began producing in January have completed processing with good early yields. We continue to track well to our goal in our full process production qualification before the end of this year. In the quarter, we used $504 million to repurchase 20.6 million shares of TI common stock and pay dividends of $149 million. We were able to increase our inventory by $74 million in the quarter with most of the additional inventories stages as work in process to support our forecasted higher 2Q revenue. Inventory days held steady at 76. Consistent with what we described in our mid-quarter update, our delivery performance has continued to improve and our lead-times have continued to decline, as we bring additional manufacturing capacity online and get better positioned with inventory. Even as we have begun an orderly process of reducing lead-times, demand from our customers has remained strong. Orders in the quarter were $3.64 billion, up 12% sequentially. TIs book-to-bill ratio was 1.14 in the quarter, up from 1.08 in the fourth quarter and our strongest book-to-bill ratio since the second quarter of last year. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.31 billion to $3.59 billion in the second quarter or 3% to 12% sequential growth. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of 56 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. We will continue with where Kevin left up there.
Kevin March: Actually what Ill do is back up maybe a paragraph. Im sure thats caused a bit of distraction for everybody. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.31 billion to $3.59 billion in the second quarter, or 3% to 12% sequential growth. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.56 to $0.64. Our estimates for 2010 R&D, depreciation, and capital expenditures are unchanged from last quarter. In summary, as the recovery continues to gain momentum, we are seeing the results from investments that we maintained even through the depths of the downturn. We have products well positioned, and field sales and applications team is second to none. Our production output is at an all-time high, and we have a multi-year ramp in capacity underway that will allow us to support our customers and therefore our shareholders with strong growth potential. And this capacity, both fab and assembly or test, is being procured at cost levels that will also advantage us competitively without burdening TI with a lot of fixed costs. We see this strategy as having lots of upside opportunity and manageable downside risk. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. While we are building the queue for Q&A, let me take a moment to remind you that we will be holding our 2009 Financial Analyst Meeting in New York next Thursday, May 6, starting at 2:00 PM Eastern Time. The meeting will be webcast. So if you are able to join us in person, pleased join the webcast. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Slaymaker. (Operator instructions) And we will take our first question from Christopher Danely with JP Morgan.
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, are you there? Operator, why dont we move to the next caller and we will come back to Chris? Operator, are we still online?
Operator: Yes, sir. One moment please. And Mr. Danely, please go ahead, sir.
Christopher Danely  JP Morgan: Can you guys hear me?
Ron Slaymaker: We can hear you now, Chris.
Christopher Danely  JP Morgan: All right. Thanks. First question is on the gross margins, why were the gross margins down despite the increase in sales? And can you just maybe give us a sense of where gross margins can go for the rest of the year?
Kevin March: Yes, Chris, you may recall that in January when we had our fourth quarter earnings release and our first quarter call, I mentioned that we were reinstating compensation changes  compensation increases for everybody in 2010 and that we also based upon our higher outlook, we see related compensation such as profit sharing going up. And so really what you are seeing is the effect of that going through the gross margins line. In fact, if you adjust for that, the fall-through would be very closely better than expected it.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Christopher Danely  JP Morgan: If you could just talk about where you can expect gross margins to trend for the rest of the year, i.e., can they go up much or will the compensation continue to impact?
Kevin March: Yes, weve established a gross margins target of 55% gross margin and 30% operating margin. And we remain very confident being able to achieve those. The main driver of that of course is going to be just the revenue mix, as we go forward. I think Ron mentioned already that Analog and Embedded Processing and the core Wireless Products are now about 66% of our total revenue that become a richer mix in most and a very nice gross margins. We would expect that mix to continue to richen up as we go through the year and the years follow, and the gross margins will move up accordingly. Beyond that, I wont really give a specific time period as to when we think we will be achieving that 55% gross.
Ron Slaymaker: Kevin, could you speak just a minute on the compensation, how much of what we saw from fourth to first with kind of a one-time moving into the New Year versus what we just expected quarter-to-quarter going forward?
Kevin March: Yes, thats a good point, Ron. The compensation changes that you saw in the first quarter, our annual raises are actually effective from February. So we saw two-thirds of the effect of that in the quarter. So well see a bit more of that going into second quarter where the total rate will burden the quarter. And just on our outlook, our accruals that we take for other compensation for other compensation-related incentive type things such as profit sharing to be adjusted as well.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thank you, Chris. And lets move to the next caller, please.
Operator: And we will go next to Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra  Robert Baird: Hi, good afternoon. Sounds like your utilization rates went up in Q1, which I think maybe above the flattish expectation you had last quarter? And also if you could talk about your expectation in Q2 relative to your capacity ramps.
Kevin March: Yes. Tristan, our utilization rate really didnt move that much. It was very consistent what we talk about. While we do expect utilization go up a little bit next quarter, its going to be that much again. We have  you may have noticed from our balance sheet, we are able to build some inventory in the first quarter even with our utilization not changing by that much. That helps position us well for growth going into the second quarter. And so we have just a small  relatively small additional wafer starts, we will be able to reach those types of revenue numbers that we gave in the guidance.
Ron Slaymaker: And Tristan, we dont really have expectations that we are sharing on our second quarter utilization as that will really tie more to our third quarter expectations. Do have a follow-on, Tristan?
Tristan Gerra  Robert Baird: Also, given your expectation to face up the baseband business, are you changing your pricing strategy there or is it pretty much in line with what youve done in the past and perhaps also some pricing comments on the analog side of the business?
Ron Slaymaker: Tristan, I really dont have comments on baseband pricing. Again, most of our pricing there tends to be driven more by longer-term contracts, but since most of our baseband revenue really goes to a single customer, it would be inappropriate for us to talk about pricing trend. With respect to analog, really no abnormal changes there. I think the analog pricing, in general, especially in the high performance area tends to be very stable. And in areas like HVAL where it may tend to trend down over time, it tends to trend down based upon longer-term pricing agreements, and those are well understood trends that we engineer for. If I can broaden that, the only area where we have seen pricing that moves more with the near-term market environment would be on the commodity areas. And weve set pricing last quarter so that pricing has trended up. And in fact, we saw that as well in the first quarter. Okay, Tristan. Thank you. And lets move to the next caller please.
Operator: We will go next to Adam Benjamin with Jefferies. Please check your mute function, Mr. Benjamin. Okay. We will go next to Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji  UBS: Thank you very much. Can you hear me?
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, we can, Uche.
Uche Orji  UBS: Ron, just one quick question, Ron. I mean, when you look at your revenue growth in the last three or four quarters, which have been fairly strong, and we try to consolidate with the ultimate end market, be it industrial, be it wireless. Are you concerned at all that inventory might be (inaudible) down the line with the OEMs. I mean, it just seems to be  evidently, you kind of categorize this yourself and try to figure out why this is happening, because that seems to be little bit of a disconnect with the stress [ph] we have seen with the component growth as of the end market themselves?
Kevin March: Uche, I guess the advice I would have in doing that comparison is, you cant have the starting point be in the last three or four quarters, because in the first half of last year, especially first quarter of last year and probably even starting at fourth quarter 08 as the downturn really started to take force, we were significantly under-shipping our customers, as they were reducing inventory. So, to look at growth trends coming off of that bottom when we were under-shipping customers is probably not an appropriate metric. I do believe that  first of all, lets talk about the customer inventory. You heard us say first of all with respect to distribution, our channel inventory. We were able to get some inventory built there, but weeks of inventory maintained at about five, which is by any historical metric point to be lean. We have an additional significant percentage of our OEM customers where we are managing their component inventory because its business thats done on a consignment basis. And we know that its lean, and it tends to be very productive fab-turning inventory. So if you put distribution and the OEM consignment programs together, that represents about two-thirds of TIs revenue base. So that leaves about one-third of the customers that we have, frankly, less direct visibility into their inventory level. But Uche, all signs and indications that we pick up is that inventories remain lean. As I said, this is a general supply chain type of consideration that inventories are lean. The customers are trying to build inventory and bring in products consistent with our end demand. But they are really not to a point where they have been able to significantly increase inventory from the days or weeks basis. So certainly we watch it, we watch relative growth, we talk to customers about their needs and all of that. But we havent seen anything to this point that is setting off any kind of alarm. In fact, if anything, we are still the other way around where we are trying to continue to pull up our supply to be able to fully meet the customers demand with the service levels that they are used to from TI. Okay. Uche, do you have a follow-on?
Uche Orji  UBS: Yes, I do actually. Thanks for the answer. My follow-on is, if I look at the other revenues, that seems to be a very meaningful contributor to margins. I mean, one of the key contributors there of course is the royalties. Can you give us any comments as to whats driving royalties at the moment? What  if you dont give us the actual size of that number, but just to get a sense of whats driving royalties right now. I know you started to deal with DRAM companies, and what the acquisitions are. And also within DLP, if you can also talk about what the acquisitions are within that? Thats my last question. Thank you.
Kevin March: Uche, I think on the royalty front, naturally thats a function of how well our licensees are doing. And in general, weve got a strong market going on. I will quantify any of the business units underneath the Other segment other than to say whats up and whats down. Royalties was up sequentially. DLP was also up quite a bit. That also happens to be a very attractive margin business. And thats on the strength of projectors. In fact, not only quarter-over-quarter, but also year-over-year, if I recall, I believe it doubled on a year-over-year basis. And going forward, we are seeing continued strong demand, especially for the DLP into the future. Again, not being specific on that area because we dont really forecast  forecast below the company level. Overall, what we will see next quarter just so its not lost on folks, as we calculate our business, its inside the Other segment. And you may recall, that has a seasonally stronger second and third quarter thats when the back-to-school selling season happens. And so we will typically see an uptick from 1Q to 2Q for that business, and we are expecting about $65 million to both 1Q and 2Q in terms of revenue there, typically go up a little bit in the third quarter and then drop off again in the fourth due to the seasonal nature of that business.
Ron Slaymaker: Uche 
Uche Orji  UBS: Thank you very much.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes. Let me make a couple comments also just on whats driving that DLP strength, because certain part of it is the year-ago effect of markets being weak in inventory. But actually inside of DLP, education is a very big market driver for our front projector products. And we are seeing a lot of strength now, especially for example in Asia, as schools and classrooms over there start deploying DLP projectors and the classrooms similar to what may a difficult year had done. And DLP has a very significant reliability advantage that makes it attractive to educational systems. The other thing that is more recently starting to play out is a differentiator for our DLP front projectors is they are 3D capable. And so you certainly know about 3D and the cinema, but actually educational systems are using a 3D capability to help students better visualize things that wouldnt normally pop out in tech books or in 2D diagrams. And then certainly, you dont have to look very far to realize how big 3D is with movie cinemas these days. And what I would just say is almost all of that is being done on TI-based DLP projectors. Okay Uche, thank you for your questions, and well move to the next caller.
Operator: Well go next to Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn Webster  Macquarie: Yes, thank you. Can you hear me?
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, sir.
Shawn Webster  Macquarie: Okay, yes. I was wondering  you said that five weeks wasnt  was still lean. What is that historically? And in terms of your lead-times, when do you think they will be going to a more normal level?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. The historical distribution has one in the eight to nine weeks range, and thats over the past few years, maybe excluding last year. But if we go back longer  if we go back further in history, they would have even carried more weeks of inventory. Certainly, part of the reason that inventory levels have come down are just structure things that weve done from a consignment program. And just as a refresher today, we actually started, I guess it was in June of 2008, pulling consignment programs to distribution. Today about 30% of our distribution revenue is supported by consignment. So structurally, that will tend to bring down inventory levels. But even accounting for that inventory levels, distributors remain lean. And Kevin, do you  would you like to answer the second?
Kevin March: On lead-times, Ron mentioned during the mid-quarter earnings conference call that we have already begun to pull in lead-times, as weve been bringing on capacity to deal with the high levels of demand that weve had. And we have further programs, as we came out of the quarter. We still have a number of products that have been kind of longer than we prefer at this point that we bring significant progress coming to the first quarter. And remind me that we are going to continue installing additional capacity for each of the quarters of 2010, and we expect that should greatly enable our ability to bring new accounts back to the normal level.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Shawn?
Shawn Webster  Macquarie: Yes, please. I was just wondering if you could provide us some color on how your order books looking going into Q2, what areas do you expect strength from, and what area do you expect the least growth?
Kevin March: Shawn, we dont break our guidance down into particular markets. So I probably need to stay away from that. However, let me just say, thus far in the quarter, which is what, 26 days, orders are strong and fully consistent with the guidance that we just provided to you.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Shawn, thank you. And well move to the next caller.
Operator: Well go next to Tore Svanberg with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Tore Svanberg  Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes. First of all, just going back to the lead-time topic, can you just put some parameters or numbers around where lead-times have been and where they are now?
Kevin March: We are talking about tens of thousands of part number series. There really is no one answer, but lead-times that were, say, in excess of 12 weeks, total back in to the eight to 10-week kind of range. Lead-times that were in excess of 16 and pulling back into the 12, 14 kind of range, it kind of seems across the board where unfortunately more and more of our products are moving back into a normal lead-time for that particular product, not all the saying that depends on the manufacturing process. Some process would take longer naturally than other processes. But the lead-times are all beginning to move back in consistent with those processes. But as I said, there is still some work to do on that that should be dealt with as new capacity continues to come online this year.
Ron Slaymaker: Hey, Tore. One way of thinking about it, I guess at mid-quarter, we were seeing data that allowed us to believe they had stabilized. And I think I described as we were making slight improvements in lead-times. Since then weve seen a lot of progress. And I would describe  compared to slight improvements at mid-quarter, I would describe the improvement as significant at this point. So they have turned. They have turned very clearly in the right direction, and we are making significant progress. Do you have a follow-on, Tore?
Tore Svanberg  Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes, one. You said the HVAL bases has grown four consecutive quarters and has fully recovered. Can you just talk a little bit about some of the bigger end markets that have been responsible for that recovery, please?
Kevin March: Yes. The only thing I would say is, I dont know what I would say if fully recovered. I think we certainly believe we have it well on a path and we think the turnaround that we had talked about, I think, really for a couple of years now is well underway. But there are still  there is still work to do. There is still additional progress to be made in terms of further diversification of those products in the markets that we are working through. I think if you look at HVAL, really isnt a single market, a variety markets. Its even specific to first quarter, clearly computing and peripherals that we participate in with those products would include areas like printers, but maybe more significantly would be hard disk drive. Those were some examples. Probably automotive would be another one that I would mention as a notable area of improvement.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Tore. Thank you. And well move to next caller please.
Operator: And well go next to Adam Benjamin with Jefferies.
Ron Slaymaker: Hello, Adam. Welcome back.
Adam Benjamin  Jefferies: Thanks, guys. Sorry for the snap though. Just had a follow-up on the lead-times, with the lead-times coming in on the back end mostly, can you talk a little bit about cancellations that youve seen maybe on a relative basis in Q4 and then comparing that to Q1 and then what youve seen so far in this quarter?
Kevin March: Adam, I can answer that pretty quickly. Weve seen no change in lead-times. There is no abnormal cancellation. Pardon me. No change in cancellations. We will have no more adjustments there at all. In fact, I would just observe it during the quarter, even though we were improving the lead-times on a considerable basis, but again we did see (inaudible) orders in the quarter. We talked about earlier that book-to-bill (inaudible) 1.14. So really showing that customers continue to have significant demand for our products.
Ron Slaymaker: I think  to be honest there, I know there has been a lot of investor and analyst concern and worry about what will happen when lead-times pour in and what  how that might affect orders. But beyond that, I think that kind of focus really is missing the force for the three. In this type of very strong demand environment. So was there any noise in the order line associated with our changing lead-times? There could have been, but it was more than plump by just rising in demand, rising production from our customers. So again, I just  I would caution against getting to micro-focused on that detail and focus more on just the recovering economy and what thats driving in terms of demand for semiconductors. Adam, do you have a follow-on?
Adam Benjamin  Jefferies: Let me just follow up kind of on a longer term basis on gross margin, I know in this quarter you mentioned youre layering on some comp and some CapEx. And Im just curious if you move throughout this year and really into next year how youre thinking about the gross margin and where we should be thinking about where that can trend to?
Kevin March: Adam, weve been talking for a couple years now about gross margins working their way as we rebuild the portfolio to a 55% kind of structure. And thats not to say that the ceiling of our floors to say that our portfolio should be able to deliver that on a fairly reliable basis. Going forward, we continue to be even more confident that we will be in those kind of gross margins, especially as we see analog and embedded processing becoming a bigger mix of our revenue overall. On the CapEx front, weve talked for a while about CapEx probably running in the 5% to 8% kind of range  percent of revenue. And in fact, we are consistent with that. I was just looking over some data this morning, and our capital spending for the last 12 months has been almost exactly 8% of revenue, which bodes well for depreciation as we move forward also. So we should see depreciation throughout  on the gross margin. In addition to that, weve been acquiring capital at extremely attractive prices. So we are getting more capacities than we would normally get dollar-for-dollar of capital spend, which bodes very well for being able to grow our top line, which is where we are highly focused inside the company is driving top line growth at this point as opposed to trying to adjust the gross margin models.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thank you, Adam. And lets move to the next caller please.
Operator: We will go next to Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks guys so much for taking the question. I appreciate it. If we look forward the 300 millimeter fab getting ramped up, how quickly do you think realistically you could gain some kind of meaningful share coming out of that fab?
Kevin March: Jim, the schedule right now is for them to be shipping its first production worth product by the end of this year. We  as Ron mentioned, we just started Phase II expansion in that factory. The Phase I was to give us $1 billion of incremental revenue capacity. Thats what we announced a couple quarters ago. Phase two is a second $1 billion of revenue capacity, and we have just begun bringing equipment  just purchased equipment last week to support that, and we will be bringing that in very quickly. We would expect to probably have some fairly meaningful revenue begin to come out of there in 2011.
Ron Slaymaker: On that second phase offer?
Kevin March: Yes.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. All right. Jim, do you have a follow-on?
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: Ill stay on that. When do we think the first phase would be complete? I understand you will ship product in the fourth quarter, but when would that phase one be kind of fully ramped?
Ron Slaymaker: Jim, thats going to be a functional demand I guess. Kevin would like to really forecast all the way out to the end of 2011 as to when each of those pieces of machines would be fully utilized, but they will certainly be ready to be fully utilized as we come out of this year and go into next year.
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: Okay, okay. So sometime early in 2011 then?
Kevin March: Generally available and we just wait for the orders.
Ron Slaymaker: Great, better. Thank you, Jim.
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: Well go to the next caller.
Operator: And we will go next to Srini Pajjuri with CLSA.
Srini Pajjuri  CLSA: Thank you. Kevin, a couple of questions. One, on accounts receivable, it went up a bit in the quarter. Given the tightness. I would have expected it to remain flat or actually come down a bit. If you can give us a bit more color to whats going on there/
Kevin March: Yes. In the fourth quarter, what typically happens on our shipments in the fourth quarter are actually a drop off a fair amount in December, as customers put their factories on holiday and so on. And so our receivables will tend to decline and our days of receivables will tend to go down. Coming out of fourth quarter into first, we are back into a more normal manufacturing environment with our customers, more uniform factory loadings and full hour shipments are more uniform across the quarter, which in turn by contrast to fourth quarter range of receivables levels up when your revenue grows and you wind up your days going up as well. If you look on a year-over-year basis, actually very consistent on these bases.
Ron Slaymaker: Just relative linearity between fourth quarter and first quarter shipments.
Kevin March: Right.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Srini, do you have a follow-on?
Srini Pajjuri  CLSA: Yes, Ron. On the pricing front, Ron, you mentioned that you are seeing some beneficial pricing on the commodity side. Now that the leads times are coming in, do we expect any changes to pricing? I mean, do you expect the prices to kind of revert to the normal declines. And if so, what kind of impact should we have to expect on the gross margin? Thank you.
Kevin March: Srini, I really dont want to try to forecast what commodity pricing might be. This is an area where first sometime I think since its really the beginning of the year, we have actually been on a what we call, controlled order entry process where customers just could not come in and place unlimited demand on us based upon a certain lead-time. We provide certain levels of support to customers that have been historic customers. And if competitors were having issues supplying product, we werent just going to be the benefactor for all of their customers to be able to gain support. So commodity really has been kind of a different environment for the last few quarters, very difficult for this part with this kind of market environment in terms of how we and how our competitors move to a controlled order entry process. But the statements about lead-time reductions and such have not yet applied to those commodity products. That was more statements about general products in a better processing, high performance analog power, HVAL, those types of product areas.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Srini. Thanks for your questions. And well move to the next caller.
Operator: Well go next to Sumit Dhanda with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Sumit Dhanda  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Yes, hi, guys. My first question, Kevin, you talked about OpEx going up and some impact to your cost line from higher compensation. A question on operating margins wise segment, it seems like that trend may have impacted all of your segments, but your Other segments. I was wondering what is special there. Was it just that royalty saw a bit uptick relative to everything else in the quarter?
Kevin March: Well, the Other segment actually doesnt have none of the staffing level that you see in the three primary segments. And so there is not that much compensation to run through there compared to the other ones. And then again we have just very high margin kind of cash cow items, if you will, that are in that segment. And so dollar-for-dollar they tend to fall through quite rich, but really its going to come down to  you just dont have as much compensation inside that segment thats going to see the changes that we saw in the Other segment.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on to that?
Sumit Dhanda  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Yes, I do have one. I know you refrained from commenting specifically on your baseband business into the second quarter. But just overall in terms of the year  do you expect the trends to be largely seasonal, better growth in 3G, offset by maybe some erosion in your hedge business? How should we think about it big picture basis?
Kevin March: Yes. Maybe if I can even move beyond this year, youve heard us say for some time and well say it again today that we expect our baseband revenue to be essentially zero by the end of 2012. So if you take our first quarter baseband revenue of $424 million, $425 million and trade line that to zero at the end of 2012, I think what you are going to find is there will likely be quarters above this line and quarters below the line. The exact profile of the decline is going to depend upon our customers success in the market and the mix of their 3G versus older technologies, as well as our customers  I'm sorry, our competitors progress in delivering baseband product to meet the customers needs. So maybe some additional color that can help you to your own analysis on this is if you consider that today 3G baseband represent about 75% of our baseband revenue. And thats up from about 50% a year ago as the market really has transitioned to these more advanced technologies. I think its well known that our largest customer is intending to multi-source their baseband. And I think what you can expect in 2010 is that competitors should begin to support the older technologies that represented 25% of our baseband revenue in the first quarter. And for 3G, we dont anticipate competitors to begin ramping new products there until sometime in 2011. So our revenue profile this year in 2010 is going to depend on how the competitive incursions compare against the ongoing market shift to 3G and also how our customer performs in that 3G market. So hopefully that provides you some level of insight. Okay. Thanks for your questions. And we will move to the next caller, please.
Operator: We will go next to Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Steve Smigie  Raymond James: Great. Thanks, guys. Im not sure if I missed it, but could you  if youve already discussed the mix of high performance in power versus HVAL within analog?
Kevin March: We didnt specifically break that out, Steve, nor do we  the only  we kind of do more on an annual basis. Think about last year, it was a mix of 30% HPA, 30% power, and the remaining 40% within the HVAL. But we dont provide quarter-by-quarter updates there. Do you have a follow-on, Steve?
Steve Smigie  Raymond James: Yes. Could you just at least give some color within HPA, what may be driving  I'm assuming thats up since we are rolling on up 7%. What product types are just generally driving that? Is it amplifiers, is it converters, et cetera? Just on a percentage basis, give us just color on whats wrong with that?
Kevin March: Yes, sure. From product standpoint, you named several of them there, operational amplifiers, data converters, and then also in the first quarter, industrial interface products or the areas that grew fast sequentially. And our high performance analog business, price similar to lot of the other HPA players that youve seen out there, really has a pretty strong exposure to the industrial market and is benefiting as the industrial market continues to have a pretty robust recovery here. So those product areas that I mentioned but didnt offer maybe more aligned with industrial market overall.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Steve. Thanks for your questions. And we will move to the next caller.
Operator: We will go next to Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys. Ron, just first a little clarification. You said in your baseband business, 3G was 75% and 50% last year. Did you mean last year as in the first quarter of last year or the entirety of last year?
Ron Slaymaker: First quarter of 2009. So first quarter 2009, 50%, and first quarter 2010 has migrated to 75%.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Do you have a kind of an average of what it was for the full year?
Ron Slaymaker: No, but Ill get to somewhere between those two numbers. Sorry, I dont have that data in front of me.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Thats probably a pretty good guess. The follow-on question, shifting gears to the order book, I know guys  the duration of those orders can be three or six-month orders depending upon the type of customer. Has your lead-time being pulled in started to be visible in the duration of orders that people are placing, three-month versus six-month?
Kevin March: I would suggest that with a 1.14 book-to-bill and a growth rate that we are suggesting probably will consume all those orders next quarter. You can pretty assume, Ross, that we are still seeing some orders in the north of three months kind of window. Nothing north of six months. We just dont recognize orders that far out. But probably a good portion of those in the three to six-month range. I dont have the exact breakout, but that would be my expectation.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Ross, thank you. And well move to the next caller.
Operator: Well go next to Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung  Citi: Maybe just following up on that last question, when you guys are getting orders now, are you going through a process of scrubbing those for anything you think may be kind of questionable order, and if your process any different now than may it has been in the past?
Ron Slaymaker: Glen, probably this is real simple. The process is the same as it has been for the last few quarters now. And so we are looking very closely at each order coming in and making sure that we are meeting true demand, what the customer needs to keep their lines up.
Glen Yeung  Citi: Okay, thanks for that, Kevin. And then my follow-up is on capacity growth. Are you guys able to quantify how much capacity you are bringing on maybe in 8-inch equivalent, lets say, by the end of this calendar year? And then can you compare that point to where you were at, say, the end of 2008, i.e., are you above your 08 amount of capacity or below?
Kevin March: Glen, I dont have those numbers. Certainly we talked about on the 300 millimeter the incremental revenue that that will give us. And we have talked about purchasing and deploying 200 millimeter equipment last year and more this year, but frankly, I dont have the numbers for you to give you any further answer on that.
Ron Slaymaker: We are clearly adding capacity. I think you saw, I believe it was in the release, every quarter of this year of  the starting point is production now for the first quarter is higher than its ever been and our capacity increases sequentially every quarter, as we move through 2010.
Glen Yeung  Citi: Maybe just to clarify that, was there some capacity decline from your peak capacity levels in 08?
Kevin March: No, we did not take any factories offline. The other factory weve taken offline in the last couple of years has been KFAB. And weve redeployed that. That was back in early 07. And then there was an older factory that we had acquired with the Burr-Brown acquisition in Tucson that we also ran down in the early 08 time frame. But during the downturn we took no capacity offline. In fact, weve added in the capacity.
Glen Yeung  Citi: Okay. All right, thanks.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Glen. Next caller please.
Operator: Well go to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: Yes, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, Kevin, if you guys hit the high end of your June guidance, you will start to see revenue that you saw make in sort of the December 07 time period. But gross margins are actually going to be down a little bit from that December 07 quarter. And I guess given that the mix has moved dramatically more towards analog, Im just trying to figure out how we should think about that?
Kevin March: John, I dont have the data in front of me from that time period back there. And Im not quite sure how you are modeling the gross margin assumption. I would just remind you that the OpEx will be up a little bit though again next quarter, as I mentioned earlier, on our full quarters overall compensation change. So I dont know how you are squeezing that through your model, but you should take note of that. But beyond that, I dont have the data in front of me for that time frame in 2007. So I cant respond to you well on that.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, John?
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: Yes. My follow-up, as we think about 300 millimeters coming online, how do we model that from a gross margin perspective? Is it just incremental depreciation or will you guys go through a couple quarters of kind of sub-optimal yields if we need to kind of work into the model?
Kevin March: Clearly, as we are ramping about, even as we speak, we are ramping up now. We are experiencing a cost there because everything that we are doing there is not inventory (inaudible) just being expensed. The way to think about the economics on that is, generally speaking, the die cost would be about 30% less than what the equivalent die would be on a 200 millimeter wafer. On LL parts, about 50% of your cost is in die and 50% is in the assembly or test. So you will get probably about 15% kind of manufacturing cost reduction in the apples-to-apples comparison to 8-inch. Thats really at the product level. And so as we look at turning that into analog revenue coming out of that factor, I think you can kind of model those numbers out and figure out the incremental gross margin, we will get out of that factory.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, John. Thanks for your question.
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: And well move to the next caller, please.
Operator: Well go next to Doug Freedman with Broadpoint.
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint: Great. Thanks for taking my question, guys. Ron, you offered some great detail on the ramp-down on the Wireless business in the baseband side. Can you actually talk more about whats happening on the business that you are keeping, that the apps processors and the connectivity and what you expectations are for that business throughout the year and into next year?
Ron Slaymaker: I dont have a specific forecast for you, but let me just say, its tied to a smartphone market where we believe you probably have smartphones growing on the order of 40% unit growth this year compared to last year. So being in a rapidly growing market is always a good thing. And then secondly, a thoughtful expectation that over the course of time we want to continue taking market share there across all the applications, processors, as well as the connectivity products. So its a combination. The strategy, as you might guess, is very attractive market in terms of growth, which is why weve centered up our wireless investment in that space and then also playing from the strength of our position and our technology with the OMAP applications processor. And then a lot of connectivity right now is a lot of integration of multiple connectivity technologies into pure chip, both for power consumption and cost. And we are absolutely leading that integration. I think near-term on OMAP, the growth driver will be just the deployment of OMAP 3, which is our latest production part, and soon to be followed up with OMAP 4, as you might guess. So weve got a good pipeline of technologies, and we have a great pipeline of design wins. OMAP 3 will be ramping more than 50 design wins over the course of the next  over the next year into production, and we think that points to a very attractive growth opportunity. Do you have a follow-on, Doug?
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint: Yes. Thats great color. Thank you, Ron. Kevin, for you, on the OpEx side, you keep mentioning your target model 55% and 30% for the operating margins. That would imply 25% OpEx spending. You are actually running under that. Are we going to get ourselves in trouble here thinking that its based at the present percentages, or should we be modeling that percentage to come back up? Then follow-on to that is, what is your present plan for use of cash and your fab ratios?
Kevin March: Doug, on the OpEx, we are mindful of computing that OpEx percent with baseband removed. We know its going to be going to zero at some point. And so when you do that, were actually at about 26%. So we will continue to be very disciplined in how we manage the OpEx for the foreseeable future. As to the use of cash, youve seen us over the last few years using cash flow (inaudible) and dividend increases. I cant make any specific forecast on those  on dividend increase of course because they are subject to Board approval. But as we continue to generate cash, we first try to deploy it internally for growth and to the extent that weve deployed as much as we can effectively growth with, then we will continue to do buyback and also continue to pay dividends to our shareholders. I dont have a specific payout ratio for you that tried to model in or (inaudible) communicate right now.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thanks, Doug. And well move to the next caller, please.
Operator: Well go next to Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question. Just one question on the operating margins by business units. The core business is the non-Other stuff they all compressed. Embedded compressed quite a bit differently than the others. It was down about 500 basis points versus about 100 to 200 basis points for Analog and Wireless. Can you give me some feeling for  were the compensation increases and OpEx increases by business unit about the same? And what does that imply for the gross margins of those individual businesses and the change in those gross margins out of this quarter?
Kevin March: Really the biggest thing is weve got to kind of carefully look at us, Stacy, is we are still redeploying internally. I think Ron mentioned in his remarks that about 90% of our total R&D is now going towards three growth areas, the Analog, Embedded Processing, and the non-baseband portion of Wireless. That transition has been underway for really very aggressively during 2009, but even started earlier than that. So what youre seeing on a quarter-over-quarter basis is a little bit more just to redeploy it. Again, some of that is coming out of the Other segment, going into Embedding Processing and so on. Weve also stepped up our staffing level there quite a bit in the sales that you accelerate the opportunities we see, especially in the microcontroller space with the 32-bit opportunities that we see emerging on that side.
Ron Slaymaker: Kevin, I think you had a lot of TI employees listening very carefully to how you are going to answer that question. Stacy, do you have a follow-on?
Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein: Got it. Yes, I do. Around the phase two for the 300 millimeter, can you give me a feeling for  you bought 100 tools. Is that how complete is the purchase for phase two? Can you give me a feeling for I guess the degree of discount you are getting for this equipment versus what you paid for phase one? I think phase one was, what, $173 million for the full 13,000 wafers per month?
Kevin March: Yes. Phase one actually supports part of phase two also by the way. One of the things that phase two is really good is on line balancing for us. So we spend about $75 million on those 200  on those 100 tools that we mentioned earlier. And we will be needing to acquire some more tools to complete phase two. Overall, spending will probably be below what we spent on phase one, but thats really because of your line balancing. And what I mean by that is some of the phase one equipment can support more than just incremental $1 billion of revenue weve been talking about. It supports into the $2 billion number. But without some of the line balancing equipment that phase two starts bringing and you really cant get that kind of fruit. So thats what you are seeing happening here. And our cost for that equipment so far in phase two has been quite similar to what we saw in phase one.
Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thank you, Stacy. So, Kevin, what you just said was that the phase two  put it this way. The equipment purchase requirement for our second billion dollars of revenue at our fab should be less than what was required for phase one, which was the first billion dollars. Is that correct?
Kevin March: Right.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. All right. And operator, were going to move to our final questioner here.
Operator: And we will go to Tim Luke with Barclays.
Tim Luke  Barclays: Hi (inaudible).
Ron Slaymaker: I didnt know of you, Tim. (inaudible) go ahead.
Tim Luke  Barclays:
 :
Kevin March: Tim, on the inventory build-out, if you look at into specific forecast on the inventory itself. I would just point out though, as I mentioned earlier to one of the other questions, at a 1.14 book-to-bill, really our orders are stronger than our outlook, which means we are getting orders that are probably out into the first quarter. And so in the second quarter, we will begin to build not only the second quarter deliveries but also third quarter deliveries. And to the extent that the revenue continues to grow, of course we have to build more inventory to support that. So you would see some growth if in fact we expect revenue to increase in the third quarter. But its too early for me to give you a forecast on that. But as to the lead-times reach a normal level, I think our customers would love if I could say right now, but the truth of the matter is, we do plan on continuing to put equipment in place for each of the quarters of 2010. And its really going to be a function of just how strong demand continues to be. If it keeps on coming in at the upper end of our forecast ranges, it will take us longer to get that lead-time cleared up. If it comes in around the midpoint or lower, well clean it up sooner. And clearly it is in our interest to try to get it cleaned up as quickly as possible, and Id like to say the 2010 numbers.
Tim Luke  Barclays: A follow-up if I may is, given what you've seen, and you had a stronger than expected beginning of the year in the first quarter, then seasonal traditionally and maybe seasonal-ish in the second quarter, do you feel that you're now entering an environment that's likely to play out after the second half of the year largely according to seasonal norms given what you see? Or do you feel, given the strength of the beginning of the year, that you might expect it to be somewhat more moderate than the norm? And obviously Rich, in recent speeches, has been talking about how it's unusual to see a book-to-bill of more than one for five quarters. And this is the fifth quarter. But on the other hand, it seems you're saying that you've seen quite good order strength through the beginning of this. Do you have any further thoughts that you might be able to sort of share or frame with us in terms of expectation on how that book-to-bill might begin to trend? Thank you.
Kevin March: Look, I can give you a short answer and say I probably dont know the answer to that question. But I would say that what we are seeing here is the results of economies are generally growing again and the consumers are beginning to spend again. We are seeing it in the automotive space. We are seeing the consumer space. We are seeing the industrial coming back. We know that inventories remain very lean, as weve been talking about. And it doesnt appear to us that they are likely to become that cleared up, if you will, in the first half. So that would suggest that we will continue to see some interesting growth as to exactly what size  I dont know how to forecast that for you right now.
Ron Slaymaker: So, Tim, one thing I would just add is, there has been a whole lot normal about this downturn and the subsequent recovery that weve gone through. I mean, I think the last 18 months has been highly unusual. So I wouldnt try to force it into any kind of normal pattern matching. And then I think the other comment I would make is if you look at our second quarter outlook of  the middle of the outlook really is pretty seasonal for TI in terms of the second quarter. So we dont have an outlook that we are issuing for second half, but at least the next quarter we can affirm our belief that it should be seasonal, at least in the middle of that range. Okay, Tim, thank you. And for all of you, thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-26 17:30:00) =====
Executives:  Ron Slaymaker  Vice President Investor Relations Kevin P. March  Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts:  Uchi Orji  UBS John Pitzer  Credit Suisse Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird & Co. David Wu  GC Research, LTD. Edward Snyder  Charter Equity Research [John Harbor]  Calyon Securities David Wong  Wells Fargo Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Securities James Covello  Goldman Sachs Stacey Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein Srini Pajjuri  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc. Craig Berger  FBR Capital Markets Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech Leonard Young  Citi Christopher Danley  JP Morgan 
Operator: Welcome to Texas Instruments fourth quarter and 2009 earnings call. Just a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time Id like to turn the call over to Mr. Ron Slaymaker.
Ron Slaymaker:  Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and year 2009 earnings conference call. As usual Kevin March, TIs CFO is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at www.TI.com/IR. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TIs website. A replay will be available through the web.  This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TIs results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as TIs most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Our mid quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for March 8th. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. In todays call well address growth, whats driving it and is it sustainable. Well also address inventory and provide our perspective on where they stand today in the supply chain. Finally, well discuss actions that were taking today to support continued growth in the future. Revenue in the fourth quarter was near the high end of our range of expectations. Earnings exceeded the top end of our range of expectations.  Sequential growth began in the second quarter of 2009 as our shipments normalized to customers production levels following a sharp inventory correction. We believe growth is not being fueled by standing production at our customers. Inventories through TIs and our customers supply chains are lean and growing end demand is stressing the entire supply chain.  Lets start with breaking down the fourth quarter revenue trends. Overall revenue was up 4% sequentially or 21% from a year ago. Sequentially our calculator revenue seasonally declined by $116 million. Our semiconductor revenue therefore grew about 9% sequentially. Our analog, embedded processing and wireless segments all contributed to sequential growth while the other segments declined due to the lower calculator revenue.  Analog revenue grew 9% sequentially and was up 27% from the year ago quarter. Again this quarter we had good contributions by all three of our major analog product areas to this growth. I described last quarter our high expectations for the long term opportunity that we have in the power management area of analog. Power was the fastest growing part of analog for TI this quarter as we penetrated new opportunities and gained share. Specifically, growth was strong in power supplies for computing applications, an area where our shares is rapidly expanding in a strong market. We also had strength in displays specifically LCD TVs as higher frame rates, LED backlighting and power efficiency become more important. As we saw strength in notebooks and Smartphones and for TI these are products such as white LED drivers and battery gagers. In HVAL, automotive was the fastest growing area sequentially and in HPA low power wireless products were the fastest growing. Embedded processing revenue grew 5% sequentially and was up 21% from a year ago. Catalog products were the bigger driver of this growth followed by automotive. Embedded processing should continue to benefit as the industrial markets strengthen. Wireless revenue grew 8% sequentially and 13% from a year ago. [Inaudible] revenue of $465 million grew 3% sequentially and was even with a year ago. Most of the wireless growth was driven by application processors and conductivity products. These products collectively grew 19% sequentially and grew 46% from a year ago. Other revenue declined by 9% sequentially due to the seasonal decline in calculator revenue and grew by 17% compared with a year ago. [DLP] was the biggest factor in this growth and more than offset a significant decline in risk micro processors from a year ago. From a geographically perspective, while sequential growth was fastest in the US and European markets, all regions grew. Compared with a year ago all regions were up except for the US market.  Turning to distribution resales or sales out of our distribution channel increased sequentially in the quarter as well as from a year ago. Distributor inventory was about even in the quarter and remains lean compared with historical metrics. Now, Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin P. March : Our gross profit continued to expand this quarter as revenue grew and utilization increased. Gross margin increased 150 basis points sequentially to 52.9% of revenue compared with the year ago quarter gross margin increased 890 basis points. Operating expenses were down slightly from the third quarter and declined $90 million from the year ago level. Operating expenses were 23% of revenue in the quarter, well within our planned operating model. Restructuring charges in the fourth quarter were $12 million, about the same as the third quarter and down $242 million from a year ago. The distribution of these charges across our segments is included in our earnings release. Operating profit for the quarter was $875 million, 15% higher than the third quarter mostly due to higher gross profit. From the year ago quarter operating profit was up $824 million primarily due to higher gross profit as well as lower restructuring charges.  Operating margin in the quarter was 29.1% of revenue. The last time we approached this level of profitability was the fourth quarter of 2007 when TIs operating margin was 28% of revenue. It is noteworthy that revenue is 18% higher in that quarter. Todays improved performance reflects the potential of our business model that is now focused on analog and embedded processes. We expect the benefits of this strategy to continue to accrue to TI and our shareholders in the years ahead. Net income in the fourth quarter was $665 million or $0.52 per share. Net income includes $16 million of benefits from discreet tax items. Ill leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release however, let me make just a few comments. All of the higher net income compared with last quarter fell through to higher cash flow from operations which was $1 billion in the quarter. This strong cash flow allowed us to increase our investments in manufacturing capacity, pay a higher dividend and repurchase more stock all while increasing our cash and short term investment balances.  Capital expenditures increased to $436 million in the quarter. This included our purchase of the Qimonda fab equipment as well as continued elevated expenditures to expand our assembly and test capacity. As weve discussed before the Qimonda equipment is going in to our 300 millimeter analog factory called RFAB. We have the initial pilot line in place today and have begun to process initial wafers. Were on track to achieve full production qualification before the end of the year.  We use $351 million in the quarter to repurchase 14.8 million shares of TI common stock and paid dividends of $149 million in the quarter. We increased cash and short term investments to $2.92 billion in the quarter. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and remains a competitive advantage to TI in this environment.  We were able to increase inventory by $86 million in the quarter, almost all in finished goods resulting in inventory days increasing to 76. This will allow us to continue to improve our customer service performance levels. Our delivery performance has been improving since mid November. Even so, our inventory remains lean in this strong demand environment.  TI orders in the quarter were $3.26 billion, up 5% sequentially. TIs book-to-bill ratio was 1.08 in the quarter, the same as last quarter. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $2.95 billion to $3.19 billion in the first quarter or -2% to 6% sequential growth. This compares favorably with our more typically seasonal decline of about 5% in the first quarter. We expect earnings per share to be in a range of $0.44 to $0.52. This EPS estimate includes the negative impact of a higher annual effective tax rate which we estimate will be about 31% in 2010. The increase in the tax rate includes our estimate for higher profits as well as the impact of the expiration of the federal R&D tax credit at the end of 2009. For 2010, our estimate for capital expenditures is about $900 million. We expect these expenditures to be weighted towards the first half of the year as we continue to expand our assembly and test capacity and install equipment in our 300 millimeter analog fab. Our estimate for 2010 R&D is $1.5 billion but even with our 2009 level. We estimate depreciation will be about $900 million this year, about the same level as 2009.  In summary, as the recovery continues to develop, we are seeing the results that we expected from our focus on analog and embedded processing. We are investing to position TI for growth in these strategic areas as evidenced by our investments in the industrys first 300 millimeter analog fab and our assembly and test capacity expansion as well as our continued investment in employing field sales and application resources in to the regions and markets that we expect to growth the fastest and were well positioned in the electronic markets that we expect to drive growth. For example, our position in bay stations is strong and continued data traffic increases should drive accelerated deployments of wireless infrastructure. Also, our products are well positioned in the industrial markets that are still in the early stages of recovery and theres a lot of pent up demand for PC upgrades especially in emerging markets for which well benefit from well positioned products such as our analog power management as well as products sold in to hard disk drives and other peripherals.  All of which gives us confidence that there is plenty of opportunities for TI and our shareholders ahead. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker : Operator, you can now open the line for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow up.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Uchi Orji  UBS.
Uchi Orji  UBS: The first question is on lead times, theres been some talk in the industry about lead times coming down, can you just give us some color as to whats happening to lead times across the various products that you have? Are there still some areas of shortages and tightness? Any color there will be helpful?
Ron Slaymaker : I cant break it out product-by-product but what I would describe is that our operations have responded aggressively to meet whats been some pretty strong increased demand across the last few quarters. But, with that increased demand our lead times have generally moved down as that demand has outpaced our supply. Id say it moved out fourth quarter overall relative to third quarter and thats very similar to how I described it back at the December update.  Were certainly investing in manufacturing equipment to relieve these operational bottlenecks especially in our assembly and test areas and to get the lead times pulled back again but to this point I would describe fourth quarter lead times generally moved out relative to third quarter. I will note what Kevin said in his prepared remarks that our delivery performance has improved since the mid November time period but were focused on getting delivery performance improved before we start pulling lead times back in.
Uchi Orji  UBS: Kevin, you made a point about gross margins and the fact that revenues are lower than some levels that you saw [inaudible] gross margin in 2007. If I look through the rest of the year can you just kind of walk me through what will be the key drivers of gross margin? Will it be utilization, demand, mix, any color you can give us to how to think about gross margins maybe for next quarter and also for the rest of the year if possible?
Kevin P. March : What I mentioned was operating margins had reached a new high versus where we were at in late 2007. On the gross margins we did turn in a solid growth quarter of about 52.9%. As we look forward as weve discussed in prior calls, we would expect that trend to continue to work its way up really as we move forward on a higher mix of analog and embedded processing as a portion of our total revenue.  From a utilization standpoint were getting back closer to more normalized utilization levels and so there is probably a little bit less to be expected on that front as we go forward and really its going to be much more driven by a higher mix of analog and embedded processing. I would add to that that wed expect to see some benefit also as we put in place low cost manufacturing and a good example is 300 millimeter analog fab that we just opened in Richardson.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Pitzer  Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: A couple of questions, first Ron when you look Q4 above seasonal your guidance for Q1 above seasonal to what extent do you think this is true demand pull versus the supply chain trying to refresh some inventory in the March quarter? And, how comfortable are you that you can tell the difference?
Ron Slaymaker : I dont know that we have great visibility in to our customers and their supply chains. I think we commented that our view was if you go back to fourth quarter and this is more anecdotal versus direct measurement, our view is that the supply chain truly all the way to end demand are lean on inventory. I think customers would have liked to have built inventory but to this point they are pretty much hand to mouth ramping their production to be able to support higher levels of end demand. Where we can measure is our own distribution channels and Ill just repeat what we said in the prepared remarks, inventory there was pretty much unchanged from the third quarter on resales that were higher. So again, our distribution channel inventories are clearly lean by any historical metric. 
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: Ron, were all hyper focused on lead times and when they might come in and what that might signal. When we look at the data you guys did a great job gaining market share despite pretty tight backend capacity, how would we think about your ability to gain share if you were able to grow backend capacity going in to Q2 or do you think youre leaving business on the table right now?
Ron Slaymaker : I think John if you look at most of our products, theyre proprietary or theyre differentiated products that customer dont have a lot of [inaudible] across different suppliers. I know there are some suppliers, especially in the analog marketplace that have been vocal and crowing about their short lead times but Ill also note those are the same analog suppliers that for the most part arent growing. I think although some of the analog competitors and suppliers are starting to show some sequential growth again I dont think any of our major competitors in analog has posted anywhere close to the 27% growth that our analog business just did from a year ago. That is not a statement that says we are satisfied with all aspects of delivery and customer service levels. Youve heard us say were doing a lot of investment to try to fix that. But, Ill also note that to a large part we were, especially when it comes to the analog space, I am not aware of too many suppliers that added capacity both fab capacity as well as assembly test capacity all the way through the downturn the way TI did.  I think what youre seeing in terms of lead times from TI simply reflects the demand that customers have for our products and to the extent that theres anything left on the table it really comes about because our customers may not be able to fully get everything they want in the near term that they would maybe desire from TI. But again, I think if you look at the investments we are making and generally the relationships we have with our customer base its pretty clear to us that they like where were headed, they like where were headed long term with the capacity investments were making and they believe CI is the analog supplier they want to bet on for the long term.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird & Co.
Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Do you see the potential for higher wafer pricing at foundries this first half? And, what is your strategy this year for in sourcing versus outsourcing?
Kevin P. March : Tristan our foundry agreements tend to be long term so we dont see anything in the way of short term price fluctuations on that front. As far as our foundry usage going forward well really do more of the same of what weve done in the past and that is increasing portion of our advanced digital capacity will come from foundries and well source pretty much the majority if not almost all of our capacity internally with a little bit of supplemental external.
Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird & Co.: How would you characterize US OEMs ordering patterns post Christmas? Do you think were back to normalized ordering patterns or do you still get a sense that people are still pretty cautious in the way they are ordering?
Kevin P. March : I would just offer up that our book-to-bill came in at 1.08 again, thats the second quarter in a row that it was 1.08. It has been positive almost all year so what were seeing I think from OEMs in general is that theyre giving us visibility in to their orders a little bit further out in time. That backlog is extending and so it could suggest an increasing level of confidence. It has given us the better ability to actually plan for their needs as well.
Ron Slaymaker : One other thing that I would add is there are orders, which basically about 60% of our revenue is supported by and then separately we have consignment programs where those customers provide us visibility in to their needs based on rolling forecasts from their MRP system. So again, 40% of our revenue on consignment and for that revenue basically order entry occurs at the same time as the revenue is recognized. So from an investor standpoint or externally you see that as all kind of what looks like turns business because the order comes in inside the same quarter that were shipping but from a visibility perspective their forecast provide us a more detailed visibility.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Wu  GC Research, LTD.
David Wu  GC Research, LTD.: In terms of the very unusual first quarter can you talk about what will have sequential revenue increase in Q1? Are they the same kinds of things that we saw in Q4 or are they other drivers for Q1 of 2010?
Ron Slaymaker : I think in Kevins prepared remarks he talked about some areas that we expect to be longer term drivers but what I would say is that inside of Q1, we dont specifically try and break our forecast out but we have some areas that typically are seasonally down that we expect to be seasonally down in first quarter. Then, we have other areas for example industrial, I think youve heard from a lot of suppliers that industrial usually tends to be seasonally strong in first quarter. Industrial was an end market that came on later in terms of its recovery and a lot of that strength is still ahead of us.  So I would say inside of that first quarter outlook you have a range of some areas seasonally down and other areas that are still kind of ramping driven by recovery and theres going to be a range inside of there.
David Wu  GC Research, LTD.:  Can you talk a little bit about the wireless business? The baseband business I guess has been perplexingly robust or stable throughout calendar 09 and I was wondering whats your visibility in to 2010 and can connectivity and application processor increase in a seasonally tough first quarter?
Ron Slaymaker : Youre right that seasonally wireless is an area that is typically down in first quarter so again, Im not going to try to forecast specifics about that segment or product lines inside of that segment. In terms of baseband, youre right I think if you look at the trends there youve seen sequential growth now three quarters in a row. The reality is I think we have some competitors that are late relatively to their original plans in bringing up their baseband product lines and until they do we are more than happy to continue to supply our customer with baseband products.  That being said, we have as weve described before stopped our investments in the baseband area but again, we will continue to supply that product as long as the customer needs us to provide it. That being said, even though the profile maybe has been a little bit surprising in terms of the sequential trends of late, we do expect or continue to expect that revenue basically to have ramped down by the end of 2012 such that we really have no remaining revenue in 2013.  So now real change in expectations on the end point although the last two quarters have certainly held up stronger than maybe we would have expected. Im not going to try to forecast 2010 other than to say or suggest look at various baseband alternative suppliers and make your own assessment as to when you think they are going to be positioned to ramp and especially I would say ramp on 3G products as thats where the strong majority of our sales continue to be.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Edward Snyder  Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder  Charter Equity Research: Everybody is trying to get their arms around the difference between inventory replenishment, a recovery in the economy and then market share gains. I know it is kind of difficult for you too given how widely diversified your analog business is but, since thats the big grower here maybe we can touch on that quickly. How do you determine whether or not, and we all talk about inventory, whether or not the channel is filing we understand that but how much of this is market share gain versus how much you say is economic recovery or do you just see as the quarter unveils that youre posting better sales than you would have expected and just go with it for as long as it will last? Can you give us some kind of feeling of where all the strength is coming from?
Kevin P. March : Ed, I dont know that we can give a high accurate answer but I can give you some anecdotal observations. Back to what Ron indicated earlier, if we look at the majority of our analog competitors, our analog business has continually outgrown them sequentially and year-over-year for several quarters in a row now. So it would certainly suggest that one side of the answer to your question is that were gaining some market share. But, as to how much of additional growth may be attributable to an inventory replenishment or economic recovery thats pretty much an impossible answer for us to give to you.
Ron Slaymaker : One thing I would say is I know a lot of time the term inventory replenishment gets thrown around but Ill just remind you that early in 2009 as the economy had turned down and there was a very serious inventory correction underway Ill just describe the channel overall, specifically our customers and their supply chain, our shipments in to that channel were well below what our customers were producing and what they were shipping out. So certainly not necessarily still today, but as I said before for certainly second quarter and third quarter sequential growth a lot of that was just our shipments normalizing back to their production levels. So again, thats not inventory replenishment but there was that normalization process taking place whereas now we believe it is being driven by their increasing production levels.
Edward Snyder  Charter Equity Research: I would like to do the same thing for the wireless side which is a little bit easier to get your arms around because I know youve got fewer larger customers there, OMAP or the apps processors there and your connectivity seem to be doing particularly well. Do you see this as a few big programs, I think everybody knows the Smartphones which youre on now some of which are launching some of which have launched and are still selling well, are you seeing share gains? Is the strength youre seeing in wireless due to a lot of other folks signing up and starting to ship products or to a handful of very successful products that are still ramping?
Ron Slaymaker : Its share gain in the form of more customers that were engaged with and then it also ties to penetration of technology. For example, the various connectivity technologies in to a broader range of handsets. So again, share gain on both OMAP and connectivity and then certainly the number of Smartphones and the size of that market which is growing is a big factor on both ends but then connectivity, the penetration rate for or pervasion rate for technologies such as GPS and Wi-Fi in to a much richer set of handsets. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from [John Harbor]  Calyon Securities. 
[John Harbor]  Calyon Securities: In your prepared comments you talked about the expansion of field sales and field apps, can you just touch on what that might mean to the SG&A line and kind of how you are approaching that just as guys become available you are picking them up or would you expect something more aggressive, regulating it based upon revenue expansion, etc.?
Kevin P. March : John were focusing the growth in that area and we have been actually throughout 2009 and well continue to in 2010 in to markets that we think will give us additional proportionate growth. Right now thats really talking about China, India and certain parts of Eastern Europe. Of course, that will as you point out come through the SG&A line but I dont think youll see it like a pop what youll see is just a gradual change in that over time. I would just take a moment to point out though going in to first quarter embedded in our discussion about what our earnings range is, is that we do expect pay and benefit increases to occur in the first quarter which often happens in the first quarter of the year. It did not occur last year of course because the restructuring was underway. But, we are resuming giving increases this year. We also expect 2010 to be a more profitable year than 2009 and so other incentive type of compensations such as profit sharing will accrue at a higher rate going in to next year starting at the first quarter.  So you will see some increases probably in the G&A line and perhaps even in the R&D line as well as we transition in to those higher accrual rates. But, youll also just see a steady increases in the sales and apps line as we go throughout 2010 and probably in to 2011 as well.
[John Harbor]  Calyon Securities: Specific to the March quarter on the SG&A line could you further quantify exactly what you might expect to see sequentially from that event?
Kevin P. March : I think at the highest level on the op ex, the total op ex for R&D and SG&A I wouldnt be surprised to see it increase at the $40 to $50 million range. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Wong  Wells Fargo.
David Wong  Wells Fargo: Can you give us any feel of who your biggest customers in application processors are please?
Ron Slaymaker : David I think if you look we are across a lot of the traditional handset players so Im trying to think whats been publically announced but I think clearly its known that Nokia is a customer, Sony Ericsson has done announcements, Samsung had done announcements, Motorola and a lot of their new products, their android based Droid handset are OMAP based. Obviously there are a couple of players that are more positioned in the Smartphone space those being Apple and RIM where we are not engaged with OMAP.  Apple using their own proprietary architecture and then RIM using for the most part legacy architecture that theyve been engaged with for some time. Then there is one other player PALM that is focused primarily in the Smartphone space that is OMAP based as well. Hopefully that gives you a feel for where we are positioned. What I would say also is OMAP 3 has done very well for us. We have something like 40 different program engagements that will be ramping in to production over the next 12 to 18 months that will be good for us in that space.
David Wong  Wells Fargo: You sort of touched on it but can you give us a feel for which of your end markets are showing the strongest amount of recovery at the moment and are there any that appear to be not yet recovering?
Ron Slaymaker : I dont know that I would say that there are any that are not yet recovering. They have moved at different paces. I think if you kind of go back through 2009 late in the first quarter and in to the second quarter you heard us talking more about high volume spaces, products line computing, some of the handset areas, some of the consumer areas that seem to recovery fastest and then probably the last market that has been more recent in its recovery would be industrial. I am sure inside of those different markets you can find particular products that are maybe still lagging but for the most part I would say with industrial now picking it up it looks like all the major markets are now in recovery mode.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Securities.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Securities: Just a question on the margin side of things, the gross margin is a couple of points off your long term target while the operating margin is actually pretty close to it. Can you hit the long term gross margin of 55 if wireless basebands are still 15% of sales?
Kevin P. March : Weve talked about that, thats really a function of increasing mix of the higher profitability of products which is analog and embedded processing. So inherently that is going to suggest that baseband will become less than 15% that it currently has reduced to overtime. And, as Ron mentioned earlier we expect that to go to zero by the end of 2012. So really just the growth along of the analog and embedded processing even with baseband in there at 15% you are seeing margins come up pretty strong. So I dont think you have to depend on baseband to be gone in order for the margins to continue to improve but that certainly would accelerate the arrival of higher margins.
Ron Slaymaker : I would just add even with baseband in the mix were certainly not in any kind of hurry to push that out to enhance gross margins because with very little operating expense it falls through nicely to operating profit and cash flow as well so we will welcome that baseband business as long as our customer wants to purchase that product and as long as were continuing of course not to be making investment which is our plan.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Securities: Just kind of exactly on what you were talking about, you almost hit about a 25% operating margin in that wireless business, how should we think about what sort of op ex is necessary to keep the OMAP and connectivity side going because youre clearing doing a great job of milking the baseband side?
Kevin P. March : We wont go in to specifics in to how the P&L shapes up inside those segments other than to just talk about the segment as a whole but the overall economics of that business unit will be such that we should continue to see it delivering margins not too far off from where its at, these kind of revenue levels and the mix of product will continue to change over time as connectivity and OMAP become a bigger portion of the total revenue inside that.
Ron Slaymaker : Its safe to say Ross were investing ahead in OMAP and connectivity. Both areas have gross margins above for example what baseband has but we certainly expect revenue growth in OMAP and connectivity to exceed any additional operating expense growth in those areas.
Operator:  Your next question comes from James Covello  Goldman Sachs.
James Covello  Goldman Sachs: Q2 inventories, do you have a goal for internal Q1 inventories?
Ron Slaymaker : Q2? We havent even shared a goal of Q1.
James Covello  Goldman Sachs: Im sorry Q1.
Ron Slaymaker : I like that you think ahead Jim but the answer is we dont have a specific goal that we want to publically share anyway on Q1 or Q2. As youve seen even in the last few quarters, a lot of what we achieve or what we dont achieve in repositioning of inventory will depend upon what happens with end demand as well as what actions we might be taking to support quarter out demand expectations as well as what were doing from a customer service metric positioning. But, we dont publically disclose those expectations.
James Covello  Goldman Sachs: Could you let me know what would cap ex have been in the fourth quarter without the money spent towards the Qimonda assets?
Kevin P. March : Jim I think it was in the press release that we spent about $172 million on those assets.
James Covello  Goldman Sachs: So all that $172 million was recognized in the fourth quarter cap ex?
Kevin P. March : Yes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Stacey Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein.
Stacey Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein: I just wanted to verify something, in terms of the upside a little bit that you saw in Q4 it seems from your commentary and from the release that you dont feel like you saw restocking this quarter it really was all due to just continued normalization. Upside in Q1, you actually expect to see that upside from some restocking activity? Then, I was wondering whether you could give me any color on whether or not you expect that restocking activity to continue past Q1 and maybe in to the first half or in to the rest of the year?
Ron Slaymaker : I agree with your characterization of Q4 that I think for the most part the supply chain was stretched and even if there had been a desire to get some inventory positioned for the most part the supply chain was unable to do that. Now, whether they are able to take advantage of does in demand seasonally slow in Q1 and are they able to take advantage of that in order to get some inventory position I think a lot of customers and distributors down through their supply chain would like to do that but again, the question is just going to be are they able to do that in Q1. I really dont have a forecast or perspective to be able to provide on that.
Stacey Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein: Around the cap ex budget for 2010, the $900 million can you give me some feeling for how that is going to split up from assembly and test from maybe additional 300 millimeter investments to round out the process set versus additional 200 millimeter buys? Can you give me some feeling on how that might split?
Kevin P. March : Right now Stacey I would suggest that the majority of that will be going towards the assembly and test operations as our volumes continue to increase. We will put more in to the 300 millimeter as we bring up incremental parts of that line and well put more in to 200 millimeter in to other factories as we did this last quarter. But certainly the 2010 budget, the majority of that is appointed towards the assembly test sites.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Srini Pajjuri  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.
Srini Pajjuri  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.: Just a couple of clarifications on the gross margin side, Kevin just if I take the midpoint of your revenue guidance and plug in the assumptions Im getting gross margin to be about flattish and based on what youre saying about Q1 and the history I would expect the mix to improve and the revenues are growing so my question is why wouldnt the gross margins go higher? Are there any offsetting factors here?
Kevin P. March : Srini, Im not sure how youre building your assumptions in but let me just be sure to share a couple of points that might help understand how were looking at the first quarter. If you look on our balance sheet you actually saw that we grew inventory in the fourth quarter and principally on the finished goods line which is one of the things that will allow us to be able to continue to improve on our delivery commitments to customers in first quarter and help our revenue in the first quarter. That also goes to say that we probably have enough wafers in flow to begin to deal with demand and so therefore we dont expect utilization of our factories, our front end wafer fabs could change that much in the first quarter. I mentioned a few minutes ago that the outlook for the year is for higher profitability than what we had in 2009 and I also mentioned that were resuming increases in base pay for people. Those two combined will increase not only our op ex fourth quarter to first quarter but will also have an increase on the cost of goods line which will affect GPM a little bit. So those may be two things affecting the analysis that youre trying to put together right now.
Srini Pajjuri  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.: Then if I look at the analog business Kevin, some of the product share gains that you mentioned it looks like the majority of them are coming from the consumer side, like the PCS and the LCD TVs. My question is how does that impact the gross margin for that particular segment, the analog business going forward? Do you see any impact at all or do you expect to maintain that 65% to 70% gross margin that that business typically has?
Kevin P. March : Srini that higher gross margin that youre talking about is typically on the higher performance analog products and we actually dont see that being impacted by the demand that were seeing for that part. Some of the other spaces that you were referring to was actually in the power products where were seeing a lot of success for new products going in there. While the gross margins there might not be quite as high as one might expect from high performance analog the operating margins are very similar. So while there may be mix over time that causes bit and pieces to move it up, down a little bit as we pass through quarter-to-quarter we think overall the mix will continue to go up because the total analog portfolio and embedded processing portfolio combines exceeds what we get from the rest of the portfolio. In addition, theyre growing faster than the rest of the portfolio so theyre becoming a bigger portion of the overall revenue mix.
Ron Slaymaker : Pretty much the same comments apply to HVAL where the growth margins are a little lighter than when compared to high performance analog, the SG&A and R&D requirements are lower and operating margin is very similar. So whether its HVAL, whether its HPA or whether its power our objective and our expectation long term is to get all of them growing at about the same pace but even if there are variations at the operating margin it wont make much difference.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Berger  FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger  FBR Capital Markets: Just in talking to some of the investors, the main concern is as lead times come down you may see order volatility or you may see a little air pocket of demand. Do you think theres enough inventory out there in the channel for that situation to arise? And, can you also talk about where fab lead times are and backend lead times are?
Ron Slaymaker : Let me take part of it and then Ill let Kevin add to it. I think if lead times decline might there be order volatility? Could be but I would also say that were not overly concerned with that. Like I said there are a lot of means by which we have visibility in to what demands is and orders are just part of that. The second part of your question I think is totally pertinent though which is there enough inventory out there such that true demand from our customers would go volatile and that is where given how lean the supply chains are I dont think it would make any difference.  So again, if lead times pulled in today customers may not feel the need to give us much long term visibility in to their demand but their take rate in terms of demand per shipment likely wouldnt wiggle at all. But, well see how that develops over time. The second part of your saying manufacturing cycle times?
Craig Berger  FBR Capital Markets: The question was utilizations front end and backend kind of where are they and where do you see them going?
Kevin P. March : On utilization, we dont actually call it that, Id say were back more to a normal kind of utilization environment unlike where we were a year ago of course when our utilization in the first quarter dropped in to the mid 30% kind of a range. Were back in to a more normal kind of utilization rate today. I mentioned a few minutes ago that we would expect our utilization going in the first quarter to be very flat to what it was in fourth quarter. Thats a reference to our front end or the wafer fabs. On the backend we have been investing for a couple of quarters now on expanding our capacity especially on certain package types of [inaudible] our utilization is very, very high on certain of those lines but equipment is getting in to place now and were beginning to see our throughput increase. Again, you can see that if you look at our balance sheet where our finished goods are, we actually had to increase for the first time since the second quarter of 2008.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech. 
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech: If you could talk a little bit about where we are with the distributor conversions that are going on and how much that might have impacted revenues either this quarter or next?
Kevin P. March : Doug right now we are probably about a quarter  let me just go to the highest level. There is probably about 30% of our revenue goes to the distribution channel and of that about  of it is on consignment. We are slowly increasing that each quarter, the portion that is on consignment with the idea that sometime probably late next year, next year being 2011, well arrive somewhere on the order of half of our total distribution inventory being on a consignment basis. 
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech: Were you able to calculate what impact that had to revenue recognition in this quarter?
Kevin P. March : Not precisely. Doug, I dont have that number with me so I just dont have the answer for you.
Ron Slaymaker : But again, probably the way to think about it Doug is if you go back we started that consignment program with distributors in June of 2008 so over the last six quarters weve gotten 25% of that revenue converted over to consignment. You probably based on that, can go make some average call it headwind calculation from that consignment program. But, the fact that were doing a relatively slow deployment on that would say probably in any one quarter, its kind of a slow headwind on the timing of revenue but again, it doesnt impact resale at all, it doesnt impact the end demand it just has the effect of moving it out a quarter as distributors rely more and more on that consignment program.
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech: The guys have already commented on your operating margin coming in sort of above target this quarter, can you give us an idea how many quarters you would run with your operating margins above your target before you think it might be appropriate to adjust some of the targets? If I look at the R&D and SG&A as a percentage of sales, I guess it might be a really good quarter to be at TI next quarter because youre going to have to increase spending a lot more than what you just guided to get it up to the 25% number.
Kevin P. March : Doug, I think we still have not achieved the target that we set for ourselves a couple of years ago which was 55% growth and 30% operating. We didnt set those as a ceiling we set those as an objective that the company should be able to operate at and ideally on a sustained basis. We think it is pretty important for us to be focusing on top line growth right now and demonstrate that we can sustainably deliver those kinds of margins over a period of time.
Ron Slaymaker : Lets not celebrate yet. Were close to the margin goals but were not there yet.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Leonard Young  Citi.
Leonard Young  Citi: Can you guys talk about the pricing environment that youre seeing sort of generally across your products but specifically in some of the commodity products?
Ron Slaymaker : Ill start with commodity but let me do the normal caveat of you have to remember its only a few percent of our revenue but pricing and commodities is doing what you would expect in a situation where suppliers pretty much across the board are short relative to what the demand environment is. So, pricing is moving up on commodities as you might expect. Outside of commodities I would say, which again is almost all of our revenue, pricing is pretty much following normal trends so nothing really environmentally unusual there, even in commodities it is not unusual but it has moved up in this constrained environment.
Leonard Young  Citi: If you look back at the 2003/2004 timeframe, really 2004 was the last time we had a material inventory problem and Im wondering if you can compare and contrast what you see today versus what you saw back then?
Kevin P. March : Len, are you talking about coming out of the tech bubble?
Leonard Young  Citi: No, Im really thinking about 04 when we had what I would characterize more as an inventory issue, shorter term obviously. You could look at the tech bubble too where it was obviously a much bigger inventory issue but I think in both periods we had some problems.
Ron Slaymaker : Len, I have a couple of things I would observe and I would suspect youve noted it also. Typically when you get in to the cycle rolling over again you are coming from periods where inventory has been inflated, usually as that inventory build is taking place customers, suppliers, distributors convince themselves its being done because the demand environment outlook is going to be strong. Then it results in some form of correction of that excess inventory level. We all recognize when that inventory is being built but again, we convince ourselves and I am talking the entire supply chain here, that it is appropriate relative to the demand outlook. I think whats different in this environment is pretty much if you look at TI, you look at our distributors, you look at our customers, you seen inventory levels that are historically lean and thats a big difference between pretty much every other cycle that peaks out and rolls over versus where we are today. We have demand today that is being driven call it more macro level in demand increases and you have inventories that to date have remained very lean and well behaved. I think Stacy asked the question earlier about replenishment and whether that is an expectation.  I think typically at some point as demand continues to build and as suppliers get capacity online you would expect at some point replenishment of inventory levels. But, I would describe that as ahead of us as opposed to anything that weve seen to date.
Operator:  Your final question comes from Christopher Danley  JP Morgan. 
Christopher Danley  JP Morgan: On the analog, I know you talked about trying to get the HPA HVAL and power to grow equally, can you just give us the relative growth rates between those three products in 2009?
Ron Slaymaker : Let me say first of all I dont know I intended to say its our objective to get them to grow equally. Clearly, historically weve had really good growth in HPA and weve had outstanding growth in power but HVAL has been a lager. Frankly, it wasnt just a lager relative to those other two product areas, it was a lager relative to what our perception of the market was. So our view is there is no reason that all three of those areas shouldnt have growth that is relatively similar across them but to some degree youre going to have variations that develop. I think if you look at historically like I said  I would almost have to leave it at that, HPA and power clearly have been the primary areas of growth in analog over the last few years. HVAL lagged, HVAL lagged even through the first part of 2009, I would say midyear we bottomed out some of the fruit of our effort over the last few years basically starting with management changes and then organizational changes below that end markets on which we are focused, all the things that we have talked to you about in the past started to come to fruition. And, over the last couple of quarters certainly HVAL has pulled its weight as well. But thats really what were intending to say and I think were reasonably satisfied that we have good growth opportunities in all three and were positioned to realize those growth opportunities but any quarter-by-quarter and even year-by-year you may have differences and that will be okay.
Christopher Danley  JP Morgan: Just on the whole lead time thing, so lead times have been going out for a couple of quarters now and I think you guys have said that its mostly related to backend issues so my question is when you guys first saw the lead times going out why didnt you just ramp up your backend aggressively and squelch them? Are you trying to sort of keep the lead times a little bit longer? Im just wondering about the imaginations of that process.
Kevin P. March : When you think back to when we began to see some of the challenges, it was still on the way down. How quickly we forget sort of thing but it wasnt that long ago that the bottom was falling out of demand across the board and then when demand did start coming back the second quarter, it was all of us scratched our head trying to decide whether or not that was real. Certainly in retrospect it was real and once we acknowledged that we began to step up capital spend. You saw it move up in the third quarter and you saw it move up again in the fourth quarter and most of that money is going towards backend capacity trying to [inaudible].  So again, kind of remembering the history we came through is how we kind of got to where were at. It certainly was not an intended outcome. The last thing we want to do is displease our customers in the manner in which we have on certain of these product lines. It is our objective to get this fixed as quickly as possible but experience also tells us that when we get behind like this it usually takes us quite a few quarters to get caught back up.
Ron Slaymaker : Chris, just as a reminder dont forget second and third quarter growth rates across that six month period was higher than what weve ever seen before at least in any of the history that Kevin or I could find. So, you do your planning, you do the best you can and sometimes its not good enough but nonetheless wed rather be in the situation where we have revenues rapidly growing than the alternative. Thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Operator:  That does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation today.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-19 17:30:00) =====
Executives:  Kevin March  SVP & CFO Ron Slaymaker  VP, IR
Analysts:  Uche Orji - UBS  Tim Luke - Barclays Capital  Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank  Christopher Danely - JPMorgan  Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird  Glen Yeung - Citi  Srini Pajjuri - Calyon Securities  Ed Snyder - Charter Equity Research  Adam Benjamin  Jeffries & Co.  Daniel Berenbaum - Auriga USA  Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch  John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Doug Freedman - Broadpoint.AmTech  Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets  David Wu - Global Crown Capital  
Presentation: 
Operator: Welcome to the Texas Instruments third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today.  For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at www.ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web.  This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TI's results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor Statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a complete description.  Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for December 8th. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. In todays call, well address the drivers behind our continued revenue growth and margin expansion, and discuss what we see ahead on those fronts.  Well also discuss the investments the were making that will allow us to accelerate our strategy in analog and embedded processing. Ill start by noting that revenue and earnings for the third quarter exceeded the high end of our range of expectations for the quarter, even after we raised those expectations at the mid-quarter update.  The sharp declines we saw late last year and in the first quarter of this year, have almost been matched by sharp increases in the second and the third quarters. Initially this rebound was driven by normalization of demand as our customers slowed their inventory reduction and our shipments began to increase to their level of production. This quarter that normalization process has been complimented by production increases at our customers. Overall TI revenue grew 17% sequentially and was down 15% from a year ago. We were especially pleased with the growth in our core areas of analog and embedded processing.  At 20% sequential growth analog was the biggest driver of TIs growth once again this quarter with all three of its major businesses contributing strongly; high volume analog and logic, or HVAL, power, and high performance analog.  HVAL was again the biggest contributor within analog to this sequential growth with broad based increases. Analog revenue was down 8% from a year ago, a performance that we believe will compare very favorably to most of our analog competitors. Notably, revenue from power management products has now moved above the year ago level.  Driving the growth in power management are share gains and overall strong demand in battery management, gauges and chargers for notebooks and handheld devices. TIs investments over the past decade in power are paying off as we continue to gain share in what will likely prove to be one of the best secular market stories of the upcoming decade as portability and energy efficiency continue to drive innovation and growth. Embedded processing grew 12% sequentially due mostly to strength in catalog products. Growth here came from a number of product areas including microcontrollers for consumer applications, as well as industrial applications such as air conditioning systems in Asia.  On the DSC side, we saw growth in video security systems, and high performance audio video receivers. Revenue from embedded processing products for automotive applications also grew including strength in high-end automotive entertainment and information systems.  Embedded processing revenue declined 8% from a year ago. Wireless revenue increased 12% sequentially and declined 26% from a year ago. Baseband revenue of $450 million in the quarter declined to 16% of total TI revenue. Baseband revenue increased 10% sequentially and declined 33% from a year ago.  Excluding baseband, our wireless segment which is focused on Smart Phones grew 18% sequentially and declined 7% from a year ago. Connectivity products paced this growth. In our other segment sequential growth of 20% was driven mostly by a combination of seasonal growth in calculators and strength in DLP [front] projector products.  From a geographical perspective, growth continued to be mostly driven by the Asia Pacific and Japan regions. Although growth in the US and European regions was slower, we are encouraged with the turnaround in those regions. Each grew revenue about 10% sequentially following a four-quarter slide in Europe and a three quarter slide in the US. Were careful not to read too much into the geographical data because it mostly represents where our customers are manufacturing products, not in consumption. Now let me make a few comments with respect to our distribution channels. Resale or sales out of our distribution channel, grew in excess of 20% sequentially and distributors inventory of TI products declined again. Resales grew in every region in excess of 10%. Now Kevin will review profitability and our outlook. 
Kevin March : Thanks Ron and good afternoon everyone. Higher revenue as well as higher factory utilization contributed to our gross profit increasing by 32% sequentially. Gross margin increased 570 basis points sequentially to 51.4% of revenue. Compared to the year ago quarter, gross margin increased 290 basis points on $507 million lower revenue and slightly higher utilization.  We are pleased with the gross margin performance as it reflects an improving product portfolio of analog and embedded processing along with efficient manufacturing operations. Operating expenses were up slightly from the second quarter but declined $189 million from the year ago level.  Operating expenses were below 25% of revenue in the quarter. Although we will remain disciplined on these expenses in this uncertain environment, we generally have had them at a level that we believe is appropriate for our business model.  Restructuring charges in the third quarter were $10 million, down $75 million sequentially. The distribution of these charges across our segments is included in our earnings release. Operating profit for the quarter was $763 million, more than double the prior quarters amount as revenue grew strongly as utilization of our factory assets increased, and as restructuring charges fell.  From the year ago quarter operating profit was up $17 million. While on the surface this was a relatively small improvement, it was much more significant when you consider that revenue was down by over $500 million across that period.  The gain is attributable to our lower operating expenses as well as improvements in gross margin. Operating margin in the quarter was 26.5% of revenue, a 12.5 percentage point gain from the last quarter.  As a result of higher profitability in the second half of 2009, we have increased our annual effective tax rate estimate to 28%, higher then the 27% rate we had previously estimated. The third quarter rate was about 30% as we had to catch up our cumulative tax accruals for the higher annual effective tax rate and also had some discrete tax items in the quarter that had a negative impact.  Net income was $538 million or $0.42 per share. Ill leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release, however let me make just a few comments. Almost all of the higher net income compared with the last quarter fell through to higher cash flow from operations, which exceeded $800 million in the quarter.  This strong cash flow has allowed us to increase our investments in manufacturing capacity, raise our dividend, and repurchase more stock, while still increasing our cash and short-term investment balances.  Capital expenditures increased to $226 million in the quarter. Most of this was spent in assembly and tests to help remove operational bottlenecks that are associated with the significant increases in demand that we are seeing.  We used $251 million in the quarter to repurchase 10.5 million shares of TI common stock, and paid dividends of $138 million in the quarter. We increased cash and short-term investments to $2.83 billion in the quarter.  Our balance sheet continues to be strong and remains a competitive advantage for TI in this environment. Inventory increased $53 million in the quarter while inventory days held even with the prior quarters level of 72 days. Inventory days were 81 a year ago.  TI orders in the quarter were $3.11 billion, up 11% sequentially. TIs book to bill ratio was 1.08 in the quarter. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $2.78 billion to $3.02 billion in the third quarter or negative 3% to positive 5% sequential growth. As a reminder this estimate assumes a seasonal decline in our calculator revenue of about $115 million.  This means that the range of sequential for our semiconductor product revenue would be positive one percent to 10% better then the seasonal average. From a year on year perspective this would be our first positive growth comparison for TI since the first quarter of 2008, with year on year growth expected in a range to 12% to 21%.  We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.42 to $0.50 per share. This EPS estimate includes $0.01 per share negative impact resulting from expected restructuring charges. In 2009 we have increased our estimate for capital expenditures to about $800 million.  As we have discussed previously we have purchased equipment from Comondas bankruptcy proceedings that we will use to equip our [fav] as the worlds first 300mm [fav]. Although we will need to supplement this purchase with some additional equipment, we believe that a applying advanced manufacturing technology to analog at an attractive cost, will provide TI and opportunity to accelerate our strategy and to extend our leadership position in the analog market.  We are also purchasing additional assembly and test equipment to alleviate the stress that current high demand levels for certain packaged types are placing on our operations and our product lead times.  As is typical when equipment in new fab, there will be a short-term increase in our spending levels after which we expect to return to lower levels again. Our estimates for 2009 R&D and depreciation are unchanged.  In summary, we are encouraged that analog and embedded processing are driving todays growth and that the strategic investments we are making in R&D, acquisitions, our sales network, and our manufacturing capacity, will continue this momentum for the long-term.  Profit margins, both gross and operating, have recovered quickly at substantially lower levels of revenue giving confidence to our strategic direction and the financial returns that they can generate.  With that we are now ready for your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Uche Orji - UBS 
Uche Orji - UBS : Let me ask you a question about the [inaudible] your bookings, I just wanted to understand the [mid control] base, just the momentum in bookings and essentially what drove that, and within that if you can also comment on connectivity which continues to grow strongly. If you can also explain whats driving that growth. 
Ron Slaymaker : I dont unfortunately have data for you on kind of month-to-month or week by week booking linearity other then the data we provided you where bookings were strong in the quarter. We had a 1.08 book to bill and certainly as we indicated we have an above seasonal outlook for our business overall.  But beyond that I dont really have any input. On connectivity I would say its a combination of factors. Certainly the fact that Smart Phones and other advanced handsets are having a lot more connection options or features beyond just the cellular connection, these include of course Bluetooth which is highly penetrated in handsets but especially WiFi and GPS functionality where TI has an especially good position as well.  So its a combination of the feature set pervading more handsets and TI gaining share within those features. So a combination. 
Uche Orji - UBS : My follow-on will be flatly a different question in the sense that Im asking about your acquired [inaudible] fab, your operating margins for analog are still not where we saw them in 2007 and when your acquired this fab I dont know [inaudible] rates are, but what do you need to do, how will this help you drive the operating margin for the analog business. Should we expect that to structurally take operating margins higher then the levels we saw them in 2007 and when should we expect this fab to become really operational for you and so kind of walk me through the thinking behind the acquisition of that fab and how you will drive margins. 
Kevin March : Ill go ahead and offer some comments on that, as weve announced the equipment that were putting into our fab will be 300mm equipment. Up until this point in time our analog products have all been on 200mm wafers. Generally speaking we can expect that probably 30% or better kind of cost efficiencies on that size of wafer.  In addition we were able to acquire the equipment from Comondo out of its bankruptcy proceedings so we got particularly attractive pricing on that equipment which will certainly lower the depreciation burden on each dollar of revenue that generates versus buying new equipment. So one would expect that that will allow us to continue to generate improving profitability over time on our analog revenue.  Of course not to be forgotten is that as analog and embedded processing become increasing portions of our total revenue, that also will contribute to expansion of our overall margins. As to when that factory becomes operational we are in process this quarter of relocating that equipment from the Commode fab into our fab here in the Richardson area, and will begin to bring up a mini line later this year and expect to have that mini line operational by the end of the year, by the end of 2010.
Ron Slaymaker : Let me just also add, your point was our analog operating margins are not maybe at some historical peak but also keep in mind we just increased our analog operating margin by 16.1 percentage points from second quarter. So clearly that was a good step up and good improvement toward those historical margins as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Luke - Barclays Capital 
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital : Nice job on your quarter, I wanted to ask with respect to your guidance outlook, as you look at the semi business being seasonally somewhat stronger then the normal, up [1% to 10%] should we think about the continuation of that analog and embedded business leading that or might it be some other segment there and as you look at your inventory, its obviously sort of flat in terms of days, should we think about you trying to build a little inventory through the fourth quarter or how should we think about that. 
Ron Slaymaker : We dont as youre aware, we dont break our outlook down into individual segments, whether it be analog, imbedded, wireless or other, but clearly where our investments are focused up, where our operating expenses are heavied up you might say in terms of investments, are in analog and imbedded processing.  And I think the best I can tell you over the long-term, you have to assume analog and imbedded processing become a bigger and bigger factor both in terms of our revenue as well as our earnings growth. 
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital : On inventory, maybe if you could broaden that into sort of how does that thought on inventory impact, just some of the elements that may contribute to the gross margin outlook. Those are sort of the two elements I was trying to get at. 
Kevin March : On the inventory, as youre familiar with, we dont typically give a forecast on that. I would just note if you look at what happened this past quarter, we actually did increase our inventory by a little over $50 million or about 5% and yet it remains very lean at 72 days. And so consequently we have found ourselves in a need to go ahead and adjust some of the lead times on a few of our products because of the demand that weve had.  Thats driven us to go ahead and acquire some additional assembly test equipment to expand our capability to help us get inventory back to levels that help us meet our customer service indices. We did increase our wafer starts through the quarter and we would expect the loads that we had coming out of the quarter to be continuing through the quarter so that should help us get our inventory better staged to get back to customer service metrics that our customers are coming to expect from us.  Beyond that, well report on what that actual inventory turns out to be when we get to the end of the quarter, that will be a function of course of our outlook for first quarter as well as where our revenue actually lands in fourth quarter. 
Ron Slaymaker : And just in terms of impact on gross margin, of course as you would know, if we build inventory certainly it supports higher levels of utilization then if we dont build that inventory and would be beneficial and then of course the reverse holds, when were reducing inventory. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank : Congrats on a strong quarter, brining the channel inventory down again, you kind of just talked about what youre trying to do to stage that etc., do you believe that its sustainable at the dollar amount that we are seeing now or is the next step beyond the staging process that you just mentioned actually starting to increase the channel inventory going forward. 
Kevin March : Recall that one of the things thats driving down the channel inventory is the implementation of our consignment programs with our distribution customers. Roughly 25% of that inventory is now in consignment and so were keeping that on our books. So of course that just mathematically drives down the overall level of inventory that our customers hold.  But in addition to that theyve also had very strong growth in their shipments out last quarter as we had strong shipments in but our shipments in obviously were below their shipments out as their inventory continued to decline.  And their inventory decline was probably about half attributable to the fact that we put more of their material on this consignment and about half because they shipped more out then we could ship in. So far, were keeping up with their demands and I think well just have to respond to what their needs are and desires are as to how much inventory they want to carry.  We can only ship as much as they want. 
Ron Slaymaker : So with the consignment program being called a structural change, it absolutely, that piece of it anyway would be a sustainable change and we would expect distributors to run now and in the future with lower levels of inventory then what they historically did. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank : Just switching gears to the OpEx side of things, I know what you said for the full year for R&D but if I recall right with the restructuring actions you took earlier this year, you talked about total OpEx being down about if I recall around $130 million from 4Q08 to 4Q09, is that still the right bogey as the benefit from your restructuring and if not, whats changed. 
Kevin March : We havent changed that. Thats still the right way to think about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely - JPMorgan 
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan : Just a follow-up on the consignment with the, is this almost like you are going to more of a sell through model then a sell in model with your [inaudible] revenue or can you just talk about the differences between the consignment model and the sell through. 
Kevin March : Actually thats a good analogy youre offering there, to the extent that, traditionally in the past we were on a sell in model, that is when we shipped product to our [inaudible] customers, we recognized the revenue and at some later date they would typically ship that product to their end customers. \ As we move to a consignment model, we are effectively moving that inventory that theyre shipping to those customers to a sell through method, that is theyre going to pull it only when theyve got a sale at the time they pull it, theyll recognize the revenue and theyll ship it to their customer.  And again as I mentioned about 25% conversion has already been completed, that is about 25% of our revenue and inventory that goes to the distribution channel is now on this consignment program. Over the next year or so we expect to continue that conversion and well probably reach about half of that total shipment through that channel somewhere about the end of this year, early next year. 
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan : On the lead time extensions and all the back end capacity constraints, do you feel very confident that you will get all of these issues fixed this quarter. Are these basically only on the HVAL product line or is it anything else. 
Kevin March : The lead time extensions that were seeing are effecting multiple areas of our portfolio, not just the HVAL. So its in various areas across our segments. Its difficult to predict that well necessarily get it all reconciled this quarter. We certainly, part of our step up in capital spending in the third quarter was the acquisition of assembly and test equipment to relieve some bottlenecks on certain package types to help get our through put up.  We will continue to do that this quarter and into the early first half of next year, to extend that capacity particularly in the assembly test sites that we have in the Philippines, new assembly test site we opened the beginning of this year.  I suspect it may take us a couple of quarters to get this fully back in balance but thats difficult to say based upon what were trying to do today and what our customers actual outlook is as we get into first and second quarter next year. 
Ron Slaymaker : And keep in mind bringing all that into balance is not just, doesnt just consider our capacity additions, it also considers what happens with demand and what weve seen over the last couple of quarters is demand continuing to build faster then we and our customers had forecasted. So we generally understand the capacity side and our ability to bring new capacity on board, but again, as long as we see continued unforecasted increases in demand, thats a different factor in the equation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird : Does the trends that youre showing and the back to school spending suggest consumers are getting back to normal spending patterns or just was it merely stronger then your initial expectation. Any color you could provide on this. 
Kevin March : The only area where we could give you color on back to school would be in our calculator business and actually we did see a seasonal up tick in the third quarter in our calculator business. It was probably about flat for total revenues where it booked a year ago and up about $44 million sequentially.  So it kind of reflected a normal back to school pattern if you will. As to the rest of our products, I dont think we really have enough insight to give you any commentary or color as to whether or not back to school is effecting that demand. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird : Just in terms of any potential revenue impact over the next few quarters with this migration to consignment, which I would assume could have a slightly negative impact on the revenue trends. 
Kevin March : Youre talking the consignment into the distribution channel, yes, clearly as we make that conversion rather then having if you will a snap back due to [disti] demand from shipping into them, because we hold the inventory until they actually ship it to their customers, theres probably going to be, probably no more then a quarter delay on that proportion of inventory that we wind up holding in consignment versus shipping directly to them. Weve already been experiencing that in the past few quarters. We began this process back early to mid last year, but frankly we think its the best arrangement to get to given the interest that we have in gaining share at our distribution customers and the interest that the distribution customers have for the metrics they want to measures themselves by. 
Ron Slaymaker : And again, thats a question of timing. It wont actually impact our revenue with those distribution partners and customers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung - Citi 
Glen Yeung - Citi : You mentioned that youre seeing these lead time extensions, to what extent do you think youre getting double orders because of that and then how are you able to discount that when you give us a revenue and an order forecast.  
Ron Slaymaker : I guess how I would describe it is that we dont have any evidence of double ordering, but as we all know we wouldnt really expect to see any evidence either. I guess the way I would characterize is that our management team has been through many cycles in the past. We generally know what to expect and the way were working through that is basically to work very closely with our customers, understand what they need when they need it, and then do our best to support it.  So I guess I probably dont have too much more to say beyond that. In terms of a discounting factor on our outlook, our outlook is our most realistic assessment of what we believe we will be shipping in the next quarter. I would note that if you look in terms of backlog expansion in the third quarter, youll see our book to bill as we mentioned already is 1.08. Our revenue range of expectations probably has shifted down somewhat below that just based on if you look at where the middle of that range would be, but again, were just generally working with our customers trying to understand their specific needs and then doing our best to be able to support those needs. 
Glen Yeung - Citi : Next question is on gross margin and if you could walk us through specifically the elements of the sequential in the quarter and then maybe help us to understand if, its so strong, if there is some expectation that you need to reset your target gross margins in the long-term. 
Kevin March : Id say that if you look on a sequential basis a sizable portion of that was due to just revenue growth and falling through to the bottom line. We had a little bit of improvement on utilization as well as demand continually increased throughout the quarter. And we also had the benefit of mix going on in there.  If you take a look at analog growing as fast as it has, its becoming a bigger and bigger portion of our total revenue and it does enjoy higher gross margins. So its a couple of things driving that. To as far as any adjustments to our goals, again, youre referring to back in May of 2007, we had established profitability goals for the company, 55% gross margin and 30% operating margin that we expected to achieve sometime in the next few years after that announcement date.  I would say to you were not there yet and until we get there, it really isnt appropriate for us I dont think to discuss any further thoughts on what those goals should be and well keep aiming for those goals as announced. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri - Calyon Securities 
Srini Pajjuri - Calyon Securities : A follow-up to the previous question on the 300mm ramp here, Im just curious as you bring that capacity on line, do you have to redo some of your mask sets and if so, what are the implications for R&D side of things and then, and also on an apples to apples basis what kind of cost savings are we talking about once you move to 300mm. 
Kevin March : Youre correct on the assumption on mask sets, obviously were dealing with a larger wafer here and so well have to make some adjustments. And also these are analog processes that were bringing up which take a little bit of tuning to get right. And so we expect that tuning process and that bring up process to occur during calendar year 2010. We will be as I mentioned earlier in the call, bringing up what we call a mini line initially, by the end of the year. So we dont expect to be, to have all of that capacity available for full production. That will probably flow over into 2011 unless demand arrives sooner.  As far as R&D is concerned, we intend to migrate existing products, high volume products, as well as new products that are released during that time frame onto those products. So it shouldnt be much in the way of incremental R&D for that purpose. Its really just going to be some operating costs to bring up the new line as it relates to cutting new masks and so on. 
Srini Pajjuri - Calyon Securities : The other segment that has picked up nicely in the last couple of quarters, as we look out to the next few quarters and there are a lot of puts and takes in it, Im just trying to understand how we should think about the growth process there. Obviously you said DLP is growing, calculators are growing but it also looks like the [risk] business is declining here so Im trying to understand how we should think about the growth there. 
Ron Slaymaker : I think the observations you made are certainly valid. I dont know that I have a whole lot more to provide in terms of projecting how those various pieces will move going forward. I think in general we believe that the main thing thats predictable there in terms of, at least that I should call out, is the seasonal pattern in our calculator business. Beyond that we think DLP now that weve, for the most part, shaken out the DLP TV revenue, and what we have there today is DLP front projectors and digital cinema, it probably is stable to growing and then the other pieces will just kind of, will happen as they do.  But for the most part, I think overall if you look at the other segment, we tend to think of that over the longer term as kind of a low single-digit type of growth outlook and again thats a longer term type of projection not a specific forecast over the next few quarters. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Snyder - Charter Equity Research 
Ed Snyder - Charter Equity Research : With regard to the wireless if you look at your baseband business, it looks down substantially year over year, leaving most of the other wireless flat which is an improvement, is this mostly due do you think to the economic issues, or do you finally think were playing out and getting out of a lot of the handset models that you were supplying some of your biggest customers and then the corollary to that is OMAP, which is in most of the hotter new Smart Phones out and coming out this quarter, should we expect that we see a rebound in wireless based on OMAP. Im not looking for guidance for next quarter but in general if were modeling for TIs wireless business out into next year, since Smart Phones are becoming a higher part of the mix and OMAP is a big part of those devices, shouldnt we expect that to start picking up some of your shares, percentage of wireless for a total. 
Ron Slaymaker : And the first part of that question, was that specific to basebands. 
Ed Snyder - Charter Equity Research : Yes, the baseband issue, your baseband is down, everything else is about flat year over year, is that economic or are you finally seeing yourself kind of fading out of a lot of the handset models that you were supplying over the last
Ron Slaymaker : I think in terms of baseband, the biggest factor year on year would be a combination of just the overall wireless market, still seeing weakness when compared with a year ago. And then the other factor would be for the most part our baseband 3G position transition out of the Sony Ericson handsets and recall we had a program with previously, with Ericson mobile platforms that we were moving out of but especially with their joint venture with ST, that program is now out of our revenue.  The other factor, I wouldnt say we were out of most of the models, again we still have $450 million of baseband revenue in the quarter, most of that, not all but most of that is centered up on a single customer and again, our outlook there is unchanged that generally we would expect that by the end of 2012 that revenue will have wound down as that customer brings on additional suppliers and as weve now for the most part, stopped investing in that baseband business.  So no change to that. The remainder of our wireless business is as you pointed out focused on Smart Phones both the connectivity side of that business and especially the OMAP side. OMAP did see declines, sequentially, not this quarter but earlier such that we believe that business has bottomed out in first half of this year and really is poised for growth for some period going forward here.  And that really is based on a very strong design in position that we have with a lot of different handset makers for our OMAP 3 product line which will be, at some customers were in production, at other customers that production ramp is still to come. But again, OMAP 3 we expect to be a good driver of revenue for our wireless business. 
Ed Snyder - Charter Equity Research : The philosophy now and its shared by a number of different and former suppliers of baseband, [inaudible] is another one, that ask processors alone will maybe to hold sockets and actually pull through connectivity. It seems to be playing out but the recession has kind of eclipsed that whole trend. Whats your feeling now. You were seeing your connectivity business pick up, is that tied to a large degree to the success in wins in OMAP or are you seeing connectivity wins without any other socket and handsets and do you think thats going to grow on its own merits. 
Ron Slaymaker : We believe today its growing on its own merits. You asked an interesting version of the question which is the Ill call it the [task] between connectivity and ap processors. Of course the other question we get is the connection between or the attachment between aps processors and baseband. But we really see all three of those as pretty independent.  Our connectivity revenue as we said previously is really leading growth currently. We expect aps processors to ramp pretty nicely as I said with OMAP 3 and both of those are really independent of baseband just based upon the significant design in positions we have both in connectivity as well as with OMAP 3. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Benjamin  Jeffries & Co. 
Adam Benjamin  Jeffries & Co. : Just had a question in terms of going into it deeper on the 300mm ramp. Obviously you have those Comondo assets, Im just curious, in addition to that what CapEx requirements will be needed and then as we think about how you ramp up that fab the time it takes to qualify new products on the 300mm process, with also DMOS 6 dropping off late next year, and in that capacity how we should be thinking about utilization coming down to the 200mm, coming up on the 300mm and how that could impact both the utilization rates and gross margin and is likely the real tailwind is really 2011, maybe even 2012. If you could frame that, that would be helpful.
Kevin March : If I can remember all that, Ill try to frame it for you. The step up that we have in capital spending for the next couple of quarters especially for this quarter, not only includes the Comondo equipment but also some supplemental equipment that well need to balance that line as we get ready to bring it into the Richardson fab.  So roughly speaking probably half of what we spend this quarter we expect will be for fab related equipment for our fab and then the balance of it will be for the assembly and test sites. As relates to time to qualify, as I had mentioned earlier, we plan to bring up a mini line in 2010 and we expect that to qualify late next year.  Because its a mini line I dont expect it to have a significant impact on utilization of our available capacity any time soon for purposes of utilization. This is a strategic acquisition, not a tactical one and so this is for the longer term growth of the company. And as it relates to gross profit margins we would expect that it will continue to help us with our goals of driving our margins up given the fact that on 300mm wafers, just quite simply the cost per chip will be less to manufacture on those process nodes and so we should be able to enjoy continuing healthy and growing gross margins.  And I think you had a question on DMOS 6, but Im not sure what it was. 
Adam Benjamin  Jeffries & Co. : Well maybe just as a follow-up not to pin you on this but so really we should be thinking about a gross margin tailwind on the 300mm really in 2011, 2012, that would be helpful. 
Kevin March : Yes I think as we think about it today given the fact that were bringing up a mini line its not going to be enough to really move the needle for us in 2010. So youre correct to think its more like an 2011, 2012 additional tailwind for us.  I say that notwithstanding if we have a very strong analog growth in 2010, that may cause us to pull those plans forward. But based upon how our plans are right now I think your statement is accurate. 
Ron Slaymaker : But I think we also have the potential, I think one of the things you mentioned about DMOS 6 and Im not sure exactly what was behind it, you were talking about a drop off in DMOS 6 capacity or load, Im not sure, but the reality is we can load and have begun to load some analog into DMOS 6 as well, so as for example, if wireless has lower demands of DMOS 6, that will be another source of capacity and very cost effective capacity for us to source analog products as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Berenbaum - Auriga USA 
Daniel Berenbaum - Auriga USA : Maybe just to wrap all these questions on the 300mm fab, break it down simply for me, if we fast forward to a year from now taking into account the 300mm fab, and your revenue is the same, call it $2.9 billion with sort of a similar mix, what would, what effect would the 300mm fab have on gross margin and OpEx and maybe if you could answer that question if we fast forward one year, and then if we fast forward two years. 
Kevin March : Are you asking that in the context, it sounds like that if we installed it but were not using it, is that the context youre getting at.
Daniel Berenbaum - Auriga USA : No, if you installed it, I guess the assumption is that you would use it because your mix is shifting more to analog and so youre effectively doing more production in house, is that a correct assumption. 
Kevin March : Yes, and it kind of goes back to what Ron was saying a moment ago, if we saw a scenario like you described on flat revenues but analog is becoming a bigger portion, we of course would use the convertible equipment that weve got available in DMOS 6 first to support that because again our plan is just a mini line for qualifying the process in our fab next year.  So I wouldnt look to it having a, our fab alone having an impact on gross margins in 2010 so much as I would continuing mix change of analog and imbedded processing becoming a bigger portion of our revenue in 2010. Thats going to have a bigger bearing as to how our gross margins will go up. 
Ron Slaymaker : But let me also comment versus those scenarios. As Kevin just said well modulate the pace at which we ramp our fab based upon what we see for demand but were not rolling out our fab as a means to just lower our analog cost basis.  Were rolling out our fab to support analog growth and so it is mainly a strategy to allow us to meet our aspirations and goals for the size of our business and the growth rate of our analog business as opposed to just being a cost driver to bring down analog costs.  Now it does have that nice side benefit that goes hand in hand but it is been done for us to grow our analog business. 
Daniel Berenbaum - Auriga USA : Maybe to follow-up on that, how much additional revenue generating capacity in analog would be 300mm equipment that youve already bought from Comondo, or that you already have available to you from them or from where ever else, whats the incremental revenue generating capacity. 
Ron Slaymaker : Think about it this way, again well talk about this first phase of our fab which will be by the way about 30% of our fab floor space and it will also be about just to give another metric, about 13,000 300mm wafers of production capacity per month. We believe that first phase will support more than $1 billion of additional analog revenue per year for TI. And again thats the reason were making the investment. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch : Couple of questions, first on capital spending, its going up a little bit this quarter and you said it might stay elevated for a couple of quarters, following that should we anticipate a significant drop in the number and the reason I ask this is because youve talked about CapEx being below depreciation as a tailwind, but this year, theyre reasonably comparable, not quite there. So how should we think about that line item in the context of depreciation going forward.
Kevin March : We as you mentioned there, we will see elevated spending not only in the fourth quarter this year, but during the first half of next year, it drops back down to what well call it a more normal level. If you take a look at the last three years of capital spending for us, it has fluctuated between 5% and 8% of revenue in the last three years.  And I would suggest for purposes of developing a model that youre trying to do for TI, that thats a good range to think about over the long-term going forward and we would expect to come back down into that kind of range as we move into second half of next year based upon our current planning and assumptions for 2010 growth.  Also just to put it into perspective the comment on tailwind from depreciation, if you look over the last 12 months, our depreciation has been about 9.5% of our revenue over the last 12 months. At the same time during that last 12 months our CapEx has been about 4% of our revenue during that period.  So we continue to spend CapEx at lower then the depreciation rate and even with this up tick I think that the longer term trend is were going to see CapEx again in the 5% to 8% kind of range which means that depreciation rather then running around 9.5% of revenues will begin to run a little bit less then that over time. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch : Correct me if Im wrong, but you have some profit sharing plans that tend to kick in when your full year Op margins hit 20% and from the way youre guiding it seems like youll be around that number, does the fourth quarter outlook incorporate that catch up bump that you might end up seeing if thats indeed the case. 
Kevin March : Yes, in fact it kicks in a bit lower then that and it incrementally goes up. Thats actually, it accrues at profitability ranges between 10% PFO at the low end and 35% PFO at the high end. So its quite a wide range but clearly with our increasing outlook for the year versus how we started the year, we have already in the third quarter increased accruals for compensation purposes related to profit sharing and that higher run rate is now also built into the fourth quarter. I would just mention that the third quarter means that not only did we increase it, we had a bit of a catch up for the year given our improved outlook and in fourth quarter well continue at that higher rate. 
Ron Slaymaker : So its already in the estimate for fourth quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer - Credit Suisse
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Just really quickly when you look at the midpoint of revenue guidance for the December quarter its essentially flat up 1%, Im just curious when you take into effect sort of mix, pricing, utilization, and what you want to do with your inventories, could we expect to see gross margins continue to grow sequentially on sort of flattish revenue. 
Kevin March : Let me just remind you that that flattish sort of revenue has our calculator business going seasonally down in the quarter, thats about $120 million or so sequentially down in the quarter and so that, the rest of its being offset by continued expectation of some growth in the semiconductor products.  And because of that growth in semiconductor products, that means that we will continue to run wafers through the factories and so our utilization levels will probably be a little bit higher then what we saw in the fourth quarter which of course had a favorable impact on our margins.  Beyond that I wont give a specific forecast to margin, but you can certainly see the cross currents going on there and the margin should be reasonably healthy in fourth quarter.  
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Just in your prepared comments you talked about your analog business being down 8% year on year and you thought that would compare favorably, by our estimation its going to be 3 to 500 basis points better then the industry, can you hazard a guess as to how much market share you think youre poised to gain here and I guess more importantly in what parts of the analog business do you think youre best positioned, are we starting to see some of the work youve done on HVAL come through or is this kind of across the board.
Ron Slaymaker : I will leave to you the math of what did you say, 300 to 500 basis points better and what does that translate into markets there because if I try to do it in my head here today, Ill embarrass myself, but I can try to address where.  I think a couple of areas that are notable, HVAL as you pointed out we noted that HVAL once again led the sequential growth trends for analog. Thats the second quarter in a row where HVAL has led the overall growth and thats not to take away what [HPA] and power contributed because both of those areas did very well as well.  But I think most analysts would say that more application specific side of the analog market tends to grow a little bit slower then the overall analog market. So the fact that were, our growth has been led by that area probably says that were significantly gaining share in the more application specific side of the analog market.  The other area that I would just note is the power side. I think power has just, and this is not a two quarter trend, this is a multi year trend for TI where it actually culminated in us breaking that power product line out and making it a separate business inside of analog.  We have been growing exceptionally well in power and I think we have the nice double impact of the power market itself is growing faster then analog as well. And I think were gaining share inside of power. So a good combination.  So again there are probably other areas as well but those would be the two that I would note; power and then also what were seeing in high volume analog. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman - Broadpoint.AmTech 
Doug Freedman - Broadpoint.AmTech : If you could comment on now that youre seeing such strong growth out of the analog business and imbedded processing are youre expectations and should ours change for seasonal impact. Then if you could help us understand sort of the overall mix that that product is seeing by more of an end market could be helpful. 
Ron Slaymaker : I dont know that analog and imbedded processing itself would throw on a new seasonal trend for TI but what could impact is that wireless is becoming a smaller part of our mix and I think wireless historically had a pretty specific seasonal pattern especially for growth in the third quarter. So its probably less analog and imbedded having its own seasonal pattern and just more a factor of less exposure to wireless and baseband specifically and the impact that that would have. 
Kevin March : I think you said it well, the only nuance that might be inside there and I doubt that it would really move the needle at the top is that the high volume analog and logic does tend to concentrate in certain end [inaudible] and so you might see some seasonal variance in there for example in storage products as PC cycle adjusts or in printers or even in the automotive side, but Im not sure that it would move the needle at the top that much. 
Doug Freedman - Broadpoint.AmTech: If I could move on and retouch on the target model question that was asked earlier how should we think about you trying to balance say market share gains with, versus the possibility when you get there of needing to move the target model. Is it something that youve given any thought to yet. 
Kevin March : Its something that we have certainly discussed but its not anything that were willing or prepared to discuss in a public manner just yet because clearly there is a trade off there. I would say though that we view it as being very important that we step up our top line growth and so certainly that has to be balanced with any objectives that we might also set for overall profitability and make the proper trade off.  But certainly top line growth is becoming increasingly important as we are getting much closer to reaching our model GPM and operating profit levels. 
Ron Slaymaker : And nor do we believe top line growth is mutually exclusive with expanding margins. I think if you just look at our performance over the last couple of quarters whereas weve layered on a lot of revenue growth youve seen a very significant margin expansion. That matters a lot to us and so again, those arent mutually exclusive.  Then the other thing I would just lay on is were growing in the right areas. Analog and imbedded processing are both well above the corporate average margins anyway so as we grow in those areas we probably have to worry less about the refinement of where were seeing growth inside of those spaces and more just focus on broadening the growth in analog and imbedded processing and realizing that if we grow in the right areas, that growth will do good things for TIs gross margin.  It will do good things for our operating margin as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets 
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets : Great job on the results, do you have any concerns that inventories building downstream not at your distributors but beyond that at ODMs or OEMs and can you talk about maybe the timing of peak builds this year versus prior years. 
Kevin March : I would say, we talked earlier about certainly our distribution channel being down about 5% quarter over quarter and I would remind you that we ship about 30% of our revenue through distribution so certainly that appears to be quite lean.  We have a significant portion of our revenue that sells via consignment to large OEMs and based upon what we can see at their pull rates and so on, I would characterize their inventories as also being well managed. In other words, it doesnt appear to be accumulated in their warehouses.  As it relates non-consignment OEMs or contract manufacturers, we really have to wait until the public data by those companies gets reported before we can comment on them. But certainly the channels were more than half of our revenue pass through, the inventories appear to be well managed and if not, in some cases, relatively lean. 
Ron Slaymaker : And again, this is as I said before, this is a time especially when lead times are extended somewhat where we really have to work closely with those customers and understand their requirements. And I think they understand that the stress, the entire supply chain, is going through. I really believe were getting pretty clear insight into kind of what their bottom line needs are so to the best we can tell, were not seeing where theres bubbles of inventory building.  Again theyre ramping production, and theres likely some finished goods being built in anticipation of the upcoming holiday season but thats very normal for this time of the year as well. 
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets : Any initial thoughts on Q1, should we think typically season and whats typical for Q1 seasonality. 
Ron Slaymaker : I can answer the second part of that in terms of whats typical for Q1 seasonality, for TI it would be that this is again an average number, our last five years, we would be down 3% and thats pretty consistent both the calculator business is generally flattish Q4 to Q1 as well as the semiconductor would follow that overall trend.  So in terms of this Q1 specifically, I dont have anything to provide you in terms of outlook or guidance at this point. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of David Wu - Global Crown Capital 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital : Can you quantify the lead times now for your analog business and the power management and the high performance analog. And then I have a follow-up, really the wireless baseband, Im amazed that this is supposed to decline all year and actually you had a sequential increase in Q3, does it ever go down, the baseband business. 
Ron Slaymaker : Let me try to address both those, I dont have a breakout for you on lead times by product area. What I can say is that given the rapid and unforecasted increase in our customer demand for analog and frankly a lot of other product lines, our supply is constrained in some areas. I think as I said before our factories have done an absolute outstanding job in terms of the rate at which they have responded and ramped our production, again compared to those initial plans that we had coming into third quarter or even when we came into second quarter.  That being said, our customer service metrics arent where we want them including lead times and were working very hard to address that. But I dont have anything more specific for you.  On the baseband trends and you noted that basebands grew sequentially, weve given kind of the best overall just call it general planning number that we can provide which is that the baseband revenue generally will decline and decline call it linearly between now and the end of 2012. It will be lumpy. There will be quarters where we are below that trend. There will be other quarters where were above that trend so I dont want to try to pretend theres too much precision in that. Some of the factors that are behind the rate of that decline will include things like the mix of 2G and Smart Phones or, the general high end or low end handsets.  It will include how the overall market does. It will include how our customers specifically do in the marketplace and then finally it will include our competitors execution in bringing on those alternative baseband products for our customers to move into production.  And so you can go, try to have various reads on each of those factors but it is what it is and the fact that we saw that sequential growth this quarter that has good cash flow contributions associated with it and we appreciate it.  Again I dont have any revised guidance other then what we had previously told you.  Thank all of you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-20 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker - Vice President, Investor Relations Kevin P. March - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts: Uche Orji - UBS James Covello - Goldman Sachs Sirinni Pijirri - CLSA Cody Acree - Stifel Nicholaus Edward Schneider - Charter Equity Research Glen Yeung  Citigroup Stacy Razkin - Sanford C. Bernstein John Pitzer  Credit Suisse Doug Freedman - Broadpoint John Barton - Cowen & Company Tore Svanburg - Thomas Weisel Partners Sumit Dhanda  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christopher Danely  J.P. Morgan Tim Luke - Barclays Capital Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley Craig Ellis - Caris & Company
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Texas Instruments second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ron Slaymaker. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today.  For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at TI.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available to the web.  This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TI's results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a complete description.  Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for September 9th. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update.  In todays call, we will address key questions such as what is driving the strong sequential growth in TI revenue, does TI growing faster than in-demand growth mean that inventory is building, setting the stage for am impending correction? Also, how much did TI's wireless base band revenue impact TI's results? Strategically well talk about what weve been doing to strengthen our positions in analog and embedded processing. Finally, well discuss the drivers behind the increase in TI's profitability, and the sustainability of the increase.  Ill start by noting that revenue and earnings for the second quarter settled in the upper half of the guidance range we provided in June. As you may recall, that range had been raised from our initial estimates in April so the end result for the quarter was substantially better than our original expectations. TI revenue grew 18% sequentially and was down 27% from a year ago. We were especially pleased with the growth in our core areas of analog and embedded processing.  Analog was the biggest driver of TI sequential growth, with all three of its major businesses contributing -- high volume analog and logic, or HVAL, power, and high performance analog. Although we still have work to do, we are encouraged by the early signs of progress in our HVAL business. Weve been talking with you for some time about our efforts to reinvigorate growth in this area and we believe we are on the cusp of this turnaround.  In total, analog revenue grew 21% sequentially and was down 24% from a year ago. Embedded processing grew 11% sequentially, due mostly to strength in catalog products. This segment declined 20% from a year ago. Wireless revenue increased 9% sequentially and declined 33% from a year ago. Our connectivity product line for smartphones drove most of this sequential growth. [OMAP] applications processors and baseband products also grew sequentially, although by a smaller amount.  From a regional and end equipment perspective, Ill note that sequential growth was driven primarily by high-volume equipment manufactured in Asia, notebook PCs, hard disk drives, smartphones, and consumer products such as TVs and videogame systems were all strong in the quarter.  Our sales in Europe and the U.S. continue to be weak, although these regions are both much smaller in terms of revenue than Asia, and are more heavily dominated by manufacturers who sell into industrial markets. Year-to-date, more than 90% of our revenue is from outside of the U.S.  Now Ill characterize sequential growth as we believe it relates to inventory and in-demand, as customers and distributors slowed the rate at which they are reducing inventory, our shipments continue to rise toward the level of in-demand. Although it is difficult to identify specific inventory levels and trends at OEM and EMS customers, we dont believe inventory is generally building; instead, it likely continued to decline in the second quarter, although at a less rate than in the first quarter. We have better clarity on inventory at our distributors.  Working with our distributors, we reduced inventory in the channel by about 10% in the quarter. As you would expect, this rate of inventory reduction was less than last quarter, as our sales into the channel begin to approach the rate at which our distributors are selling TI product out of the channel.  You will recall that the middle of the expected growth range we provided in April projected about 4% sequential growth, mostly coming from the seasonal increase in calculator sales. As demand from our semiconductor customers surged in the quarter, our factories responded, ultimately delivering 18% growth in revenue.  We understand that uncertainty continues in the in-demand environment and we will keep our operations flexible to respond to changing customer needs.  Before we move on to profitability, I want to take a moment to provide you with revenue information for our baseband product line that we are winding down over the next few years by providing this revenue breakout, we believe you will have better insight into the declining importance of baseband to our long-term revenue growth. Specifically, baseband revenue was $410 million in the second quarter, up 3% sequentially and down 40% from a year ago. We have posted a chart on our website so that you can see quarterly baseband revenue back to the first quarter of 2008.  For the second quarter, when baseband is excluded, you can now calculate that TI's sequential growth was several percentage points higher at 21%.  I will conclude my portion of our comments by mentioning the strategic action we took in the second quarter to strengthen embedded processing, one of our key growth areas by acquiring a company called Luminary Micro. Luminary has a strong line-up of advanced 32-bit microcontrollers based on arms cortex M3 architecture. With this acquisition, we have transitioned from minimal presence in the 32-bit catalog microcontroller market to having more than 140 products in this fast-growing space, essentially overnight.  The leverage from this type of acquisition is significant as many of our 2000 field sales representatives and application engineers have now been trained on this product line and are busy uncovering new opportunities.  Now, Kevin will review profitability and our outlook. 
Kevin P. March: Thanks, Ron and good afternoon, everyone. The combination of higher revenue and higher factory utilization contributed to gross profit increasing by 39% sequentially. Gross margin increased 710 basis points sequentially to 45.7% of revenue, although it remains below the gross margin of 52.2% in the year-ago quarter. This quarter was a solid step toward the 55% goal we had set for the companys gross margin. As we continue to improve our product mix with more analog and embedded processing revenue, continue to more fully utilize our factory capacity and continue to lower our depreciation expense, we expect additional progress towards this goal.  Operating expenses were about even with the first quarter, although declined $220 million from the year ago.  Restructuring charges in the second quarter were $85 million, or 3.5% of revenue. The distribution of these charges across our segments is included in our earnings release.  Operating profit for the quarter was $343 million. Excluding the restructuring charges, operating profit was $428 million, or 17.4% of revenue.  Our annual effective tax rate increased to 27%, higher than the 24% we had previously estimated, reflecting our updated 2009 forecast.  Net income was $260 million, or $0.20 per share. Excluding the restructuring charges, net income was $315 million, or $0.25 per share.  I will leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release. However, let me make just a few comments.  Cash flow from operations increased to $557 million in the quarter. This is an increase from both the year-ago and the prior quarter levels. Capital expenditures were $47 million in the quarter.  We used $251 million in the quarter to repurchase 13.4 million shares of TI common stock and paid dividends of $139 million in the quarter.  We increased cash and short-term investments to $2.56 billion in the quarter. Our balance sheet continues to remain strong and is a competitive advantage for TI in this environment.  Inventory declined $35 million in the quarter. Inventory days declined to 72 at the end of the quarter compared with 93 days at the end of the year-ago quarter and 77 days at the end of the first quarter.  TI orders in the quarter were $2.80 billion, up 27% sequentially. TI book-to-bill increased to 1.14 in the quarter from 1.05 in the prior quarter. Visibility entering the third quarter has improved markedly.  Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $2.50 billion to $2.80 billion in the third quarter. You will note this is a sequential increase of 2% to 14%. Compared with a year ago, this range reflects a revenue decline of 26% to 17%.  We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.29 to $0.39. This EPS estimate includes $0.01 per share negative impact resulting from expected restructuring charges.  We expect a similar impact for restructuring charges in the fourth quarter.  For 2009, our estimates for R&D, capital expenditures, and depreciation are unchanged and are described in the earnings release.  In summary, after the markets sharp inventory correction in the fourth and first quarters, we are encouraged that our revenue is moving back toward the level of in-demand. Along with higher revenue, our factory utilization is improving and our profitability is increasing. Although in-demand trends remain uncertain, we have shaped our strategies such that TI benefits from an improving mix of analog and embedded processing products.  At the same time, the actions we took early to reshape and lower our expense will continue to contribute toward healthy trends in our profitability. Further, weve been investing to strengthen our product lines even through the depths of a downturn and our strong cash generation will allow us to continue to make beneficial strategic choices. Whenever demand begins to recover, we believe the growth that will result will make it increasingly evident that there are no better markets for TI than analog and a better processing.  With that, let me turn it back to Ron. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. Jamie, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your question, please limit yourself to a single single-part question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Uche Orji with UBS. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you very much. Ron, my first question is on the wireless business, just to understand the profitability of the non-baseband business. So I look at the baseband business, its two-thirds of the wireless. If I look at the margin itself, its closer to [third] margin as analog so I just want to understand how the profitability of the baseband and non-baseband business is trending just to get a sense of [the sustainability]. 
Ron Slaymaker: Kevin, do you want to talk about profitability there?
Kevin P. March: Yeah, I think that if you take a look at roughly 70% of our revenue in the second quarter was baseband and the rest of it was about evenly divided between the applications processors and the connectivity products.  We had been talking for -- I think since October of last year that we were removing the expenses through the balance of this year from the R&D standpoint from the baseband part of that portfolio and redeploying those over -- particularly into the applications processing side to expand that portfolio of products.  So as we moved through that transition, the relative profitability of the two will change. I wont get into specifics, simply to say that the profitability on baseband will get a little bit better than it has been traditionally and those resources will then -- some of those resources will be absorbed by the applications processor side.  You may recall that we had characterized in the past total wireless had margins, our gross margins were probably in the mid-40s and operating PFO kind of in the 20-ish kind of level. That was prior to this downturn that we are in right now. So once again well see profitability on baseband increase simply because a lot of the operating expenses are going to come off of that as we wind down the development efforts on that by the end of this year. 
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-up?
Uche Orji - UBS: Yes, I do -- maybe a separate question, actually. If I look at your operating expenses, especially on the R&D line, this is probably close to an all-time low for TI and similarly on SG&A is at fairly low levels. Granted most of the OpEx reduction has been in reaction to the markets. What should we think is the normalized level for OpEx as the market starts to come back? Should we expect costs to start increase as some of the tightness [to costs starts to ease]?
Kevin P. March: We had talked for a while a couple of years ago when we set the goal for profitability for the company at 55% gross and 30% operating margin. That really says theres about a 25% that you would expect in the OpEx categories of costs -- thats R&D and SG&A. We are certainly closing in on that although we are not there yet and as you pointed out, we brought those operating expenditures down pretty sharply here as a result of the restructurings that we did back in the first quarter.  Going forward, we are expecting OpEx to continue to decline a little bit more over the next couple of quarters, such that it should reach about the $660 million level in the fourth quarter.  To the extent that we see that changing as we move out in time, that will be more a function of changes in pay and benefit type of factors as opposed to anything else. So from that point, our mission then is to go off and grow the revenue to make sure that that stays at a 25% kind of level. 
Operator: Well take our next question from James Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: First, I wonder if you guys could run through the lead times across the product portfolio -- has there been any stretching of lead times in any of the various products as the business conditions have improved?
Ron Slaymaker: Jim, I dont that I can run all the way across the product portfolio. I can make some general statements on lead times -- for the most part, I would describe lead times as generally stable. There have been some product areas whereas demand surged in the second quarter, it got ahead of our supply and we necessarily stretched out lead times somewhat. And we are as rapidly as possible trying to ramp our production in those areas, get lead times back down to those short normal levels but I would just -- and again, I dont have specific product areas to call out for you other than to acknowledge there have been a few areas where lead times have stretched out during the quarter.  Do you have a follow-on, Jim? 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Sure. Could you talk about what you expect for inventory on your own balance sheet and then in the channel for the third quarter?
Kevin P. March: Jim, we dont normally forecast inventory but I would just point out that we just drained -- well, I guess it was another $35 million or so out of inventory this quarter, taking us down to 72 days and you may recall that last quarter we talked about inventory being at what we would call ideal levels -- well, right now I would probably characterize inventory as being somewhat lean. So we would probably look to build those a little bit more as we see demand stabilizing.  We have been draining inventory in the channel, the distribution channel drained about another 10% this past quarter. We know that some of our larger customers have reported already and weve seen evidence where they have been reducing their inventories as well according to their public reporting, so we believe inventory in the channel also is quite low and still coming down a bit, although at a slower pace.  And going forward, we would imagine that inventories begin to match up a lot more closely with true end-demand and not necessarily see inventories building in the channel. We made build a little bit on our own balance sheet simply because as Ron mentioned, we are a little bit behind on just a couple of parts that we need to go ahead and bring the levels back up to, but I wouldnt expect a significant change. 
Ron Slaymaker:  Let me make a few additional comments just also on trends with distributor inventory -- weve been speaking with you for I guess a year now about a consignment program that we are in the process of deploying with distributors. We now have about 25% of our distributor revenue supported by consignment inventory programs where we own that inventory as opposed to the distributors having it on their balance sheet.  The net effect of us continuing to expand that program will be that distributors own inventory, or the distributor -- or it would generally be considered channel inventory will continue to decline as we go ahead.  So just to kind of give you a milestone of where we are on that, I think you have historically heard us talk about average inventory levels anywhere from eight to nine weeks at distribution. Were down probably in the 6.5 week range with about a quarter of that revenue being supported by consignment and even though over time not everything will go to consignment, probably something like half of it will. So that says that distributor inventories in general would be expected to continue to go down over the course of time as we deploy that program.  So the net effect on our revenue is we probably lose what looks like, for example, in the second quarter a little bit of revenue growth as we transition over to that consignment program but we dont lose revenue -- thats just simply a matter of when that revenue is recognized.  So anyway, I just thought that was a good opportunity to talk about that program. Thanks for your questions, Jim and lets go to the next caller, Operator. 
Operator: Well take our next question from [Sirinni Pijirri] with CLSA.
Sirinni Pijirri - CLSA: Thank you. Ron, you said you are making decent progress on the high volume analog segment. Im just wondering how much of the strength in Q2 and Q3 is related to share gains versus just the market coming back a bit here?
Ron Slaymaker: I wish I had a good answer for you but I dont know that we have that quantified, especially when you look at a single quarter effect like that. There have been programs over the last couple of quarters that have moved into production that we can clearly identify as share gain but also in many of those markets, such as -- oh, I dont know, storage would be one example, first quarter there was a significant inventory correction taking place at those customers that were now coming back off of.  So I dont have -- clearly its a mix but I dont have it quantified for you. Do you have a follow-on?
Sirinni Pijirri - CLSA: Sure, for Kevin -- Kevin, more of a longer term margin question for you -- I guess when you first gave us the 55% target, obviously you -- Im guessing that you assumed that wireless would be in the mix. Now that wireless is going to be out of the mix looking two to three years from now, why wouldnt the gross margins be higher than 55? Is there any secular reason for that? Thank you. 
Kevin P. March: Thats a good challenging question. I would say theres no secular reason why they couldnt be higher but we need to achieve first a mix that gets us to 55 and 30 and then we can revisit the trade-off between further expansion of that mix and rates of revenue growth that we can actually deliver to our shareholders. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks for your questions. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Cody Acree from Stifel Nicholaus.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicholaus: Of -- ex-basebands, or actually including basebands, can you talk about crossover with embedded and analog and apps processor? When do you think we start to see a crossover of revenue?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, Im not sure I completely understand your question, Cody. Youre saying when do we think weve seen growth in those other areas enough to offset a decline in baseband -- is that the question?
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicholaus: Yeah, we got $601 million in baseband, analog embedded apps processing -- when do those grow to a point that its not longer an issue?
Kevin P. March: Cody, let me offer a different way to think about it -- we actually had $601 million in overall wireless revenue -- 410 was in basebands. Weve talked about the baseband revenue working its way to zero by the end of 2012 -- in other words, 2013, there is no revenue. So you can take a look and say well, thats probably 10 quarters away from us, so I think if you just drew yourself a linear line and figured out the rate of quarterly decline, you can see that its really not as severe as you might think it would be, given where we are at right now at around a $410 million quarter we just came out of on baseband.  And so its not all that out of the question that the rest of the portfolio can certainly absorb that and in fact offset it and show total growth for TI. I wont make any specific predictions but I do want to make sure you kind of have the numbers framed so you can see that its really a declining drag on us as we move forward in time. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicholaus: Right. 
Ron Slaymaker: But Cody, let me also just say that I dont think we sit around here trying to figure out what do we need to do in analog -- whats the right level of investment to make in analog and embedded processing to fill the hole that is created by basebands. Those are two completely independent business decisions.  What we are doing in baseband is the right decision for that particular market opportunity and what we are doing in analog and embedded processing is an investment level that pretty much maximizes the returns and the opportunity in that space as well. And I think, especially over the next few years, as Kevin explained, we have the opportunity to drive some very nice cash flow out of our baseband operations as we pull operating expense off.  I actually believe looking at just the top line revenue decline there probably is not as much the important factor as much as more kind of the bottom line contribution over that remaining lifespan for that product area.  Do you have a follow-on?
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicholaus: Sure. The 27% order increase, can you give any granularity there?
Ron Slaymaker: We dont break it out by product area. I dont know that it was -- theres nothing that comes to my mind that it was particularly weighted in one area versus the other but I think similar to what you saw, this quarter in terms of pretty broad base of revenue growth, I think orders generally would have reflected a similar type of distribution.  Okay, Cody, thank you for your questions. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Edward Schneider with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Schneider - Charter Equity Research: Thanks a lot. A couple -- your moving to consignment is going to give you better visibility of the cost of higher working capital and it sounds like youve got a nice chunk of it now going to 50%. As you move to that kind of a model, what are you seeing in terms of throughput, or any surprises there at all? More importantly, is this going to give you better forecasting for that business? Thats a pretty fragmented market to begin with and its not clear that the tradeoff is necessarily going to give you much better in terms of planning. 
Kevin P. March: Ed, you are talking the consignment for the distribution channel, Im presuming?
Edward Schneider - Charter Equity Research: Correct. 
Kevin P. March: Yeah, that certainly will cause our inventory levels to increase some as we take on ownership of that and it just really shifts the ownership by roughly 90 days because for the most part, as Ron indicated earlier, that channel turns over the inventor pretty quick. So the working capital that we are going to take on to carry that is really not all that significant.  The fact of the matter is the arrangements we had with the distribution customers are such that we get more favorable treatment on our products that they ship in exchange for this program and so theres a mutual benefit both for them and for us.  From an overall planning standpoint, we actually think this will give us better visibility because we will actually -- because we are holding the inventory, if you will, we dont have to stock pockets into a series of warehouses at our distributors and therefore have a lot of inventory around the world, if you will. Well actually be able to hold a little bit more of it back and move it across the various distributor warehouses where theres demand over time.  So we think that will allow us to be more responsive to changes in demand, whether its up or down and give us improved visibility and a fairly small cost on the working capital side. 
Ron Slaymaker: More efficient and flexible inventory but I would also say the big driver for us doing this is we believe it will translate to market share increases for TI inside of our distributors. 
Edward Schneider - Charter Equity Research: And so the $35 million you talked about in terms of burning that off this quarter, thats including the growth in the consignment, so it actually should have gone up a little bit, or has it all been put on hold during the downturn here?
Kevin P. March: You mean -- the movement to consignment has not been put on hold. We started this program a little less than a year ago and weve continued right through the downturn. But were not letting the downturn get in the way of it. This is operationally better for us and as Ron pointed out, we believe certainly over the long-term, better strategically because we get more mine share with the distribution channel.
Ron Slaymaker: But Ed, you are very correct -- the $35 million decline in TI inventory included us increasing the amount of consignment inventory during the quarter to support distribution. Do you have a follow-on? Okay, I believe that was your follow-on, Ed. Thank you for your questions. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Glen Yeung with Citigroup.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thanks. I think Im getting something like 51% implied in your guidance for Q3 gross margins and I guess the question I have is when I look at sales of -- you know, call it 2.6, 2.7 something like that for Q3 on 51% gross margins, do I need to see revenues increase kind of in step with that to get the 55 or can mix alone at some point in and around the revenue levels you are projecting for Q3 get me to my target model?
Kevin P. March: Glen, I wont comment on the gross profit margin that you are forecasting there because we actually dont provide that, as you well know. I would say though that again, with baseband on its way down and traditionally at lower gross margins than we have on the rest of the portfolio, clearly as analog and embedded processing become a larger and larger portion of our total revenue, that has a clearly favorable impact on our gross margins.  In addition, as we go into third quarter, the only comment I would make there is I did mention earlier that we are quite lean on inventories right now, that our projection is for revenue to increase in third quarter versus second quarter, and so by definition well have to step up production somewhat in order to do that and so that should have some favorable impact on our utilization going into the third quarter. 
Ron Slaymaker:
 :
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Yeah, kind of a qualitative question -- I think also in the prepared remarks, Kevin, you had mentioned that visibility has improved markedly and its obvious in way because your bookings were up and your backlog is higher but is there anything else that you are hearing or seeing from your customers that says to you this is a more sustainable -- what we are seeing is more sustainable than what one might have thought a quarter ago?
Kevin P. March: Well, the signals that we are seeing, Glen, really have to do with the rate of decline that we are seeing in there inventory levels. It has slowed substantially, which certainly signals to us that they believe their inventories are much better aligned now with their true in-demand. So thats probably one of the better signals that we are seeing from the. The second side, of course, is the orders. We actually saw our backlog for the current quarter increase about 27% versus where we were 90 days ago. In other words, starting the quarter, we had 27% more backlog than we did starting the second quarter, and so thats given us increased visibility and confidence on the outlook for third quarter. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, thank you, Glen. Lets move to the next caller please, Operator. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Stacy [Razkin] with Sanford Bernstein. Stacy Razkin - Sanford C. Bernstein Ron, a quick question on the communications infrastructure -- so that was about flat in the quarter. I know this has been a source of growth for you guys over the last couple of quarters. Is that pausing now or do you still anticipate growth going forward? And is the fact that [ASICS] were actually down also indicative of this?
Ron Slaymaker: Stacy, I think certainly what we saw in first quarter was highly driven by the China infrastructure build. Our view is thats kind of running on a one-year cycle in terms of the different phases of that deployment, so I think we believe there is growth there and that it is multi-year growth but it may happen more in steps as opposed to a continuous quarter by quarter growth, even as what youve seen thus far. So I wont necessarily comment on second half expectations but we saw a nice growth in first quarter, we saw it flatten out in the second quarter. Additional phases will roll out, as I said, kind of on a year-by-year type of basis is our expectation. 
Stacy Razkin - Sanford C. Bernstein: Got it, so a little lumpier then?
Ron Slaymaker: Right. 
Stacy Razkin - Sanford C. Bernstein: Got it. And I guess for my follow-up, just around your guidance and upside in next quarter, so the midpoint would be up, what is it, 7.8% from where you came in in Q2? Im just curious how much of that you really do feel is kind of demand versus any sort of restocking which might occur in the channel? I just know that a little more seasonal might be up, maybe like 3% to 4%. 
Ron Slaymaker: You know, Stacy, its really difficult, as I said in the opening remarks, where we have great visibility in terms of actually knowing the specifics of inventory trends will be at distribution. Once we start moving out into the OEMs and EMS, you know, we generally will have a feel for whats going on but its difficult to be specific. You know, Kevin pointed out that if you just look at, for example, last quarter, our largest customer which did report now last week announced that they reduced their inventory 14%. The other area where I said we had great visibility was at distribution, where we saw inventory go down 10%. So there are a -- between those two guys alone, they represent half of our revenue, a trend that said in second quarter we continue to ship below -- maybe not end consumption but the rate at which they are shipping out. So that says -- and by the way that just -- those are two areas -- two customers or a customer in distribution where we have now quantified results. The other half of our revenue basically we think there are general trends that probably matched the other half, the first half I described.  So going into third quarter, we know based upon the half that I just described, our revenue, our shipments entering the quarter are below the rate at which the customers are shipping out, so we know or we believe theres more room to go in terms of what I would call the convergence of our shipments and the rate at which our customers are going.  Does it go beyond that and have those customers start to replenish inventory? That wouldnt be surprising, just given the seasonality of third quarter, you know, coming into the holiday market but I dont want to speculate on what will or will not happen other than a normal seasonal trend would indicate that.  Do you have anything further, Kevin?
Kevin P. March: Stacy, just to add a little clarity to that, if we look at our five-year average for third quarter, we normally -- that five-year average, we say wed expect third quarter to be up about 5% sequentially and as you know, our midpoint is up a couple of points higher than that and its really again to our belief that we are just catching up with end demand with our customers.  Our belief is really the whole supply chain is coming into much better balance, from the semiconductor suppliers all the way to our customers to their end customers, and so the inventory correction is largely completing itself. Were just -- were probably in the last stages of that rebalancing. 
Ron Slaymaker: But Stacy, I also will just add, Ive seen from other semiconductor vendors, conference calls, you know, that they believe theres some inventory restocking thats going to take place in the PC market or otherwise and some of those guys may have visibility into those channels that would be better than what we are seeing specifically but well probably -- well probably have better visibility on that once we come out of the quarter.  All right, Stacy, thank you for your question and lets go to the next caller, please.  
Operator: Well take our next question from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Ron, I guess as a follow-on to that, when you look at the revenue guidance for September, I completely understand the upper half of the range. Given your book-to-bill bookings backlog, the fact that you are shipping below consumption and some of the share gains you are expecting and the high volume, Im having a hard time understanding the lower half of the range. Other than just sort of macro uncertainty, is there anything else that you are seeing in the business thats actually driving kind of the lower half of the range? 
Ron Slaymaker: I think youve identified most of the variables that I can think of and clearly the macro environment -- the macro environment for the most part continues weak. I mean, as we said, at least to what we saw in the second quarter, it was mainly driven by TI coming out of the inventory correction and moving back toward in-demand. You know, I would say the biggest downside risk factor continues to be the overall macro environment and the uncertainty that ties to that. Thats not saying thats something were forecasting but clearly thats a -- thats one of the downside risks that would exist in third quarter. 
Kevin P. March: To put a little additional color on that, John, I mean, if we just kind of look at macro economy, as Ron just said, its not growing yet, albeit it may be getting closer to bottoming, but if you just look at the unemployment rate in the U.S. a year ago this time, it was probably around 5%, 5.5% -- now were 9%, pushing 10%. Its unclear where we are going to see much of a bump in the growth going forward with those kinds of economic realities. And so that explains the range that weve got, is that in fact if were closer to meeting in-demand with our customers than what we believe, then we may actually come in at the lower end of the range. If we have a little bit more correction or to finalize on inventory matching, then we are probably closer to the middle or upper end of the range, as we indicated. 
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, John?
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: As my follow-on, Ron, when you look at the baseband business and you kind of look at both gross and op margin, can you help me understand fixed versus variable cost on that business so that if we dont get the smooth transition of baseband revenue going down, being offset by other areas of the business, how do we think about your ability to manage costs as that business winds down?
Kevin P. March: John, all weve got left really is to wind up the last of a development program that will be done by the end of this year, so weve really only got a couple -- less than a couple of quarters to go to finish that up.  After that, the costs that we have on that business is truly sized to just the demand, so as the demand drops, its almost completely variable with very little fixed cost. 
Ron Slaymaker: And what about on the manufacturing side?
Kevin P. March: Thats a good point. On the manufacturing side, the overall majority of this is outsource, especially on the wafer side. So its not an issue for us when it comes to the wafer fabs. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, John, thank you for your questions. Lets go to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Doug Freedman with Broadpoint. 
Doug Freedman - Broadpoint: Can you talk a little bit about where you are seeing this high volume analog strength and what market segments are driving some of that growth in the future?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Doug, I think we identified some that were already that were in the current quarter. So for example, I think we talked about storage. I think we talked about not yet -- Im just -- Im going blank in terms of the various pieces here. Storage certainly was a piece of it and certainly consumer was part of that as well. I think some of the consumer included things, for example, like personal navigation devices. I think TVs were part of what we saw also in HVAL while some of the gaming opportunities and programs that we have over in Japan.  Going forward, I would say it would be more in those various segments as weve been able to take some of those customers where we had relationships, expand our presence in those existing systems. The other thing that weve been able to do is take, for example some of our capabilities -- you know, an example I would say is a motor drive skill that came out of our work in hard disk drives and basically be able to apply that in what we call adjacent markets. For example, just the broader motor servo control market, with varying products.  And then finally, one that we had talked about for some time is in wireless, where wireless analog has been a significant drag on our overall analog growth and specifically our HVAL growth for a number of years now. I think for some time weve been projecting that we would expect that to bottom out in the first half of this year and then translate to growth in second half as we have new programs that weve been working on for some time shift into production. And nothing has changed -- in fact, those programs are well underway and we continue to expect growth in the HVAL wireless piece in the second half of this year.  Do you have a follow-on, Doug?
Doug Freedman - Broadpoint: Yeah, if you could spend a few minutes talking a little bit about the companys acquisition strategy and the deal pipeline that you might be thinking about -- am I correct in stating that it looks to me like you are doing about one bolt-on acquisition per quarter? And is that something -- is that sort of a rate we should expect to see you guys continue to do deals at?
Kevin P. March: Doug, I wouldnt be so bold as to forecast that it would be at that same rate but you are certainly correct in observing that it has been at that rate the last few quarters. Certainly we just closed on Luminary this past quarter and CICLON the quarter before. Of course, we are always looking -- as weve mentioned before, what we find somewhat attractive about this kind of economic environment is that companies tend to be a little bit more open to the idea of acquisition than they might be in a more robust, well-funded economy. And we look to use that strategy to supplement any holes that we have in technology or capability, or to accelerate our overall revenue growth. So clearly we are looking -- we always look, theres always luck under the spotlight but its almost impossible to forecast the rate at which you might actually succeed in closing on those deals. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, thank you, Doug. 
Operator: Well take our next question from John Barton with Cowen & Company.
John Barton - Cowen & Company: Thank you. Youve mentioned both in your prepared statements and in the written documentation that you are going to keep operations flexible because the demand trends are uncertain. Can you give us a feel how flexible you can be? Im think about in both directions -- you know, if we see a greater than expected up-turn, how quickly can you react to have both internally manufactured wafers as well as the foundry domain? And then what are your thoughts on how quickly you would turn things down if necessary?
Kevin P. March: Well, John, I would point to the current quarter as an example. Again, we came into the quarter anticipating about a 4% sequential revenue growth at the midpoint of our guidance that we gave 90 days ago, with most of that actually coming from our calculator business. And it turned out we just delivered 18% growth, so I would say that our ability to flex up is pretty good, as indicated by the last 90 days. And we do that really by supplementing our manufacturing operations, not only with foundry for wafers but also with contract labor in some of our various sites, so that we can hire those folks back on pretty quickly and correspondingly, if we see demand flip sharply in the other direction, we can do exactly the reverse of what we just did and we can do it in quite a short order. So we are pretty confident about our ability to move quite quickly in either direction on that front. 
Ron Slaymaker: Your follow-on, John?
John Barton - Cowen & Company: You highlighted the acquisition of Luminary and the fact that you now have at hand the 2,000 field personnel -- putting aside design cycles or time from designs [of productions] of the customers, how quickly can you educate that field force and actually how quickly do customers start to embrace it now that its under the TI umbrella?
Ron Slaymaker: Ill make some comments and then Kevin might want to add on. I think in terms of training of the sales force, that can happen very quickly and it will happen to varying degrees over time. So initially its a matter of giving them collateral, helping them understand in general the parts, how those different products fit into different applications and application A, you should -- you know, the sales person should be looking at a Luminary part; application B, you know, consider this TI DSV or whatever. So its a matter of helping them fill out kind of a product application matrix to just be able to know when do you start talking part A versus part B? You know, the other thing that happens just over time that happens naturally with those various customer interactions is just the deeper applications knowledge that happens, and thats just with time and experience and they will get better and better over time.  You know, in terms of how fast can the customers and do the customers engage, in some cases, there will be customers that considered working with the small company, whether it be Luminary or go back to first quarter, CICLON, but were not -- they didnt have enough confidence in that company, especially in this type of environment basically to risk their product line and in some cases, risk their company on that small company as a supplier.  And so a lot of times theres already intimacy between the customer and that -- the acquired companies strategy and product line and product road map and week one of us announcing the deal, we have customers calling us, not us calling customers, saying good deal, lets get together, we want to engage. And both in Luminarys case and also in CICLONs case, weve had that situation exist and I know in the case of CICLON, for example, big customers that were familiar with the technology but were not comfortable engaging with that small of a company, calling TI executives the day after that acquisition saying come in here, we need to talk, we want to work with you on this product line.  So it can be embraced very quickly but at the same time, John, dont translate that to an upside in third quarter. You know, from the time you engage with these customers, especially in the case of a microcontroller, it very well can be 18 months or so before you are seeing -- were seeing revenue from those engagements. So a great opportunity, a good opportunity to continue driving long-term growth in embedded processing and analog but give us a little bit of time before we start showing those results.  Okay, John, thank you for your questions and lets move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Tore Svanburg with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Tore Svanburg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes, my first question is historically, you would have had to hit maybe $3 billion in revenues to get the 50% gross margin. Just based on the new mix, is there a chance you can get there before hitting $3 billion a quarter?
Kevin P. March: Tore, it certainly would be a desirable outcome but I wont go so far as to predict that. I would just simply remind what I talked about earlier, that we will be close to -- in our current revenue levels, we are going to be close to a 25% operating expenditure kind of mix, and so it wont take a whole lot of extra revenue to actually -- especially in the right mix -- to get us to a 50% kind of gross margin after that and begin to push up towards that 55% goal we set for ourselves. 
Ron Slaymaker: And Tore, I dont know about the math that you did to get to $3 billion but whatever that number was, it will be lower -- the revenue level will be lower just given analog and embedded processing have historically had gross margins above the company average and baseband had gross margins below the company average, so as we get faster growth in analog and embedded processing and as baseband becomes less and less a part of the mix, we are getting -- we will benefit on the gross margin both from the top side and the bottom side of that equation.  Okay, do you have a follow-on, Tore?
Tore Svanburg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yeah, where is utilization today and where do you expect that to be in Q3?
Ron Slaymaker: Tore, we dont break out specific utilization levels any longer. What I can say is second quarter was a step up from where we had been in the first quarter level. I dont have a projection for you in third quarter, although our factory loadings will continue to reflect our demand not only in the third quarter but in this case, it would also be our anticipated demand in the fourth quarter, as well as any adjustments that we need to make to our inventory level. So again, I dont have a specific utilization number to provide you going forward.  Okay, Tore, thank you for your questions and well move to the next caller. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Sumit Dhanda with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Sumit Dhanda  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions -- you mentioned that with the consignment arrangement, youd get potentially favorable treatment from your distributors -- any implications in terms of your margins, you know, given that clearly the distributors get -- sort of impact your margins, given how much was going through, going directly through distribution before -- does that impact reduce given the consignment approach?
Kevin P. March: Thats the market driven kind of pricing thing and its not going to have -- we wont have any impact on margins and thats not what this is really about. Its really about gaining greater mind share with the distributors and helping to accelerate our rate of growth and our total market share but I wouldnt expect any impact, pro or con, on the margin front as a result of this program.
Ron Slaymaker: What could be a consideration, although its probably more indirect, are the products that move through distribution tend to be areas like high performance analog, the catalog power devices, and the catalog embedded processing devices -- all of those areas tend to have pretty rich margins. So to the extent it translates to market share gains and therefore mix improvement, well benefit.  Your follow-on question?
Sumit Dhanda  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, Kevin, if you could break out within basebands the merchant business versus the custom business -- is that a possibility?
Kevin P. March: Sumit, I think we are going to keep it to the recent breakout that weve just done and well just begin to call out specifically baseband, so you can track that. Because they are both kind of moving. We talked before about what the merchant business was. It will tail off before the custom business does but whats more meaningful, I think, is the profile that weve given in the history thats on the website and the way weve suggested you model that in over the next 10 quarters of decline. 
Ron Slaymaker: Sumit, I dont have the specifics but let me just say that baseband revenue is far weighted toward customer as opposed to merchant but again, I dont have the specific mix.  Okay, thank you for your question, Sumit. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Christopher Danely with J.P. Morgan.
Christopher Danely  J.P. Morgan: Ron or Kevin, you guys talked about the lead times stretching out in some certain products and then also the desire for the channel to maybe take out the inventory a little bit this quarter. Do you think that things will be normalized by the end of Q3 or could we see these extended lead times and low inventories still into Q4?
Kevin P. March: Chris, Im not sure that we were talking about the channel increasing their inventory. I think what we were talking about is that we would like to increase ours a little bit -- 72 days is a little bit lean and consequently on some parts, demand has exceeded our available supply and thats what we are trying to step up our internal inventory on to meet that. Were not trying to get the channel to increase its inventory. 
Ron Slaymaker: Yeah, in fact I think what I said is the longer term trends toward distribution is that their inventory levels will continue to go down because of the consignment program we have in place. Do you have a follow-on, Chris?
Christopher Danely  J.P. Morgan: Actually, if you guys could finish the comment on the lead times and then Ill ask a follow-on -- the question on lead times. 
Ron Slaymaker: So your question is do we expect to have lead times pulled back in by the end of third quarter and thats really a demand question. I mean, we are doing what we can to get on top of it and get our supply matched to in-demand but again, thats always a moving target in terms of what in-demand is doing. So other than to say we are going to try to do it as quickly as possible, I dont have a projection for you as to when we expect to have that accomplished. Okay, would you -- lets move on to your follow-up now. 
Christopher Danely  J.P. Morgan: Sure, and then just on demand, I mean, if you guys could give us your perspective, do you see it broadly speaking getting better out there? Is it fairly stable? Id just appreciate your thoughts.
Ron Slaymaker: On in-demand?
Christopher Danely  J.P. Morgan: Yes. 
Ron Slaymaker: I think we recognize, first of all, that the general macro environment is weak and continues weak. You know, the one thing I would say on in-demand is we dont know because we are not feeling it yet. Our growth is -- you know, were kind of feeling the vacuum of our customers lowering their rate of reduction of inventory and so we are still not at their shipment levels, were not at in-demand level. Our growth is coming off of that inventory correction so we dont have any direct visibility into what in-demand is doing and certainly not any better visibility than what you guys would have through your own various ties into the market.  Kevin, do you have anything to add?
Kevin P. March: No, I think you were pretty comprehensive. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Chris. Thank you for your questions.
Operator: Well take our next question from Tim Luke with Barclays Capital. 
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: Just with respect, Kevin, to the linearity that youve seen in the quarter -- things, it sounded like they continued to firm as you went through June and maybe you could comment on whether youd seen that continue into July and as an extension of that, as youve begun to see the environment stabilize, in your words, I think, maybe you could give us your sense of -- or just remind us how we should perceive seasonality as you move into the fourth calendar quarter and what some of the puts and takes may be there. 
Kevin P. March: Okay, on linearity we saw as orders came in, new orders came in, they were fairly strong in the first part of second quarter, [inaudible] a bit as we went through the quarter and had re-strengthened coming into this quarter. From a revenue standpoint, they were fairly normal across the months of the quarter, so nothing unusual or noteworthy there. This is a fairly steady increase through the quarter but nothing out of the ordinary.  I mentioned earlier that normal seasonality for us would be to see about a 5% quarter over quarter growth in the third quarter to our revenue. Thats the five-year average, with a lot of variability about that, I might add.  And that same five-year average seasonality would be to see our revenues decline by about 5% in the fourth quarter. Right now, were not forecasting the fourth quarter but I would kind of point back again to a comment I made a few minutes ago that its a little bit different this year in that a year ago, coming out of third quarter going into fourth, we had unemployment levels in this country 5% or 6% -- now were talking 9% or 10%. One would have to guess that thats going to have some effect on total demand through the economy. If nothing else, just keeping any recovery off of the bottom pretty modest from a growth standpoint and thats quite frankly how we have tried to align the cost structure of the company to be ready in case we are faced with an environment like that. 
Ron Slaymaker: Tim, let me just offer, as I always do, the range on TI's fourth quarter growth for the last five years has been minus 26% to flat, so Ill let you figure out how much you want to weight that average number.  Okay, Tim, do you have a follow-on?
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: The follow-on would be just to clarify what you said about the linearity -- I think you said that July saw a resurgence of strength or restart of stronger orders. And then my question would be just with respect to the tax rate now going lower to 27, thats what we should use next year as well, is it?
Kevin P. March: On the linearity, you are correct on what I said -- that is, that we are seeing orders strengthen back up again as we come into July.  On the tax rate, our estimate right now is 27% for this year and I would recommend that you not necessarily assume 27% next year -- that you do what we do, that is take what your outlook is for our incremental profit, tax it at the U.S. tax rate of 35%, and let that tax fall through to a new computed rate. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, thank you for your questions, Tim. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Mark Lipacis with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: Thank you for taking my question. Ron and Kevin, Im still trying to reconcile the 18% sequential revenue growth with the comment that you were lowering inventories in the channel. Is the answer that your direct business to OEMs, that perhaps they are doing at least a partial restock or you are seeing potentially a restock at the retail base? Thanks. 
Ron Slaymaker: Let me just take a piece of it, which will be distribution and Kevin, maybe if you have -- you can think about anything I might miss. First of all, distribution resales, sales out of the channel, grew at about the same rate as our revenue did overall, so that would be one piece of it. Yet because they were growing, they were reducing inventory last quarter and that reduction this quarter was significantly less, even with 10% reduction in inventory, that was significantly less than what it was last quarter, we felt an acceleration or an additional lift demand from the distributors that was well in excess of the rate at which resales were occurring. So the -- its just the math of you start off in TI's case of shipments going out of channels at 15%. If inventory was in equilibrium, we would have been shipping in at 15%. Our growth would have been 15% likely as well. But because we were coming off of an inventory correction, our growth into the channel was in excess of the rate at which they were selling out.  So again, its just a case of if you run through the math of what happens, its not just a matter of how our growth compared to distributors or how our growth compared to the various OEMs -- you have to look at the different starting point of whether in the point at which you are measuring growth from was inventory being reduced or was it being grown? In this case, since it was being reduced, we will get a significant up-lift as they bring their inventory into balance versus just what their own growth rate would be.  Do you have anything to add, Kevin?
Kevin P. March: Yeah, it is a hard topic to explain. I think -- 
Ron Slaymaker: We need a chalkboard. 
Kevin P. March: If we keep in mind that in the fourth quarter and first quarter, TI's revenues arguably dropped faster than our customers, thats really because our customers just stopped ordering material while they drained their own inventory. Once they got that inventory close to where they wanted it, now they start turning orders back on for us so that what we are shipping in is close to what they are shipping out. We believe we are getting close to that point. That has the effect of causing our revenue to grow quite a bit because we are coming off of a deflated period, if you will, when they had ceased orders on us and now we are coming back into, during this quarter, we believe, into alignment where what we are shipping into them is much more reflective of we believe that they are consuming and shipping directly out to their customers. 
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Mark?
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: Yes, please -- historically you guys have run a pretty conservative balance sheet. Whats the -- would you consider taking on debt to buy back stock? And whats the argument against doing something like that, especially since your capital requirements are declining? Thanks. 
Kevin P. March: Mark, we like our balance sheet the way it is, without debt. Were not sure that taking on debt to buy back stock necessarily is in the best interest of our strategic growth, although it may have some short-term impact potentially on EPS. We think its best to protect our balance sheet and use it for purposes where we can really leverage our strategic growth and thats what we -- youve seen us do and youll probably continue to see us behave in that fashion. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, thanks for your questions, Mark and Operator, I think we have time for one more caller. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. Well take that final question from Craig Ellis with Caris & Company. 
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Thanks for sneaking me in, guys. Ron, can you provide some clarification on the outlook, specifically with the midpoint at 8%, do you expect all of your segments to grow and specifically, do you expect baseband to be up in the third quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: Craig, we really dont provide the breakout of our outlook by various segments and various product groups, so I probably just need to leave it at that and even -- I wouldnt mind typically talking about seasonal patterns historically but we all know theres more moving in the wireless space, specifically with basebands, than just seasonal patterns, so Ill probably even avoid that.  Do you have a follow-on?
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Yeah, can you provide a little bit more color in terms of what you saw in the second quarter in high performance analog, Ron? And just comment specifically on what you are seeing in the industrial end market within that business?
Ron Slaymaker: Industrial and -- you know, this applies to high performance analog but Ill also say it just as a general matter of course, we are not seeing much life at all out of industrial and even if you look at I think some of our opening comments, if you look at the geographies where we are seeing strength and where we are not seeing strength, weakness continues to prevail in the U.S. market and in the European market and both of those are heavily, you know, in terms of shipments that we actually incur in those markets, they are heavily industrial influence so again, we really havent seen growth there at all.  I think if you look at high performance analog, you know, I dont know that I can give you -- you know, its just kind of the nature of high performance analog. It goes across so many different markets and geographies that its difficult to point specifically at what was driving growth beside some of the general comments that Ive made. You know, what I can say is that as we continue to grow high performance analog, as we continue to grow power, youve seen those shift up in terms of the mix, so for example, this first half we now have power at about 30% of our analog revenue, high performance analog is at that similar level, at about 30% and HVAL is about 40. If you look at a year ago, power would have been 25%, HPA would have been 30 and HVAL would have been more, about 45.  So again, I know I didnt give you specific drivers of our high performance analog growth in the near term but at least my peace offering of giving you some of that breakout might help a bit.  So Craig, thank you for your questions and with this, were going to wrap up. Thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening. 
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. We do thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-20 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker  Director, Investor Relations Kevin March  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Doug Freedman  Broadpoint David Wong  Wachovia Craig Burger  Fbr Capital Markets Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company Tore Svanburg  Thomas Weisel Partners Christopher Danely  J.P. Morgan Daniel Berenbaum  Auriga USA Steven Smigie  Raymond James Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Glen Yeung  Citigroup David Wu  Global Crown Capital Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird John Pitzer  Credit Suisse Sumit Dhanda  Bank of America, Merrill Lynch Cody Acree  Stifel Nicholaus Tim Luke  Barclays Capital James Covello  Goldman Sachs [Alex Guana  JMP Securities] Adam Benjamin  Jefferies & Co.
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Slaymaker, you may begin your conference.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our first quarter conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at TI.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. The replay will be available to the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Our mid quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for June 8. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. In today's call, we'll address key questions such as what drove the upside on revenue and EPS from our mid quarter guidance and does this upside indicate that we are now in a cyclical upturn. We'll also update you on the progress of our actions to reduce inventory and costs at TI. Business in the quarter did in fact exceed our expectations. Revenue of $2.09 billion in the quarter was above our guidance as was the penny of earnings. You'll recall that in the mid quarter update we raised the middle of our guidance range and referenced that 3G communications infrastructure in China was the most notable area of better than expected strength. In the last few weeks of the quarter, in addition to bay stations we also better than expected demand from notebook computers, some areas of the hand set market as well as from LCD based HDTV's. Regionally, most of the strength is coming from Asia while the other regions remain subdued. Therefore we wouldn't characterize this stronger demand as broad based, as it was concentrated in a few high volume end markets in the Asian region. Nonetheless, it is encouraging to see our revenues stabilizing, albeit at what remains a low level. We also caution that the stabilization is likely being driven by customers that are slowing their inventory reduction and not by broad based increased in end consumption or by customers rebuilding inventory. Let me explain. Over the last few quarters, we saw a dramatic drop in demand for our chips because customers slowed their production and began to reduce the chip inventory they had in stock. Now that they're realigned their own production with a lower level of consumer end demand and reduced their existing chip inventory, order trends for our chips have started to improve. This leads us to believe that the worst of the inventory drain is now finished, and our shipments will more closely reflect our customer's production levels. However, the most important determinant of our business levels in the second half of this year will be the real end consumption trends. From our perspective there remain significant uncertainty about the direction of end consumption. As a result, we are careful not to misread the completion of inventory reduction as a return to higher end demand. Our approach is that we will keep our operations highly flexible to respond to whatever direction demand will track, while remaining highly diligent to inventory and cost. Our execution in the quarter was solid. Most notably, we reduced our own inventory by $277 million in the quarter and worked with our distributors to reduce inventory in our channels by $132 million, and we achieved this despite the headwind of a $405 million sequential decline in revenue. At this point we have essentially completed our inventory reductions and have begun to increase loadings in our factories again. As a result, we expect utilization to increase in the current quarter from the record low mid 30's first quarter level. Over the past couple of quarters, we disclosed factory utilization levels to help you understand the decline in our profitability. As our inventory correction has now wound down, factory utilization will begin to more closely track our revenue trend and we will stop detailing this going forward. Another execution highlight is that we are achieving our cost reductions ahead of schedule and as a result are seeing these deliver savings earlier than we had planned. Kevin will provide more of these details in a few minutes. Importantly, with these actions now largely behind us, our employees are moving forward to execute on our strategies for growth in analog and embedded processing. Also, we now have a higher proportion of our resources focused on these areas than we did previously. Moving early and aggressively to realign our operations with the realities of the economic environment, has allowed us to get these issues behind us while also accelerating our transition into an analog and embedded processing company. Let me make just a few brief additional comments about our revenue in the quarter. TI revenue of $2.09 billion declined 36% from a year ago and 16% sequentially. The decline was broad based with our analog, wireless and other segments all tightly clustered in a decline of 35% to 40% from a year ago. Our embedded processing segment fared a little better with a decline of 26% from a year ago due to relative strength in communications infrastructure revenue which was up. The details of revenue performance for each segment are included in the release. At this point, I'll ask Kevin to review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks Ron and good afternoon everyone. As Ron said, we reduced TI inventory by $277 million in the first quarter. Over the past three quarters we have reduced our internal inventory by more than $550 million and have worked with distributors to reduce almost $.25 billion of inventory out of our channels. At the same time, our revenue was down 38% over that period. The combination of low customer demand and our aggressive inventory reduction resulted in our factory utilization declining to a record low level in the first quarter. We discussed previously that we were challenging ourselves to remain profitable in the quarter while also committing that we would not trade off our future financial performance to achieve that short term goal. Due to the determined efforts of many TI employees around the world, we were able to remain profitable while also completing our own inventory correction and realigning the company's costs in what will likely be a sustained weaker economic environment. The combination of lower revenue and manufacturing costs that were expenses in the quarter due to under utilization of assets resulted in lower gross profit. Gross profit of $806 million declined by $950 million from a year ago and $291 million from the fourth quarter. Gross margin was 38.6% of revenue in the quarter. Although this is well below our 55% long term goal, it was a reasonable level considering the low level of factory utilization in the quarter. In fact, as factory utilization increases in the second quarter, we expect a corresponding increase in our gross profit and gross margin. We reduced operating expenses in the quarter by $258 million or 27% from a year ago and by $101 million or 13% sequentially. Both R&D and SG&A expenses were reduced. Restructuring charges in the first quarter were $105 million for 5% of revenue. The distribution of these charges across our segments is included in our earnings release. You will recall at the mid quarter update, we expected restructuring charges of $80 million. The difference is primarily due to actions being executed ahead of schedule. As a result, operating profit for the quarter was $10 million. Excluding the restructuring charges, operating profit was $115 million or 5.5% of revenue. We had a $5 million discrete tax benefit that resulted in a $2 million net credit for our tax provision in the quarter.  Net income was $17 million or $0.01 per share. Excluding the restructuring charges, net income was $85 million or $0.07 per share. I'll leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release, however, let me make just a few comments. Cash flow from operations decreased to $251 million in the quarter. Much of the decline from last quarter was associated with the increase in receivables that resulted from strengthening of business late in the first quarter as compared with the deteriorating conditions late in the fourth quarter. We continue to constrain capital expenditures, spending just $43 million in the quarter. We used $101 million in the quarter to repurchase 6.6 million shares of TI common stock and paid dividends of $141 million in the quarter. We ended the quarter with $2.43 billion of cash and short term investments. Our balance sheet continues to remain strong. The reduction in inventory that we achieved resulted in inventory days declining to 77 at the end of the quarter compared with 94 days at the end of the year ago quarter and 89 days at the end of the fourth quarter. TI orders in the quarter were $2.19 billion, up 18% sequentially. After a five month slide, product orders bottomed in the month of December and increased each month through the first quarter. TI book to bill increased to 1.05 in the quarter from .75 in the prior quarter. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $1.95 billion to $2.40 billion in the second quarter. You will note this is a decline of about 7% to a growth of about 15%. Our range continues to be wider than normal, reflecting the potential for upside and downside that continues to exist. This outlook included about $60 million of seasonally higher calculated revenue. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.01 to $0.15. This EPS estimate includes $0.05 per share negative impact resulting from about $100 million of expected restructuring charges. For 2009 our estimate for R&D capital expenditures, depreciation and the annual effective tax rate are unchanged and are described in the release. In summary, we are encouraged by the stabilization in our revenue although we remain cautious about the overall weak economic environment. We're pleased with the progress we made in reducing inventory and costs and are confident that our early and aggressive actions in these fronts will serve us well. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Operator, you can now open the lines up for question. In order to provide as many as possible an opportunity to ask their questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up.
Operator: Your first question comes from Doug Freedman  Broadpoint.
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint: You talked about where we are in the cycle. Could you go into a little bit more detail on what you are looking for that would enable you to think that we are at the beginning of a new semi conductor swing.
Kevin March: I would just comment as Ron pointed out, what we saw was just one region, primarily Asia and just a couple of large verticals, primarily the comps infrastructure, notebooks and some handsets, and LCD TV's picking up a little bit late in the quarter. We did not see it importantly, in other regions around the world and we did not see it in the industrial or consumer sectors. So until we see demand pick up in other regions as well as in other sectors, we don't believe that we're looking at something that suggests there's an overall increase in demand to be anticipated. Right now it feels more to us like our demand is lining up our orders to our customers lining up to their end demand which is a lower overall level than it has been for quite some time.
Ron Slaymaker: I would just add also Doug, as call it the end of the inventory correction moves out of that one region and other end markets, that is still phase one which is just getting through the inventory correction. We'll also look at more on a macro level for signs that end demand is picking up and economies are stabilizing as opposed to just what a near term effect of an inventory correction coming to an end.
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint: Great job on the cost savings. Kevin, do you care to offer us a new target of how much ultimately you're going to save? Is this faster than your $700 million cost savings or are you going to ultimately going to save more than the $700 million, if you could offer some implicit absolute total OpEx that you expect to crop out and when?
Kevin March: We're not providing the cost savings outlook just yet. What we really had was an acceleration versus our prior plan and for the rest of the folks listening, you may recall that we had characterized and expected $700 million annualized cost savings by the end of the year and that split was going to be about 20% in cost of revenue, about 50% in R&D and 30% in SG&A. We pulled a fair amount of that forward into the first quarter. The target will still be the same. It will probably be incrementally just a little bit smaller over the next couple of quarters with about a total run rate occurring in the fourth quarter actuals.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wong  Wachovia.
David Wong  Wachovia: With your current level of capital spending, can you give us some idea of how your total capacity will be changing over the next few quarters in analog and in digital? 
Kevin March: Our CapEx for the quarter just came in at quite a low level of $43 million and clearly with our overall factory utilization in the mid 30's, our need for capital is going to be quite a bit constrained versus what we've had in recent years. I'd also remind everybody that in the last year, we've been building a new factory in the Philippines which was part of what actually had our CapEx at the level it was at last year. That's now largely behind us as we begin to quality that factory. Going forward, we anticipate for this year that we would spend upwards of $300 million on capital for the year, and principally that's going to be going into our back end or the assembly test sites, namely that new assembly test site I just mentioned a moment ago. I would also just mention that in this environment we would not be adverse to taking advantage should we find certain equipment become available as other manufacturers decide to sell equipment. That's certainly an attractive alternative to us so we will not artificially bound ourselves by that CapEx number I just mentioned if an opportunity should come up that would give us capacity at extremely low values.
Ron Slaymaker: Think of it probably in terms of maintenance level spending plus targeted new capabilities. For example, the Philippines assembly test site will have a wafer chip scale packaging capability that brings in some new technology capabilities for TI to service our customers, but not broad based capacity increased.
David Wong  Wachovia: Just a clarification of that comment. So what you're saying, your wafer manufacturing capacity does pretty much flat over the next quarter, neither up nor down, is that correct?
Kevin March: Our utilization is very low so there's not much need there. There might be certain bottleneck needs as we bring in certain new production lines, but by and large, most of the expense is going to be on the assembly test side of the house.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Burger  Fbr Capital Markets.
Craig Burger  Fbr Capital Markets: What do you expect utilizations to rise to in the second quarter and how should we be thinking about the increase in gross margins for Q2?
Kevin March: We're not providing a specific level for our expectations. I think as we indicated in our prepared remarks, certainly as our inventory adjustments basically are now behind us, our utilization will move up accordingly in the second quarter and of course along with higher utilization, gross profit and gross margin will trend positively as well. But again, we're not providing that specific targeted level. And in fact, it very well may flex as we move through the quarter depending upon how we see development of demand for third quarter and what that might necessitate in terms of inventory adjustments as well?
Operator: Your next question comes from Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company.
Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company: I was wondering if you could talk about the guidance. It sounds like you said the first quarter recovery especially in the month of March was really from Asia and a couple of the end markets. Any outlook when you think U.S. and European demand will recover or is that still fairly uncertain?
Kevin March: I think you answered the question well there. I think it's fairly uncertain at this time. Look at all the macro indicators; it's not clear when we'll see a recovery on that front so we have prepared ourselves for what would be a sustained weaker economy than what we've seen for a number of years now.
Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company: But it does sound like some of the lift in March was really the end of the inventory correction in Asia and the specific end markets, but it sounds like you still feel we have that end of the inventory correction ahead of us in Europe and the U.S.?
Kevin March: I think to maybe answer that a little differently, we probably get around 60% of our revenues out of the Asia region and so it's pretty important to us when we see the inventory correction there. As to the other regions, our sense is that the inventory correction is largely done for our material so we don't expect to see much more adjustment on that front from our customers. The real key is are there pockets that need to be replenished at their levels as they try to meet their end demand levels, the lower expected end demand levels.
Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company: The inventory, you talked about you think you're at the end of the inventory reduction efforts, should we sort of read that that you're looking to try to keep your inventory levels now roughly flattish or do you think you may actually see inventory on your balance sheets grow in the June quarter?
Kevin March: That's going to be really a function of where our revenue lines up. Our inventory is really destined for what we think our revenue expectations are going to be and you note that our guidance is actually quite wide. So if we come in at the lower level of that inventory, that revenue range, then our inventory levels are apt to be a little higher than perhaps what the mid points would suggest. If we come in at the upper end, it would probably cause us to drain inventory again.
Ron Slaymaker: And certainly it's not only inventory in the second quarter, I'm sorry, revenue in the second quarter. It's also our outlook for the third quarter that will drive our inventory moves as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Burger  Fbr Capital Markets.
Craig Burger  Fbr Capital Markets: Can you comment on whether you're seeing any lead time increases yet for any products and also what you're seeing in pricing in analog?
Kevin March: Lead time and pricing I would say in both cases are stable and even in, I think we made the comment at the mid quarter update and it remains unchanged, even some of the commodity area pricing is stable. And that's not necessarily what you would expect, but it is the case. So analog overall pricing in fact, I'll make the statement broader probably for our business overall even beyond analog, I'm not aware of any significant pricing anomalies or trends. With respect to lead time, I'd say the same thing. Lead times tend to be relatively short. Customers are able to place demand on us with not a lot of long term visibility but that's the nature of where we are in this cycle and it's a good thing because we don't have customers trying to, in a market where they have minimal visibility for their own product demand, they don't have to get out ahead of that visibility with placing orders on us. So again, lead time is short and stable, and then pricing is also stable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tore Svanburg  Thomas Weisel Partners.
Tore Svanburg  Thomas Weisel Partners: Could you talk a little bit about your distribution channel at this point, where you are in inventories? Do you feel like you're now matching real consumption or are you maybe still under shipping what true demand is?
Kevin March: Let me just make a couple of comments in terms of what we saw in the first quarter. As we noted before that we continue to work with distributors to reduce end channel inventory in the first quarter. Think of it along the lines of sell out or resale decline. But of course our sales into the channel were well below that resulting in the inventory reduction that we referenced was $132 million. So inventory levels, we're just over eight weeks in the first quarter. And that's about the range where they've historically run. I would say generally eight to nine weeks so where they finished first quarter was probably at the low end of that range. I'm not aware of their specific plans for second quarter that we would want to be trying to communicate at this point, so we'll just have to move into the quarter and see how distributors are feeling about their demand before we have visibility to provide you on their inventory trends in the quarter.
Tore Svanburg  Thomas Weisel Partners: What are the variables on your wide guidance? Is it just simply turns business or is it something else?
Kevin March: I guess turns business from the perspective of, and I'll put in that same category a lot of the revenue that we do with consignment customers where there's a fair amount of variability and flexibility that they're provided on exactly when they take the product that's in those consignment hubs. But generally how the inventory correction plays out followed by do we see any changes in end demand and how all that plays to us in terms of turns business in the quarter. You'll notice from the book to bill clearly we had backlog increase through first quarter, but that was also off of a very low level coming into the first quarter so visibility increased somewhat coming into the quarter, but we would characterize it as still at historically low levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Danely  J.P. Morgan.
Christopher Danely  J.P. Morgan: Can you talk about why wireless is a little stronger than expected during the quarter? Do you think that that's end demand or share gains or maybe the fall in wireless revenues isn't as rapid as you thought?
Kevin March: I would characterize it as simply that some of our customers in that space moved pretty aggressively on getting their inventory corrected and came out of it a little faster. So that inventory correction began pretty aggressively in the fourth quarter and so I would just characterize it as a consideration of timing for when those customers got through their inventory correction.
Christopher Danely  J.P. Morgan: Looking at the rest of the year, how do you expect the wireless business and wireless profitability to trend throughout the rest of the year?
Ron Slaymaker: I think to try to provide quarter by quarter guidance on wireless is more than what we're prepared to do.
Christopher Danely  J.P. Morgan: Just roughly or relatively for the year versus quarterly.
Ron Slaymaker: I'll try to move maybe a little bit longer term. We've clearly talked about our investment in base band or in the process of winding down. That revenue, we would expect basically to wind down over the next I guess three to four years, basically by the end of 2012 we would expect that revenue to be wound down. So quarter by quarter, it likely is going to have some bumps in it, but a general trend from where we are today, that revenue will decline until the end of 2012 would be our best estimate at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Berenbaum  Auriga USA.
Daniel Berenbaum  Auriga USA: Maybe a little bit related to that, when you talk about your revenue perhaps matching demand a little bit more closely, do you think we're going to see roughly historically seasonal patterns for TI if not patterns, perhaps seasonal magnitude. And then the follow up on that would be specifically in the embedded processing business which maybe performed a little bit better because of China 3G, would we expect to see seasonal patterns there a little bit less because you saw China 3G or a little bit more because you continue to gain share?
Ron Slaymaker: I'll start and Kevin may have something to add on. I would say in general, other than our calculator business which has a very specific seasonality with that revenue increase in second quarter. As Kevin said, I think we have built into our guidance a $60 million sequential increase second quarter, stays strong, potentially even get stronger in third quarter and then decline again in fourth. Beyond that, I don't think we want to try to go out on a limb, or at least I don't. I'll leave that for Kevin. On any kind of seasonal patterns just because there are too many other forces that are potentially stronger than seasonality as we move through the year. Second quarter as we've said, we're actually just highly encouraged to see revenue stabilize as we get through the inventory correction that our customers have been moving through for the last couple of quarters. Once we move into the second half, as we indicated in our prepared remarks, it really is just going to depend upon what end consumption does. If the economic forces that are there at a global level start to show some signs of stabilization and that opens up for more seasonal patterns associated with the holidays that would be great news. But as we described we would just say those end consumption trends to us remain highly uncertain. So that's probably all I would say.
Kevin March: I think the only thing I'd add, just if you look at the last five years or so of history for us, there has been a seasonality in our semi conductor revenue where it's typically up about 5% in the second quarter, but clearly we are not in a time right now that compares to anything in the past five years of history. That's more a point of reference as opposed to a guidepost to the future.
Daniel Berenbaum  Auriga USA: Just more specifically on the embedded processing, should I, and maybe it's not really relevant given your answer to the first question, but should I expect or can you comment on what that boost gave you, that one time, does that trail off?
Ron Slaymaker: I guess we have some questions on that because clearly some of the strength that we saw driving growth there in the first quarter likely had to do with customers in that space, and this is probably the only space we would identify where you probably had customers building inventory. Otherwise we would say customers outside of that space were generally just stopping the end of correction or reducing the correction and not actually moving to the point of building inventory. But I think due to the strength of some of that China 3G infrastructure demand, we saw customers that were associated with that actually putting inventory in place getting ready for shipments through the rest of the year. So we like what we saw in first quarter. It's a natural positioning that will take place, but we're not sure at this point that we would see that same level of strength continue through the course of the year. In any case, we're fully confident that TI has a great position in those systems and we'll participate in whatever demand is ultimately there. But again, the specific pattern is a little bit difficult.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Smigie  Raymond James.
Steven Smigie  Raymond James: Can you talk a little bit about your expectations for analog revenue in the second quarter in terms of high volume versus power versus high performance analog?
Ron Slaymaker: We don't break out guidance down into the various sub pieces. The only real product level guidance we want to provide is just a reminder of seasonality on calculators, but beyond that we don't break it down below the top level.
Steven Smigie  Raymond James: You took some charges and analog this quarter I think was the highest charge if I remember correctly. Can you talk a little bit about what was changed with those charges, what stuff was kept and what was deemed less important? 
Kevin March: Those charges were a completion of some of the charges we announced actually in the first quarter. Actually if you go back and look at the last couple of quarter, the bigger charges in the fourth quarter were in wireless and that was attributable to the announcement we made in October about restructure actions we were doing there as a result of our de-emphasis on digital base band space. And then in first quarter with our announcement there of a restructuring for the company of a voluntary retirement program and some involuntary departures, the rest of those charges have flowed through, more of those charges have flowed through into first quarter. And frankly, some of those charges are a function of the regions in which we operate, but we have to take them as we identify people in the regions, and this just happened to be the timing of how the charges for analog worked out this quarter that in some of the regions that sign up as higher for them than other areas.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: On the revenue guidance with the $60 million of incremental calculator business, what's the reason why you're expecting the semi conductor business to be flat to very slight up given the booking strength and your inventory burn off being completed commentary?
Ron Slaymaker: A couple of points I would make there and keep in mind we have a pretty wide range so I figure you're focused on the mid one of that range. But again, as we indicated there is both upside and downside potential for that. But the other consideration is if you just look at some of the pieces, for example 18% increase in orders, remember that orders in fourth quarter were down by over 40% sequentially, so again that 18% increase is off a very weak compare in fourth quarter. Also, book to bill in the quarter that Kevin mentioned of 1.05, you probably have, let me just say a little bit of help on that from associated with seasonal calculator orders in preparation for that back to school string. So you put it all together, and again allowing that what we're seeing or what we believe we're seeing is end of inventory correction as opposed to clear signs of end consumption gains. We put it together in the guidance that we put in front of you is our best estimate of what we believe will happen.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: On the OpEx and more specifically on the restructuring charges with it, when you gave the total amount of charges you expected to take, you gave a remainder for the second and third quarter on how much that would total to. Does the fact that the second quarter restructuring charge, and for that matter the first quarter being larger than your prior guidance, does that take away from what the charges may be further out and so the third quarter charge might be closer to zero?
Kevin March: That's a good question. We're going to be providing some more color on that later in the quarter, perhaps in the mid quarter update. We actually have a large activity underway in one of our non U.S. subsidiaries and we'll know more about how that shapes up this quarter. We know enough now that we can give you the estimate that we've given to you. I would anticipate there would be some trailing off in the second half of the year but it's premature for me to be able to quantify that for you just yet until we get the final sign in the subsidiaries.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glen Yeung  Citigroup.
Glen Yeung  Citigroup: When you talked about the end of the first quarter you mentioned wireless infrastructure, some end markets getting better, but when you look into the second quarter, which end markets do you feel most confident can grow and where you do you see some risk from an end market perspective?
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know that we have a lot to say there. Again, we'll probably see, I don't think we anticipate seeing any of those where we were seeing some strength start to move into place. We don't necessarily expect to see those fall off, but as Kevin said, our real question what we're watching, not what we're projecting, but what we're watching will be when do we see some of the other regions start to strengthen and maybe areas like industrial that would represent a much broader view of the economy start to strengthen as well. We not seeing that, but those are the data points that we're watching.
Glen Yeung  Citigroup: In your comments, you're quite careful to say that you're not seeing restocking of inventory, just a deceleration or decline in the rate of inventory reduction. I wondered if you can just clarify that point. I just want to make sure what I heard was right. And then maybe address the idea of whether or not you're still seeing destocking in some of those regions you're looking for growth so in Europe or the U.S. or industrial or the consumer.
Ron Slaymaker: I'll give it a stab here. I think it's difficult. Not all customers are going to move at the same pace and as we said already, we have a lot of variance in different regions so it's difficult for us to say at this point whether we think it's totally behind us. We certainly believe the worst of that correction is behind us, but do you still have some of it going on, you very well could. You're right. We're not saying there is a restocking process going on, if by use of that word you mean customers starting to build inventory levels again. I think what customers generally are doing, they're just like TI. They've basically gone through the worst part of them correcting their own inventory to the realities of a lower level of consumption. They have that behind them and for the most part they're now stabilizing their inventories at targeted levels. So they're replenishing only to the extent they're pulling TI product out to go put it in finished goods. They're replenishing that inventory but they're not building their chip level inventory. So hopefully that helps as opposed to further confuses.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wu  Global Crown Capital.
David Wu  Global Crown Capital: I have a question around costs. Should I assume based on the schedule of cost reduction that all the economies from the cost reduction would actually be achieved in the September quarter as opposed to the December quarter. Then I was wondering since your capital spending is down to $300 million this year, whether there's going to be a big drop in depreciation from the $900 million you are booking for calendar '09 and calendar 2010?
Kevin March: On the cost front, most of the activity that remains now for us is in our non U.S. subsidiaries and based on the labor laws and some of the other elements that occur in those countries, we don't expect the timing of that cost to adjust much more from what we've already talked about. In other words, you asked would we see the full benefit in the third quarter rather than the fourth quarter and I would suggest for your model purposes you can keep it as you had and that is expected in the fourth quarter. On the CapEx and depreciation front, you are exactly right. With those kind of spending levels, we should see depreciation begin to work its way down. We don't have a forecast just yet, but I would just point out that if you look at our depreciation over the last 12 months, it's worked out to just a little bit less than 9% of revenue. If you look at our CapEx over the last 12 months, it's worked out to about 5% of revenue. So be definition that's going to suggest our depreciation will begin to tail down on those lower level capital expenditures. But I'd just remind everybody that we generally depreciate our equipment on a five year straight line basis so you can do the math for your models and figure that out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird: If we look at the revenues you had last year in wireless, specifically one customer which I think was around $400 million, your analog revenues declined year over year was almost the same as in wireless where you lost market share. Is this because the [inaudible] in Q1 which had an impact on year over year comp in analog as opposed to share loss, and as such should we expect analog to be down more than wireless in Q2?
Ron Slaymaker: I won't give a forecast on Q2, but I believe your analysis is correct. In fact our analog revenue was down about 36% year over year while our wireless was down about 40% year over year. But in fact, you may recall from our earlier comments that we substantially reduced our inventory not only internally but also in our channel, our distribution channel. A significant portion of the analog revenue does go through the distribution channel, so what you're really seeing is the effect of that adjustment in their channel as opposed to any similar customer changes you're seeing over wireless.
Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird: Could you give us a sense of the amount of revenues in merchant base that you generated in the quarter and which you said was winding down in 2012?
Ron Slaymaker: You used the term merchant based. Let me just broaden that to total base band. So it will be custom based band and merchant and that was reference I was making to the revenue that would decline in 2012, by the end of 2012. And if you look at it, last year as a total, about 75% of our wireless revenue was base band and it was approximately that same level in first quarter so that should give you something to work with there.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer  Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: I know there's a lot of different ways to look at the inventory cycle, when I look at the mid point of your June guidance, you're down about 35% year over year and I'm hard pressed to find any of the end markets that are down that much, so why isn't June considered another quarter where you're shipping below consumption and hence there should be catch up sometime in the second half of the year?
Ron Slaymaker: Again, we don't have perfect visibility into this but we're giving the best estimate that we can. We've seen stabilization which is a good sign. We're seeing stabilization of that inventory correction and therefore their demands on TI in what is arguably still a weakening overall economic environment and so when you talk about inventory correction being complete, that's based upon certain assumptions of what end demand will look like. If end demand starts to increase, then more inventory is necessary to support it. If end demand falls then even less inventory is required. But in general, what we believe is happening is there's a convergence between those end demand trends, our customers production levels and our customers inventory levels in terms of component levels of TI products and we're calling it the best we can at this point.
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: From a question earlier that you don't think base band will mute the cyclical recovery. I'm kind of curious when you look at some of the initiative you've had in HVA over the last six to nine months, any expectation that actually market share gain might actually accelerate your growth off the bottom and when can we see that?
Ron Slaymaker: You're saying specific to base band?
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: Earlier it sounded like base band revenue and the disinvestment there isn't going to hurt growth off the bottom. i.e., you talked about phasing out the revenue in 2012. I'm kin of curious when you look at some of the initiatives you have in HVA around share gains whether or not we're starting to see the evidence of that and that might actually help you grow faster than the industry off the bottom.
Ron Slaymaker: I see what you're saying. So just to be clear, the base band revenue will decline year by year until by the end of 2012 we would essentially, that would be gone. You are correct that we do have in our high volume analog group we have programs that are targeted and addressing hand set opportunities that we for over a year now I think have been describing that we expect the second half '09 to represent a period when those programs would be ramped into production. We've also described that was a, probably since '04 a pressure on that part of our analog group in terms of revenue in that we've seen declining revenues for that period. So again, high volume analog, wireless revenue is in the process of bottoming, and then in fact we're in the early stages of production today on some of those new programs and we should start to feel it more in terms of second half ramp for those programs. So absolutely no change to the expectations we previously described. Those programs are being executed and executed well and we still expect them to be ramped into production. And again, it's not one program, but we will see initial programs ramping into production second half of this year and then continuing into 2010 in terms of other programs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sumit Dhanda  Bank of America, Merrill Lynch.
Sumit Dhanda  Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: First a clarification, you noted the four areas where you saw some improvement, LTD, notebooks, infrastructure and enhancement to some extend but if you look at the magnitude of the $200 million versus your initial projections back in January, it seems like it must have been driven at least in dollar terms by the other segments, so I was hoping you could provide some more clarification on that.
Ron Slaymaker: I think you can, again, we're talking beat here. But your point is the variance to the forecast as opposed to absolute dollars. Clearly handsets were part of it, but we have a lot of analog products that get sold into different pieces of the computer market. Whether those are power management products going into notebooks, whether they're products that go into hard disc drives, I do not want to minimize the importance of that market to TI and what we saw in the quarter. I would say handsets and notebooks were probably more significant to us than for example the television market. We did see some strength just as you pointed out due to the size of that business relatively, but again, I would say most of the emphasis would be on notebooks as well as handsets in terms of driving the upside to our expectations.
Sumit Dhanda  Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: On the gross margins on the reported quarter Q1, any reason you didn't do a little better? Was it just despite the revenue upside it was offset by a bigger drain in inventory than you were initially targeting?
Ron Slaymaker: It was exactly that. It was a stronger drain in inventory than even our best plans had us at.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cody Acree  Stifel Nicholaus.
Cody Acree  Stifel Nicholaus: You said 60% of revenue into Asia. Of course that's more than a manufacturing discussion where things are ending up, but how much of this stabilization in this one area versus a global improvement has to do with some of the stimulus that's happening in that market, or is it simply that the manufacturing of much of this electronics is happening is Asia, and therefore that business is finding an end consumption match?
Kevin March: It's a really good question and the information that we get from our sales force in the region indicates that in fact the stimulus in China is probably having some impact on that demand, especially on the LCD TV front. We specifically heard on that front that consumers in China are responding to some of the incentives that the Chinese government is trying to offer to stimulate their economy. And then coincident with that has been the fact that the Chinese initiatives licenses which is for infrastructure build out which is also benefited us. So certainly a portion of that is attributable to that stimulus. I can't actually quantify for you how much but it's safe to say without that stimulus, we probably would have had less of an upside than we did.
Cody Acree  Stifel Nicholaus: The discussion of wireless merchant or base band versus app, can either one of you give any color as to this uptick that you've seen and a little bit of strength. Has it had to do with the applications process or is it more basement related?
Ron Slaymaker: I would describe it instead of product specific or low end handsets or high end handsets, think of it again as more just tied to more customer specific and the timing of when those customers completed their inventory correction and adjustments versus the timing of other wireless customers. So again, less a statement about purging or emerging opportunities or smart phones or whatever and just more of customers getting through the inventory correction faster than some of our other customers there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Luke  Barclays Capital.
Tim Luke  Barclays Capital: I was wondering describing the orders that you closed the quarter, how have things progressed as you've moved to this point in the current period. Have you seen a continuation of that upward trajectory or have you seen, I guess in the last quarter you had a 20 point range in your guidance versus your usual 10 and this time you have a very broad range, but it's also sort of down as well as up. How are you seeing things and where you have visibility too I guess is part of the question.
Kevin March: What we saw in the last few weeks of the first quarter has rolled into the second quarter, but I would also mention that to the extent that customers have placed orders on us, they have not placed orders on us well into the future. In other words, it's still relatively close in requested delivery dates which makes the certainty of the quarter just as opaque to us as it was 90 days ago when we came into 1Q, hence the wider range that we've provided for our guidance out there.
Tim Luke  Barclays Capital: If you could frame, if you move from deterioration to stability in the orders or in your broader business, how are you now framing the puts and takes on the gross margin line and where you think as you adjust to where you perceive to be the L shape of no major uptick but maybe some stabilization. How are you framing the expectation for gross margin as you move to the end of this year and next year and maybe just, you gave some precise R&D guidance? Do you think the SG&A is kind of flat from here?
Kevin March: I think there were a couple of points in there that you had. On the GPM front, we don't give specific forecasts there but I would just remind you that we did mention our utilization is expected to increase in the second quarter which would in turn have a favorable effect on both our GPM percent and our GPM dollars. In addition, we had mentioned that the restructuring actions that we announced 90 days ago, the $700 million of annualized savings, about 20% of that was going to come through the GPM line as well as those would be manufacturing efficiencies. So those two forces combined over the balance of the year will put upward movement into the gross margin line. And then on the SG&A front we would expect to see some continued although somewhat more moderate decline in that over the balance of the year similar to what we just saw in the first quarter. Again, that's part of the other 80% of that cost reductions that will pan out by fourth quarter. So expect that to decline more moderately over the balance of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Covello  Goldman Sachs.
James Covello  Goldman Sachs: The connectivity segment was up year over year. Was that just a function of the small base a year ago or is there some share gain working in there as well?
Kevin March: I think it's a combination of increased penetration for features like GPS and wireless LAN and more advanced handsets, and then I think also on top of that is likely some share gain for TI as well. But we're also riding the wave of just higher penetration for those features in the more advanced handsets.
James Covello  Goldman Sachs: The China 3G that has been so strong across a number of companies in the supply chain, how much do you worry that that could kind of fall off as quickly as it's come up in the later part of this year and maybe mitigate some of the improvement that we should see from the rest of the world at that point?
Kevin March: That's a very good question because it's certainly one that's been on our mind as well. We certainly have benefited from the roll out of the first phase of the 3G in China, and as I understand it, there's a second phase to happen later in the year. So while there may be a little bit of a roll down as that first phase completes its roll out, there should be a second phase occurring later in the year and as I understand it, that may roll into early next year as well. We don't have any precision on that, but that's how we understand that the phasing is going on in China.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Alex Guana  JMP Securities]
[Alex Guana  JMP Securities]: I was wondering if I could ask a follow on to that phasing of the 3G opportunity. In your expectations, is one larger than the other and how do you see your content playing out in that?
Ron Slaymaker: You're saying like would the second phase roll out be bigger than what the initial phase is?
[Alex Guana  JMP Securities]: Exactly, because I don't have any color on it myself what we're actually talking to and the differences between the phases.
Ron Slaymaker: I don't have a lot of color other than what I understand it's the larger cities in phase one and smaller cities in phase two, so one would have to presume there's going to be fewer base stations in smaller cities so it may not be as large as phase one.
[Alex Guana  JMP Securities]: Within the embedded processing space, Intel is making some noise with the atom processing in the SOC, how do you see OMAP playing up against atom? Are there some sockets in question in their roadmap versus your roadmap and how would you see that playing out?
Ron Slaymaker: Our view is if it's a disc type of operating system, it's one that's going to fit very well with what Intel's history is, the architecture that atom process is just where they have historical strength. If it's outside that operating system, we would expect that they're going to be a competitor but we also don't expect that they necessarily will have architectural strength. In fact, I suspect you're going to find out over the course of time, they'll have architectural deficiencies especially tied around power consumption of that processor relative to the performance of that processor. So again, if you're in a traditional Microsoft Vista type of environment, that overhead is just part of the necessary trade off to be able to support the X86 Legacy that product has. Outside of that, there's no value to that Legacy and it's only overhead. So that's our view of it.
Operator: Your last question comes from Adam Benjamin  Jefferies & Co.
Adam Benjamin  Jefferies & Co.: On utilization rates, I know you've tagged your factories at about 50% for the rest of this year and I was wondering if you could comment on whether you expect to have any factory shut downs this quarter versus what you had about four weeks in the March quarter, and then how that would play out because given no factory shut downs you should be looking at a utilization rate and a gross margin much higher and back to roughly the Q4 levels assuming pricing is relatively stable which all indications are that it is at this point.
Kevin March: I don't believe we indicated a utilization rate. What we said was we just came off a record low mid 30's utilization first quarter. We expect utilization to increase in second quarter and beyond that it will just adjust according to what the revenue outlook is. To your specific question about additional shut down, we do not presently additional shut downs of the magnitude that we've done in the last couple of quarters planned. We will continue to do small line adjustments to meet demand, but not of the magnitude that we've had in the last two quarters.
Adam Benjamin  Jefferies & Co.: Just a follow up on some comments on the wireless infrastructure side. You had indicated that you're shipping ahead. I was just curious if you can give some color as to why that's the case and then secondly just the magnitude of the delta for what you expect you're shipping ahead right now.
Ron Slaymaker: We have no idea in terms of the magnitude and the only reason I'm saying we're shipping ahead is any time there is a new program that is ramping volume and increasing that volume, the customers have to get their inventory position in place ahead of that production ramp in order to support the ramp. Nothing beyond that. With that, I'll thank you for your questions and overall before we end, thank you for joining us. A replay of the call is available on our web site. Good evening.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-26 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker  Vice President, Investor Relations Kevin March  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Glen Yeung  Citigroup Uche Orji  UBS Tore Svanberg  Thomas Weisel Partners Christopher Danely  J.P. Morgan Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company Tim Luke  Barclays Capital [Menish Goyle] Brian Piccioni  BMO Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird David Wu  Global Crown Capital James Covello  Goldman Sachs David Wong  Wachovia [Doug Freedman] Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Adam Benjamin John Pitzer  Credit Suisse Steven Smigie  Raymond James Sumit Dhanda  BAS-ML
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the fourth quarter and 2008 year earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Ron Slaymaker.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and 2008 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO is here with me. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our web site at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's web site. A replay will be available to the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Our mid quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for March 9. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. In this call, all of our financial results will be described for continuing operations, including historical comparisons unless otherwise indicated. In today's call, we'll address key investor concerns such as; what is TI's perspective on this economic downturn, can we see a bottom and how long until recovery occurs, and what is TI doing to align its cost structure and preserve financials without sacrificing long term performance. Many of us in TI management have been in this industry a long time and have experience with a number of cycles but while there are similarities between past cycles and the current environment, there's one important difference. The current environment is not simply an inventory correction that will work itself out in three quarters. Instead, it is a broad economic slowdown in which consumer consumption has dramatically weakened and likely will weaken further. Recognizing this, we took aggressive action in the fourth quarter to reduce inventory on all fronts; our own, with OEM's and with distributors. This is why our shipments are below those of OEM's. We will be aggressive with inventory again in the first quarter because it's the best way to align production with true in demand as soon as possible. We cannot predict demand for the second half of 2009 or into 2010, but we're not waiting around for an economic recovery that may be slow to arrive. That's why we've made the additional decision to reduce cost and realign our expenses so that our performance remains solid even in a weak economy. Our cost reductions are focused in non core product areas and internal support functions. We continue to invest aggressively in analog and embedded processing and in customer support and are confident that over time this will translate to good growth and stronger market positions. Downturns often provide the best opportunities to get strategically stronger and this downturn is no exception in that regard. The new cost actions we're taking include reduction of about 3,400 jobs, 1,600 of them voluntary and 1,800 of them involuntary.  The job reductions begin immediately and although the majority will be completed by the end of the current quarter, they will continue through the third quarter this year. We expect annualized cost savings of about $500 million when these job reductions are complete.  As a reminder, we expect additional savings of about $200 million from the actions we announced in October to refocus our wireless business.  Total annualized savings between the two actions will be about $700 million. To help with your model, we saw about $10 million of savings in the fourth quarter from the previously announced wireless action. We expect an additional $40 million of savings in the first quarter from the combination of actions that are underway. The remainder of the savings will spread across the second through fourth quarters. Therefore, in the fourth quarter of 2009 we should see the full $175 million quarterly savings or $700 million annualized. In the end, about 50% of the annualized savings will be in R&D, about 30% in SG&A and 20% in cost of revenue. Of course, cost of revenue has a lot of moving pieces in additional to these structural savings as direct manufacturing, labor and material will vary with our production levels. From a restructuring charge perspective, total charges for all actions will amount to about $435 million. This splits out as $300 million for the new action announced today, about $110 million for the wireless action and $24 million for our 2007 action.  The fourth quarter results included a total of $254 million of restructuring charges, $121 million for a portion of the actions just announced, $109 million for the previously announced wireless action and $24 million for asset impairments related to an action announced in 2007 to shut down an older digital factory. Moving forward, there are $180 million of total charges remaining for these actions. We expect $50 million in the first quarter and the remaining $130 million spread across the second and third quarters. For your convenience we have summarized this information on restructuring charges and savings in a chart that is posted on our web site. Please note that we have changed the presentation of restructuring charges on our income statement. Instead of reporting these charges in cost of revenue, R&D and SG&A as we previously did, we are now reporting restructuring charges as a separate operating expense line. Our intention is to make these charges easier for you to track. We have also adjusted the prior period statements to conform to this approach. The fourth quarter restructuring charge at $254 million had an EPS impact of $0.13. Therefore, our reported EPS at $0.08 would have been $0.21 excluding these charges. The EPS guidance range of $0.10 to $0.16 that we provided in December included $0.01 impact from restructuring charges as we said at that time. The EPS upside that we achieved was partly the result of revenue coming in near the top of our guidance range. More important however, was gross profit and margins stronger than we expected as we were able to minimize the impact of low utilization by idling our factories late in the quarter. Operating expenses also declined as we implemented expense controls and employees took accrued vacation days in the quarter. To update you on the potential of our wireless merchant base stand products operation, we have discontinued op efforts regarding this sale. As we progressed it became clear to us that a sale would not achieve the same value that we will accomplish by retaining this operation and reducing the investment levels to the minimum required to support our existing customer engagements. The associated costs and savings are included in what I just covered. I'll also note that effective with this quarter's financial reports, we have changed our segment structure consistent with what we described to you back in July. Our segments are now Analog, Embedded Processing, Wireless and Other. Our calculator products are included in the other segment. In addition to the segment revenue that we've been reporting for the past couple of quarters, we are now also providing operating profit results for each segment. On our web site, we have provided historical revenue, operating profit and restructuring charges for each segment to aid you in adjusting your models. In the Analog segment, we continue to describe our revenue trend in two product categories; specifically high performance analog and high volume analog and logic. Beginning with the first quarter of 2009 we will also include a new category called Power Management. Currently, Power Management revenue is included in HPA. This product line's revenue has grown rapidly and is currently about 25% of total Analog revenue. Therefore, we will begin using Power Management as a separate descriptor within overall Analog consistent with the change that we made to our Analog organization. So let's go through our results. Revenue in the fourth quarter was $2.49 billion. Although this was a 30% drop from the year ago quarter and a 26% drop from the third quarter, it was at the top end of the guidance range that we provided in December. Revenue in every segment was down with wireless leading the decline at a 42% decline from a year ago with Analog and embedded processing both fairing the best with declines in the low 20's. The revenue results by segment are described in our release and I won't review them here so that we can have more time for Q&A. A bright spot in the quarter was our inventory reduction. We lowered our own inventory by $200 million in the quarter. In addition, we worked with our distributors to reduce inventory in our channels by more than $70 million as we had expected. Although this channel inventory reduction put additional pressure on our revenue in the quarter, getting inventory levels down is the right thing to do in this environment and we will remain diligent on this front. At this point, I'll ask Kevin to review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March: As Ron said, we significantly reduced inventory by $200 million in the fourth quarter. Along with lower revenue, our inventory reduction had a direct impact on our factory utilization levels, lowering the average utilization by about 20% points from the third quarter to 48% in the fourth quarter. This again resulted in unutilized manufacturing costs that were expensed in the quarter and therefore significantly decreased the fourth quarter's gross profit. In total gross profit decline $834 million from a year ago and $546 million from the third quarter. The decrease was attributable to both lower revenue and to the cost associated with lower factory utilization. Gross margin was 44% in the quarter, a reasonable performance considering the low levels of factory utilization at which we were operating. The operating flexibility and long term financial benefits that our manufacturing strategy and our focus on Analog and embedded processing provide are clear. We reduce operating expenses in the quarter by $137 million or 15% from a year ago and by 12% sequentially. Both R&D and SG&A expenses were reduced as we implemented spending controls and employees took accrued vacation time. Restructuring charges in the fourth quarter were $254 million or 10% of revenue. The distribution of these charges across our segments is included in our earnings release. As a result, operating profit for the quarter was $51 million or 2% of revenue. Excluding the restructuring charges, operating profit was $305 million or 12% of revenue. Other income and expense declined to a loss of $15 million, mostly due to a reserve associated with a former business as well as investment losses.  Net income was $107 million or $0.08 per share. Excluding the restructuring charges, net income was $272 million or $0.21 per share. As we expected, net income included the $67 million or $0.05 per share tax benefit from the reinstatement of the Federal Research tax credit which was signed into law in October and was retroactive to the beginning of the year. I'll leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet for you to review in the release. However, let me make just a few comments. Although our fourth quarter earnings release earnings were lower, cash flow from operations increased to $1.11 billion in the quarter due to lower working capital requirements and we ended the quarter with $2.54 billion in total cash. As we discussed in October, we tightly constrained capital expenditures, spending just $76 million in the quarter as we simple do not need additional near term manufacturing capacity in this weak demand environment. We will continue to constrain capital spending in 2009 as well. We used $386 million in the fourth quarter to repurchase 20.3 million shares of TI common stock and paid dividends of $141 million in the quarter. At current stock prices our dividend yield is now about 3%. We discussed previously that we reduced inventory by $200 million in the quarter to $1.38 million. However, inventory days increased to 89 as the 13% reduction in inventory was less than the drop in our revenue. TI orders in the quarter were $1.86 billion, down 42% sequentially. Product orders have trended sequentially lower each month since July. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $1.62 billion to $2.12 billion in the first quarter. You will note this is a decline of about 35% to a decline of about 15%. Our range is wider than normal, reflecting our lower level of backlog.  We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.11 loss to a $0.03 profit. This EPS estimate includes $0.03 per share negative impact resulting from $50 million of estimated restructuring charges. The EPS range also reflects that we could be operating at a loss in the first quarter. We are working hard to prevent this but not at the cost of future financial performance. If we do operate at a loss, we would have a tax credit in the quarter that would partially offset the loss. EPS and profitability in the first quarter will be pressured by lower factory utilization as we once again drive another significant inventory reduction. We expect to operate our factories below 35% utilization or at about 15 points lower than the fourth quarter. We will minimize the impact of low utilization on our operations by idling many of our factories for several weeks in the month of March in addition to the idlings that occurred early this month. For 2009, we expect R&D expense at about $1.5 billion compared with $1.94 billion in 2008. We expect capital expenditures of about $300 million in the year, down from $763 million in 2008. We expect depreciation expense of $900 million in 2009, down from $1.02 billion in 2008 and we expect the annual effective tax rate to drop to about 24% compared with 28% in 2008. In summary, we believe we are realistic about the changes underway in the economy and are moving early, quickly and thoughtfully to take the actions that keep us playing offense. We have a clear view of our opportunities in Analog and embedded processing and we're using this downturn to focus on our core businesses and strengthen our long term position.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Glen Yeung  Citigroup.
Glen Yeung  Citigroup: I think you said at the beginning you would address the issue of bottom. We have heard some companies suggest we may be seeing one. Any thoughts that you or Kevin may have as to whether or not things have gotten as bad as they're going to get?
Kevin March: We are not anticipating that we're at a bottom. We think that the economy is shaping up to be as we've heard many economists talk about recently, probably the worst one that most of us have experienced in our working lives. With the contraction of credit going on in the economy, we expect that will probably cause a smaller global economy as well as a U.S. economy in 2009 and so we're taking actions to get ready for that. We are not anticipating an upturn any time on the horizon.
Glen Yeung  Citigroup: In light of that, I understand now you're not selling your merchant business. Let me just clarify I heard that right. But as you then look forward into the next couple of years, are you rethinking the overall wireless strategy, and if you could address merchant cost in that. 
Kevin March: You're correct. We are not selling the merchant base band business. We decided that based upon our discussions last quarter with potential buyers that it is more financially worthwhile for our stockholders if we just run that internally as an end of life business. As far as our outlook for wireless, that has not changed. Our view is still the same and that is that as the base band has standardized, the growth opportunity in cell phones will continue to be in the smart phones, the 3G type phones; those phones where the user interface becomes a lot more important to customers and therefore the applications processor becomes more important. So our view is the same as it has been for the last year and a half or so for the wireless business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Uche Orji  UBS.
Uche Orji  UBS: Let me ask a couple of questions on the utilization rates. Can you tell me what utilization rate exiting the quarter and within that can you tell me if you have a way of targeting what it will eventually be at the end of Q1?
Ron Slaymaker: We're not providing the profile utilizations so I don't have the end of the quarter number for you. All we have are the average utilization rate and as you'll recall just to even go back to third quarter, I think the average utilization in third quarter was 67%. We just reported the average utilization fourth quarter to be 48% and we expect the average utilization in the first quarter to be about 15 points down from that 48% so in the 33% range. But I don't have a month by month profile for you.
Uche Orji  UBS: Regarding inventory, how do you plan to target? You talked about reducing inventory in Q1. Is there any target way to measure it either by absolute dollars or by turn?
Ron Slaymaker: I think the way to measure it in terms of when we talk about an inventory reduction specific to what we're describing in absolute dollars of inventory. So just as you saw significant reduction in the fourth quarter with $200 million of reduction, we would expect another significant reduction although we don't have a specific amount for you. Clearly that will vary depending upon where we land within that revenue range. But nonetheless, we're planning on another significant reduction in the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tore Svanberg  Thomas Weisel Partners.
Tore Svanberg  Thomas Weisel Partners: If we look at inventories in the channel, you continue to make sure that comes down, could you qualitatively talk about where you stand on inventories in the channel and how much further do we have to go before we start matching real consumption?
Ron Slaymaker: I can give you some statistics on what happened in the channel that maybe will help you appreciate what we're doing there. If you just look at for example the difference between sell in and sell out trend, in the fourth quarter, resale or point of sale or sales out of the channel were down by 19% compared to the third quarter. Our sales into the channel where again where we recognize revenue were down by 28% and the impact of that difference on inventory was basically an 11% reduction in inventory or about $70. But you'll note with inventory going down 11% and the sales out of the channel going down more significantly at 19%, just as you saw for TI's own inventory where days of inventory moved up, you would see the same thing in distribution. So what the distributors plan in the first quarter, we'll leave for them to comment on, but if you look at fourth quarter levels, they made very significant progress I would say in terms of reducing absolute levels. But from a days or weeks measurement perspective, they would have fallen out.
Tore Svanberg  Thomas Weisel Partners: On your new category of Power Management, should we assume going forward that there will be no Power Management then in HPA and HBA? Will they be separate?
Ron Slaymaker: That's exactly correct. So it's a new organization and the categories that we provide as descriptors of our Analog revenue will be Power, the high volume Analog logic and then separately HBA and of course that HBA revenue will be the same as what we historically described with the exception that all Power Management will be moved into that new category.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Danely  J.P. Morgan.
Christopher Danely  J.P. Morgan: Now that we're clearing out all the stuff from wireless can you give us a sense of what you expect wireless to be after all the restructuring in terms of percentage of revenue growth rate and margins?
Kevin March: I think that it's already come down to a percent of total TI. I believe the most recent quarter wireless was about 26% of TI's revenue and for the year it was about 27%. I think the year before it was a higher percent than that. I don't recall the exact number. We would expect as the cross cards that we've been talking about on the base bands, the supplier and so on, the revenue in the base bands area would continue to decline over time. We would look to the applications processor revenue to increase over time. But by the sheer size of the base band, it will be awhile before the applications processor revenue can offset the rate of decline there. Our focus continues to be of course on the Analog and embedded processing which even though they also declined here in this most recent quarter, declined at a considerably smaller rate than what wireless did and so proportionately will become a large piece of TI at a faster pace just because those markets tend to operate differently.
Christopher Danely  J.P. Morgan: Do you expect the wireless business to have margins similar to the rest of the company or Analog or will they remain below the corporate average?
Kevin March: I think we've talked in the past that that market is such that it will probably not be able to deliver margins that you see inside Analog which of course can push north of 30%. It'll probably continue to be not too far off of what we've seen in the last couple of years. If you just take a look at the data that we've provided for you on the website.
Operator: Your next question comes from Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company.
Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company: In the actions you're taking that you announced today, are there any asset impairments or taking a look at some of the fabs not part of the actions today, other opportunities to reduce some of the fixed manufacturing overhead given that you're now substantially below 50% utilization?
Kevin March: There were some asset impairments in the quarter that we just saw. Inside those charges that Ron mentioned are about $25 million having to do with older fab that we closed in 2007 and really there are a number of things there. But that included some equipment that we had held for sale but given the current market environment, we don't believe there's much opportunity for that. On a go forward basis, the restructuring plans that we talked about do not entail any anticipated asset impairments going forward. As far as reducing our fixed cost on a go forward basis, you will note that our CapEx forecast for 2009 is $300 million, less than half of what we spent most recently, and so naturally as that money gets spent that will result in lower depreciation in future time periods so we would see the fixed cost begin to decline consistent with that capital.
Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company: In the actions taken today, can you address any impact that might have on the other business? I know it's not something that you'll look at as a revenue driver but it still looks like it's the most profitable, at least at the operating margin level, most profitable part of the business. Can you address how that business is impacted by the actions taken today?
Kevin March: You'll notice if you look on the web site, you'll see that there is a restructuring charge for each of the segments and that includes both costs created by those segments as well as their pro rata share of the corporate allocated costs. What we have done with this action we just announced is that we are reducing principally our support areas. We're also reducing areas of spend that are not in our Analog or embedded processing, so consequently the other areas see some of that reduction and consequent restructuring charges as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Luke  Barclays Capital.
Tim Luke  Barclays Capital: In recent discussions, Rich had signaled that he thought the decline much like product lines might be, it would take at least three quarters of sequential decline. I was wondering Kevin, having seen the rapidity of the decline down to 27% and now down to 25% at the mid point of the sequential guidance, are you feeling that you'd be unlikely to see another quarter of decline? How do you see the shape of things?
Kevin March: We've got a wider than normal range for first quarter because visibility is pretty rough. I don't know that I could give you any real meaningful commentary as to what we think second quarter might shape up to. That's beyond our realistic ability to give you some really meaningful thought there. I would just say that at the highest level, the way we're looking at this is, we're expecting both the global economy and the domestic economy will be smaller in 2009 than it was in 2008. And this will probably take some time to work itself out. So consequently, the restructuring actions that we've just announced are designed with that in mind. That is that we will see a smaller economy that we'll sell into. We have to resize ourselves to be ready for that and that to the extent the economy does find its bottom, it will probably be awhile before we begin to see any growth in that economy, and consequently that would have a similar impact on us as well.
Tim Luke  Barclays Capital: You mentioned on your other income line it was negative 15. I think you mentioned there was some one time maybe some write downs in there on investments. Would we think that you would now revert back to a more normalized other income level in calendar first quarter and then separately you gave some specific guidance on R&D, $1.5 billion down around 23%. Would the SG&A line be down by a fairly similar percentage?
Kevin March: On the other line we don't forecast the separate lines, but those investment losses don't occur very often and so I would hope to be able to report to you ninety days from now that we haven't had a recurrence and in that that will go back to a normal trend. As to the SG&A the $700 million of savings that Ron mentioned as part of his discussion, we expect that split out to where it roughly 50% of that will be in R&D, 30% of that will be in SG&A and 20% of that will be in cost of revenue, so you can kind of take a look at where we just came from and do your math to figure out how much SG&A will come out.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Menish Goyle]
[Menish Goyle]: I was wondering your primary customer Nokia talks about conditioning to other chip vendors. Do you have a better sense of what time line looks like? Is that more of a 2010 event, or do you think that has been indefinitely played? How are you thinking about that?
Ron Slaymaker: We believe certainly that customer is fully committed to it. We think to some degree they have at least one of those other vendors in production today even on the low end of their product line. I don't think we represent in a very significant impact in terms of our revenue today, but we full expect that that pressure will continue to build. At the same time, we're committed to that customer, and we're doing what we can to make sure we take down new programs that fit with our wireless strategy as we've discussed with you for some time, being a custom product on the base band side as well as home application processors. But we do not have 100% share in any of the areas where Nokia is planning their multi-supplier strategy whether it's base bands or analog products or home app applications processors. So again we don't have 100% share today, and we don't expect that going forward. But we don't have a specific profile for you that we can lay out in terms of what their ramp up of new suppliers might look like either. Any assumptions we would have made even a couple of years ago would have been wrong on that front, so we'll let the customer and those suppliers talk about their execution and plans to ramp.
[Menish Goyle]: Let's just say that the transition were to occur in 2010. Is there any new growth drivers for you that can offset some of that or could 2010 again be a down year? It would probably be the fourth year in a row for TI for the first time. I'm just looking at what the go drivers can be that could offset if the transition at Nokia were to occur in 2010.
Ron Slaymaker: You have to be a little careful. This transition at Nokia is not going to be a step function transition. It happens by model and in some cases generation by generation meaning, as you're well aware, they have a different supplier for their low end of the product line versus their edge products versus 3G and there's different schedules that even from day one, they had mapped out for each of those. In fact I think in the case of 3G which is where most of our wireless revenue is centered up these days, I think they're playing a record that if everything goes according to plan of record was 2010 in terms of initial production. So again, we don't view this as any kind of step function where all of a sudden we're facing a big drop in revenue with Nokia, but rather one that kind of will take time and will build up over the course of time. So where do we see revenue growth coming? Think on areas that we've talked about. Certainly Analog. It's going to be impacted by economic weakness just given it's diversity but at the same time if you look over the course of time, that growth engine is well proven and not only in terms of top line but also the contribution it can provide to our bottom line. Embedded processing, you look over the last five years, I haven't calculated for 2008, but at least the period leading up to 2007, we had a 22% cater and we fully expect and in fact we're investing such that that will continue to be a growth driver for TI in the years ahead. So those are the areas that we'll see growth. In wireless specifically we expect it will come out of the old map applications processor as Kevin outlined earlier and that's not saying that we won't have pressures on revenue but certain we have a lot of tailwinds that we expect to be blowing us along and hopefully offsetting any of the headwinds that may be there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Piccioni  BMO.
Brian Piccioni  BMO: You've given us a lot of useful information with respect to modeling and I can understand that you'd be hesitant to talk about cost of goods sold, but we are both you and us, dealing with fairly unprecedented change in terms of rapidity in which things are moving. Can you give us some indications on how we might model things like utilization in our cost of goods sold model?
Kevin March: I would point back to the last couple of quarters. I think the most recent quarter our utilization dropped by approximately 20 points and our gross margins dropped by about four points, and we're projecting our utilization will drop again next quarter by about 15 points and so we would expect a corresponding ratio of decrease in our gross margins going into 1Q.
Brian Piccioni  BMO: At least one of your wireless competitors is kind of acting like it may be approaching some significant financial challenges. Is that an offset with respect to design wins that basically financial health of at least one of your competitors versus yourself?
Kevin March: I don't know that I would translate that to one, any different long term outlook in terms of where our strategy in wireless is taking us. Clearly our view of the growth opportunity in that market has changed from the perspective of you're just not going to see going forward the same kind of unit growth in hand sets that we saw in the past. Based upon that, our view is, we need to do things differently from an investment perspective to make sure that we're continuing to generate the appropriate financial returns from those investments as opposed to overdriving the investment too far too long. Now to the extent that there's opportunity that may be presented because of competitive issues on whatever front, we're certainly open to taking advantage of those within the strategic boundaries that we've identified for you. So once again, if a major customer with a significant opportunity would like to pursue custom opportunities in base band with TI, we're totally open to that type of engagement. I don't believe you'll see us reversing course and laying down a significant investment to try and grow the merchant business. That would be a shift in strategy and frankly, we're not planning to head there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird: Looking at your top line guidance down about 45% Q1 versus Q3 and your utilization rates, even if we were to assume a double digit increase of the top line for two consecutive quarters of around 12% to 15% we keep getting to a revenue run rate that's about 30% below where it used to be first half of 2008. How should I reconcile this with your comments that you don't have plans for now to reduce fab output in that gross margin going forward would be on lower depreciation only? In other words, when would you expect to resume normalized utilization rates given the environment?
Kevin March: I think I followed your question. The plan we gave awhile ago, that is there is no plans for taking any kind of factory impairments or factory changes other than the load that we have inside them. You can see that we're already reducing inventory as well as revenue coming down and maintaining pretty solid profitability because of the counter models that we put in place after the last big downturn. We would expect that at some point even if revenue just goes flat, we no longer have to reduce inventory and so you can deduce that you would at least stabilize in your loads and factories if not even in fact pick them up a little bit as you go out. So even without revenue growth, you could anticipate something like that will come in a quarter or two. And so consequently that underutilized pressure on gross margins will begin to decline somewhat if for no other reason than just because you just stopped creating inventory. So consequently when you put all that together, we do not see a need at this point in time to make any adjustments to our manufacturing footprint around the world, and we're leaving it as is as I indicated earlier.
Ron Slaymaker: I would just add the kind of math you just went through to the extent I followed it, is exactly why you see TI taking the actions that we've taken today to basically realign our expenses, get in sync with that kind of environment. That goes across all lines whether its cost of revenue, SG&A or R&D, but we are planning for a weaker economic environment that could be around for awhile. So whether it's in the factories or whether it's on the R&D lines, we're not standing idly by watching by. We're taking action to get TI positioned for success in that type of environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wu  Global Crown Capital.
David Wu  Global Crown Capital: I just wondered given your guidance about not expecting any major comeback in your TDP numbers and your actions taken, I was wondering are you satisfied as far as this year is concerned that you will not have losses during the year even though first quarter is going to be pretty nip and tuck. And also, on a longer term basis, have you changed our outlook for growing a 10% top line which is a way to 2013 kind of numbers?
Kevin March: On the losses for the year, right now we're just forecasting the current quarter as we normally do and as I pointed out earlier, the range is wider than normal because of the uncertainty that we see out there and it encompasses both the loss as well as possibly a profit in the quarter. I would just point out that even if we wind up with kind of a sideways sort of economy for quite a long time, by virtue of the fact that we're moving about $700 million of cost, that should help protect the bottom line and give some degree of confidence that we know a way to keep the company profitable as we go through this time. On the long term growth rate for the company, we have not taken our eye off the ball on that. We have talked about though that that growth rate presumed a normal semi conductor growth rate of around 8% annually, and clearly it does not appear that we're in that environment at present. But nonetheless to the extent that the industry begins to find a bottom and shape back up to that kind of presumed growth rate, then yes, I would indicate to you that we do still believe that we should be able to gain market share and hence grow a couple of points faster than what the industry itself is growing at.
David Wu  Global Crown Capital: Just looking at your special charges in Q4 on that other on your investments, you've been running, if I go back to March of last year, from $10 million to $30 million a quarter of other income. Are we back in that range assuming no further write downs?
Kevin March: Our presumption is that we've gotten those write downs behind us. Of course in this market you never say never when you're trying to predict that sort of thing, but our presumption right now would be that that's behind us in the fourth quarter and we should see something similar to the levels of the past few quarters reappear back in that line.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Covello  Goldman Sachs.
James Covello  Goldman Sachs: Going back to the question about the margins, understanding that 20 point drop in utilization caused a 400 basis point decline in gross margin, is it exactly symmetrical on the way back up? Do we need to get every 20 points of utilization increase is 400 basis points of gross margin? Are there any other factors there?
Kevin March: I don't believe I would go so far as to say its perfectly symmetrical in both directions. I think right now we can just give you an indication of where it is on the way down. When we go back up I think there are so many things affecting it which is what rate of growth rate do we see or inventory restocking do we see, what's the mix of revenue and so on. There are too many moving parts that actually impact that. So I'm going to forego actually trying to forecast that until we begin to see some growth in revenue in the forecast.
James Covello  Goldman Sachs: Maybe just another way how we can think about some historical precedents for what margins might do off the bottom. Have utilization rates ever been this low before, and if when, just so we can go back in time and make sure that we have the relevant comparison.
Ron Slaymaker: The record that we showed did not have utilization down into the low 30% such as we're expecting in the current quarter. I don't have the data right in front of me. I know the last time we were at 48% utilization was in second quarter '01 and I believe in second half '01 we slid down into the mid 40's, but to my knowledge, I don't believe we've been into the 30's. And just by comparison, second quarter '01 when we were at that same 48% utilization, we reported 25% gross margins. I believe we had an operating loss actually in that quarter. You need to be a little careful with those numbers because we had a sensors and control segment that's included in it, but nonetheless I think it's pretty clear we're operating better than we did when we were at the same utilization back at that historical point.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up from Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird: Is it fair to assume that E&P is basically no longer a difficult account for you in wireless going forward?
Ron Slaymaker: They were a wonderful account. We never called them difficult until they decided to JV with a competitor. But in terms of revenue, that revenue is pretty much behind us at this point so there was some revenue in fourth quarter but we really expect that to be the last quarter where there would be any revenue of substance. That being the case, be aware that the year on year comps, that loss of revenue will continue to weigh on year on year comps through 2009. If I can just scale that, last year we did a little over $400 million of revenue through our wireless segment with E&P so clearly as I said, 2009 comp we'll continue to feel that, but from a sequential perspective probably again, there will be a negative comp in first quarter but from there, our revenue is essentially zero with E&P.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wong  Wachovia.
David Wong  Wachovia: Could you tell us what percentage of your current Analog business goes into hand sets? In the past you talked about Analog attached to base band chips and hand sets. Does that work in reverse? As the base band business falls, do you lose Analog in the hand set as well?
Ron Slaymaker: We actually believe in the case of Analog going into  I'm going to answer the second question first while I'm trying to find the data on the first question. On the second question, the Analog program, there are some Analog programs that tie to base band. There on others that many custom Analog programs are totally independent of base band.  In fact, some customers where we would have historically been essentially their sole provider of base band, they similarly had other companies, competitors that were sole providers of Analog and with multi-sourcing strategy opening up, although it puts pressure on our digital base band revenue, it has actually opened up opportunities for us on the Analog base band side. So our position with Analog is unchanged really from what we've been describing back since the analysts meeting in May, in that we believe Analog custom wireless programs will actually move from what's been a headwind over the past few years to a tailwind as we have some new programs ramp into production beginning in the second half of '09. Of course the overall Analog revenue trend will depend upon the broader macro environment, but we do have programs in the pipeline on custom Analog for hand sets that should begin to ramp in second half of this year.  If you look at the percent of our Analog revenue that ties to hand sets it would be about 10% to 15% of our total Analog revenue in 2008, and that's a bit of a rough estimate, but it's probably a pretty close estimate for you.
David Wong  Wachovia: You inventory end of this quarter and your expectations this quarter, I'm assuming those numbers don't include inventory write downs. You didn't take any inventory write downs did you?
Kevin March: Nothing out of the ordinary. There's always a little inventory write downs every quarter as you go through things and look for salability and obsolescence but nothing out of the ordinary, and there's no presumption of anything out of the ordinary going forward.
Ron Slaymaker: As our low levels of utilization show. We're getting it the hard way.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Doug Freedman]
[Doug Freedman]: If you could, I know the environments really tough but you're cutting costs and getting your business in line with a new macro environment, what is your long term target model now with all the mix shifts in business and at what revenue level do you expect to achieve that model?
Kevin March: Our model really hasn't changed. The objective we had in mind haven't changed. The revenue level I don't think I'm qualified to speculate on because really it's going to wind up being more a mixed level, is a more appropriate thing. Our goals remain 55% gross margin and 30% operating margin, and as we've said in the past we expect to get there as Analog and embedded processing become a bigger and bigger portion of our total revenue. And we also expect to get there because those two product families allow us to spend considerable less capital on our factories and so we wind up with less fixed cost or depreciation going through the P&L.  So those are still the financial profit margins that we have in mind for the company, and as to what revenue size, that's really going to be as much a function of mix as anything.
[Doug Freedman]: There's a lot of, this downturn really is causing a little bit of a structural change in the industry. You have been sort of a consolidator in the industry. At what point do you feel the business might be right sized to play the role of consolidator again if that's something you see yourselves doing, and is there more of a reliance coming up on external reps as internal sales forces going in that theme of structural changes that are occurring in the industry?
Kevin March: You've seen us acquire companies quite a bit over the years. For the most part they've been smaller companies. They're quite frankly easier for us to integrate and to leverage their products onto our sales force and turn into revenue quickly. We would expect to continue doing that. We're mindful of the points that you brought up but certainly things are different right now and that may provide additional opportunities for us to perhaps consider. But we will continue doing at least what we've been doing in the past. As far as reps versus distribution, in fact we're very happy with the channels that we use and the new program that you've heard us talking about that we've been rolling out with our distributors is also being found by our distributors to be a very good program and makes them much more attentive to our products, so I expect that we'll continue to use that channel very actively as a means of selling our products to market.
Ron Slaymaker: I know you were also asking the question of what about reps versus internal or TI employed sales personnel, and we actually do use reps in certain locations, certain customers where they may have a particularly good relationship. But in general, our sales force is absolutely one of our best competitive advantages we believe relative to the various competitors that we're up against.  By no means do we have an effort underway to shift away from that to the extent our competitors are probably because of the success our sales force is having and maybe pressuring them to go and do some different things. But what we have now is working and we're going to if anything, that's one of those areas that we're trying to identify for you that through this downturn, you're seeing even more of our investment dollars focused into.  Really, three line items I would identify; Analog, embedded processing and our customer support/sales applications organization. So no change at all on that front.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: On the merchant silicon business you're keeping, how should we think about the profile of that business as it I assume it erodes over time? You mentioned the custom side would be kind of long lived before it would come off and not be binary, but how should we think about the merchant side?
Kevin March: We talked about that before. We indicated that it was about a $350 to $400 million kind of business in the most recent year and that it would probably take a couple of years to wind itself down.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: You mentioned about the days of inventory rising in the channel in the quarter. Could you give us an idea of what the channel inventory on a days or weeks basis was in the third, fourth quarter as well and what you think it should be in the first?
Ron Slaymaker: I think where it had been running historically has been kind of in the eight week range. I'll be honest I don't have the data in front of me that says exactly where we are. I'm sure we're a little bit over eight weeks, below nine weeks is what I would guess where we are currently, but I don't have the specific data for you. Again, if you just look at the trends the inventory reduction on a 19% resale decline clearly, there are days or weeks of inventory. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Benjamin.
Adam Benjamin: Just another follow up on the wireless business. The business was about a 20% operating margin in '07 and then the revenue declined almost 20% in '08 and you were roughly about 10% operating margin. Given that, do you expect the business to decline again given the fact that you're pulling back in and the Nokia relationship, and combined with the restructuring charges, the fact that you're pulling off that business, should we expect that to bounce back on the operating margin level given the pull back even with the revenue decline?
Kevin March: I would just point out the 2008 includes a restructuring charge inside that, so if you adjust for that it's probably closer to 14% versus the 10% for 2008 that you were just noting. We had also mentioned that we were expecting about $200 million of cost savings to come out of that business with our merchant chip set strategy change and in the fourth quarter we only saw about $10 million of that make its way on so far. So there's still more to come on that in 2009 and really the percentage profitability after that is going to be largely a function of what the size of the revenue is. But we do expect that business has plans to bring those levels back up again.
Adam Benjamin: Just following up on the inventory in the channel, can you talk about, I think you mentioned eight to nine weeks on a days basis, but what about on a dollar basis?
Ron Slaymaker: I don't have that data for you. Again, I have the turn data that I provided. I do not have the dollars of inventory here to share with you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer  Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: Can you talk a little bit about cycle times through the fab because at some point your utilization this quarter kind of speaks towards some revenue expectations going into the June quarter, so I'm just kind of curious given the drop we're seeing in utilization here, what that might bode for the next couple of quarters.
Kevin March: On the cycle time through the fabs, when you under load the fabs like we have, the wafers that you have in queue go down substantially so things move quite quickly through the fabs. So in fact, maybe what you're indicating is that if in fact business were to come back quicker than our inventory levels might support, would we be able to respond, and I believe the answer would probably be yes. The lines are quite open with the utilization levels and so we can move the wafers pretty darn quickly at this stage.
Ron Slaymaker: I think even more so than short cycle times, we believe what saves us as well is plenty of inventory right now so that's the main issue to address and cycle times will help us in terms of response time if we need to.
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: Help me understand the pricing environment going forward because clearly at 33% utilization the economics of cutting price to try to drive utilization is a lot more favorable than at 90% utilization. So what's the expectation on pricing from you and from the industry?
Ron Slaymaker: We do not have a strategy to go do anything different on the pricing front in order to fill up our wafer fabs. For the 4% or 5% of our revenues that is commodity, we could pick up a bigger share of the demand that's out there by making adjustments on prices, at least for the nano second before our competitors met us at that new price. For the other 95% of our business that is proprietary, typically it is sole source. Any pricing moves only have the impact of influencing new business opportunities which typically are two years out in terms of when they're going to produce revenue for Texas Instruments and we're not smart enough to know that that environment looks like two years out. Again, our strategy is follow normal pricing curves in areas like high performance Analog pricing is historically very stable. The big high volume opportunities, custom opportunities, generally we have agreements with customers up front of what those pricing curves will look like. So again, no change at all in terms of TI's pricing strategy as we go through this downturn.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Smigie  Raymond James.
Steven Smigie  Raymond James: I was wondering if you could talk about given the restructuring in R&D if there's any change, or I guess a better way to ask it, what would be the emphasis in embedded processing. Are there particular areas that will get more of the remaining R&D dollars? Is it the DSP that gets more or the microcontroller? How do you think about that?
Kevin March: That's a bit more specific than we normally share, but I would just say that both those areas will get some dollars. I think the focus that we had is where they can be applied, and that is trying to develop products that can help facilitate such things as low power, ultra low power and even no power kinds of requirements both in microcontrollers and DSP's and markets where they can be used at such as medical, security, other kinds of emerging markets. So I wouldn't characterize that we have a preference one versus the other. It's more a question of making sure that we've got a portfolio that can serve these emerging markets out there. We believe both DSP's and microcontrollers will be important to those markets.
Ron Slaymaker: I would just give an example of an area of where in microcontrollers we are essentially untouched in terms of competitive dynamics very low power microcontroller. We have a product line called MSB430. It is by far the lowest power microcontroller in its space and that's actually be a big factor in terms of what's been a very attractive growth rate on that product line. So certainly, we'll put the pedal to the metal in terms of that product line, developing it out to new spaces and moving forward.
Steven Smigie  Raymond James: Could you talk in that same manner about the Analog as well? It seems that you've done fairly well in power and I assume that keeps getting some decent funding, but what about the converters, amps, etc., anything particular area added or subtracted.
Ron Slaymaker: I think that entire high performance Analog space, obviously we see what happens when we can take one area and grow it to the point where basically it breaks out into its own separate business as opposed to the broader high performance Analog umbrella. But the financial characteristics of Analog in general and high performance Analog specifically, I don't need to tell you about. They're very attractive and there are few spaces inside of that underneath that umbrella that we're not interested in moving forward on. So that entire space under high performance Analog you can assume we'll be pushing very aggressively.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sumit Dhanda  BAS-ML. 
Sumit Dhanda  BAS-ML: On the commentary on orders you had indicated that July, the orders have declined every month sequentially, a few days left in January. As best you can tell is that going to be the case even for the month of January?
Ron Slaymaker: I guess what I'd like to say instead of trying to give an outlook for this month specifically, let us just say that everything that we've seen in terms of demand coming in thus far is in the short period of time, is fully consistent with the guidance we provided. But we'll probably give you more of an interim view on March 9 on our mid quarter but not at this point.
Sumit Dhanda  BAS-ML: On the operating margins even as I adjust for the various restructuring charges that you've incurred, it seems like the margins for the embedded processing business have dropped off fairly precipitously and it seems at least last quarter your infrastructure business outperformed at a relative basis. I'm just curious as to is it just that the inventory was too high and so you had to take down, your margins got disproportionately impacted in this particular business? How do we reconcile that?
Kevin March: I think what you see there is the underutilization charge is of course allocated to the respective segments in accordance with what factors they use and the data processing of course and some of the DSP's, some of the more expensive internal capacity and so you'll see the impact of some of that utilization playing its way through.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you for joining us. A replay of the call is available on our web site. Good evening.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker - Vice President Richard K. Templeton - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Kevin P. March - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts: John Dryden - Charter Equity Glen Yeung - Citigroup Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities Corp. David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets LLC [Mark Lippicus] - Morgan Stanley Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan David Wu - Global Crown Capital Steven Smigie - Raymond James Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Doug Friedman - Amtech Research Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners James Covello - Goldman Sachs Tim Luke - Barclays Capital Uche Orji - UBS
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you for joining our third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TIs CFO, is with me. We also have a special guest today, TIs CEO Rich Templeton, to share his perspective given the economic environment. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at www.ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TIs website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TIs results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as TIs most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for December 8. We expect to narrow or adjust revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. In this call all of our financial results will be described for continuing operations including historical comparisons unless otherwise indicated. In todays call well address key questions such as: What are the factors behind the drop in TIs profit margins? Specifically, what impact has our inventory reduction had on profitability? What actions can TI take to reduce operating expenses further if we enter a period of prolonged weakness? Well also discuss details of the actions we announced today regarding our wireless business. In July we described that we had a cautious perspective of the overall economic environment and therefore we were also being cautious with our own forecast and operating plans. That approach served us well as our markets and our revenue for the quarter were in fact weak and revenue came in and the middle of our range of expectations. Yet even so we were able to get ahead of the curve with operating expense reductions as well as to achieve a significant reduction in inventory. Considering todays increased economic uncertainty and our weakening order trends in the third quarter, we expect revenue to decline in the fourth quarter and have taken additional actions to reduce our expenses. Also, we will pull back further on capital expenditures as additional capacity is not required in this period of softer demand. Finally, we will accelerate our inventory reduction in the fourth quarter. Let me start by describing the actions that we are taking to reduce expenses in our wireless business. The total savings will be about 1/3 of our current wireless investment or about $200 million on an annualized basis once the actions are complete. We will stop investing in merchant cellular baseband chip sets and are actively pursuing the sale of our merchant chip set product line. Even so we will continue to support select custom baseband programs. We will focus our wireless investments on our OMAP applications processors. You have heard us talk for some time about the good opportunity that we believe is ahead of us in Smartphones with our OMAP applications processors. The Smartphone market is fast growing and TI is well positioned. Handset makers are focusing their own R&D activities on user interfaces and applications in order to maximize their product differentiation. From a semiconductor perspective, this points to the application processor as the best opportunity in the handset. Looking ahead we will concentrate our wireless resources on OMAP and our intent on extending our lead in this market. Let me now walk through the impact on our financials. The sale of our merchant baseband operations including the LoCosto and eCosto product lines would have the biggest near-term impact. This business is expected to produce revenue in the range of $350 million to $400 million in 2008. The specific timing of the potential sale is undetermined although we should know this outcome within the next few months. If a sale does not occur, we will continue to support existing customer engagements and will take additional action to remove almost all the operating expense associated with this revenue. In this scenario we would expect this revenue to decline over several years. Either approach should provide us a reasonable return on the business. For the remaining baseband revenue which is about $2.3 billion this year from sales of custom products, we will continue to support our largest customers. We expect this revenue to decline in the years ahead as the previously discussed programs with Erickson bubble platforms continue to wind down through the end of this year and as our largest customer implements its multi-supplier strategy. As a result we are adjusting our operating expenses to align with this reduced expectation. In total the reductions we are implementing over the next three quarters will result in annualized savings of more than $200 million with about 85% of that in R&D, 10% in cost of revenue, and 5% in SG&A. We expect to take restructuring charges of about $110 million as the actions are implemented. Lets now shift to our quarterly results. Revenue was $3.39 billion, a decline of 8% from a year ago and an increase of 1% from the second quarter. There was some impact to revenue from actions we took with our distributors late in the quarter to reduce inventory in the channel in consideration of the weakening environment. As a result distributor inventory was reduced by about $35 million or about 5% and is now below eight weeks. While this negatively impacted our quarter, it was the right decision and we will benefit by keeping inventory in our channel lean in this environment. Our revenue results by product category are described in our release and I wont repeat them here. At this point Ill ask Kevin to review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin P. March: Gross profit was $1.64 billion in the quarter or 48.5% of revenue. Gross profit was down $341 million from a year ago with most of this due to lower revenue although our inventory reduction also impacted factory utilization resulting in unutilized manufacturing costs impacting the current quarters cost of revenue. As a reminder, the year ago quarter also included a $39 million gain from the sale of the DSL product line, all of which was included in the gross profit. Gross profit declined $106 million from the second quarter. Most of this decrease was attributable to the lower factory utilization due to our stepped up efforts to produce inventory in the third quarter. The cost of this underutilized capacity was expensed in the third quarter in turn increasing cost of revenue versus the second quarter. In total utilization dropped by about 10% points in the quarter from the mid-70s to the mid-60s. Its helpful to put this into historical perspective. If we look back to the fourth quarter of 2002 when we were at similar utilization levels, our gross margin was about 13 points lower in that quarter. The progress that weve made in improving our portfolio and our manufacturing operations is quite evident. Operating expenses in the quarter were down $74 million or 8% from a year ago with reductions in both SG&A and R&D expenses. Sequentially expenses were down $19 million or 2% due to lower SG&A expense. As a result operating profit for the quarter was $746 million or 22% of revenue. Other income and expense declined to $10 million mostly due to lower interest income.  Income from continuing operations was $563 million or $0.43 per share. Income includes a $34 million discrete tax benefit that was primarily due to adjustments that we identified as we completed some prior years tax returns. This tax benefit was largely offset by $44 million of charges that were incurred in the quarter and were associated with impairments of long-lived assets and site consolidations. For example, we did some site consolidation in Japan and also had some asset impairments associated with converting our former Kilby wafer fab into the recently announced Kilby labs. The breakout of these charges is as follows: $17 million in cost of revenue, $23 million in R&D and $4 million in SG&A. Ill leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release. However let me make just a few comments. Cash flow from operations was $1.05 billion in the quarter and we ended the quarter with $1.99 billion in total cash. We used $429 million to repurchase 17.1 million shares of TI common stock and paid dividends of $131 million in the quarter. As a reminder, in September we announced an increase in our dividend by 10% which will be effective with the next dividend payment in November. This was the fifth consecutive year for TI to raise our dividend. At recent stock prices our dividend yield is now about 2.5%. Inventory of $1.58 billion at the end of the quarter was reduced $76 million from the end of the prior quarter. We have sharply reduced wafer starts in the quarter and as a result expect inventory to decline even faster in the fourth quarter or by more than $150 million. Inventory days declined to 81 from 93 last quarter. TI orders in the quarter were $2.23 billion, down 9% from the year ago quarter and down 7% from the prior quarter. Product orders trended sequentially lower each month in the quarter. As a result of these order trends and the increased uncertainty in the economic environment, we expect revenue to continue to decline in the fourth quarter. We expect total TI revenue in the range of $2.83 billion to $3.07 billion. Our assumption that semiconductor revenue will decline in a range of about 10% sequentially and that our calculator revenue will have its normal seasonal decline in the quarter. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.30 to $0.36. The EPS estimate includes a $0.05 benefit from the reinstatement of the federal research tax credit which was signed into law in October and was retroactive to the beginning of the year. This reinstatement along with a lower profit estimate for the year should result in an annual effective tax rate of about 28% for the year. Including the cumulative adjustment for the first three quarters, we expect the tax rate in the fourth quarter will be about 18%. The quarter will also include about $0.01 of charges associated with our wireless actions. With that let me turn it over to Rich for his perspective.
Richard K. Templeton: Many of you have heard the term its an uncertain economy, but the fact is were pretty certain that its serious. Ive spent quite a bit of time in the last month, a couple weeks ago in Europe particularly in Germany, a couple weeks before that in Taiwan. We see customers that are observing slowing demand from their market places, I think we have a number of customers that fear more reductions as they look at the overall economic environment, and I believe we have a number of people starting to guard against getting caught with inventory. I think we see people reacting and starting to react pretty quickly. We see it in general across all regions, across all end markets even though certainly the logical end markets have been more impacted; automotive for example more impacted and at the other end of the spectrum things like the base station, our infrastructure market place doing better. Weve seen that through the balance of the last three weeks of September where ordinarily youd be seeing a building demand for the holiday season. We in fact had a slowing demand, and that has been held through the first 20 days of October accordingly. As Ron and Kevin both commented, we entered the third quarter cautious. We continued to take actions as we saw things being softened, and as a result we very simply believe its not a time to be waiting for perfect data. Its a time to be acting and continuing to be diligent on this. The second point to make is that actions are underway. They will continue. The fact is we believe we will also have to adjust these actions as we learn more about where the economy really wants to go. Kevin and Ron both described well that we have an operating plan that is assuming that fourth quarter will be down about 10% from a revenue perspective in semiconductor, and were assuming a further drop in the first quarter. I will emphasize even though it will probably be not heard very well, these are assumptions that weve made; not a forecast. Assumptions allow us to drive operating plan changes and take action to get a different result in the future. Wafer fabs are now operating at a level that is consistent with these assumptions and if theyre able to hold, well be able to run utilization pretty steady through the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. Kevin pointed out that these actions have had a major impact to margins in the third quarter but having been in the business a long time, history shows that taking these actions earlier are always merited. And I think weve gotten ahead on this one and weve taken pretty tough actions accordingly. We also worked closely with distribution during the quarter as Ron pointed out. Despite the fact that we actually had resale increase slightly in the third quarter, we worked closely with our distributors to reduce inventory. Again on that front history shows that taking proactive steps to get ahead of an inventory situation in a softening economy are also merited. Capital spending or capital expenditures have also been brought down. You should see in the release that the annual spend rate has been reduced from $900 million to $800 million. At this point thats obviously just an adjustment to the fourth quarter and the simple reason is because we dont need them from a capacity and a manufacturing perspective. Yes, we will be able to continue to keep those at low levels if we continue to see soft demand. Expenses are being reduced using a lot of the classic techniques that you will do in this type of time, and we will also be very, very targeted on our hiring, in fact being focused primarily on new college hiring only as we move forward right now. We are also prepared to adjust further if things change because I believe were in a market place and an economy that the assumptions that we made will not be precise, but we make them anyhow so we can act. The last point before we open it up to questions is Ive been through a lot of these in my time in the semiconductor industry. The greatest news to me is that these are absolutely opportunities for companies to get stronger, and thats exactly what were doing and will be doing as this moves on. As weve talked to investors for about a year and a half now, we are very focused on analog and embedded processing. We think they are literally the two best opportunities in the semiconductor market in terms of both size therefore growth opportunity, margins and also cash flow just looking at the manufacturing assets and manufacturing bases they use. The changes that we announced today on wireless are consistent with the strategic direction that weve been describing for about the past year and a half as well on the wireless market, and they too will lead to TI becoming a stronger company with those actions taken. The great news is that many of the actions and many of the decisions over the past three and four years that weve made have all driven us to a position of having both strong cash flow but also a very strong balance sheet, and that really is a great asset in these times. We will continue to be active in our search of additional small acquisitions to strengthen our position in both analog and embedded processing and maybe most importantly to be paying very, very close attention to customers as we increase the chips per board and the great growth opportunity we have around the world. That is where the great strategic progress can be made in these times, and we intend to stay very focused accordingly on that front. With that let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response well provide you an opportunity for an additional follow up.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from John Dryden - Charter Equity.
John Dryden - Charter Equity: Ron, can you discuss application specific analog both near term and long term, the impacts of the weakening demand and more importantly long term on consolidation in the overall wireless industry and your merchant baseband exit?
Ron Slaymaker: I think as weve discussed, what weve seen in terms of longer term expectations for application specific analog are unchanged and specifically the opportunity that we see there. Near term I think youll see even in third quarter we saw both high performance analog and application specific analog basically trend sequentially although application specific analog was down from a year ago. Thats pretty consistent I think with what weve described as that revenue that has declined basically would bottom out and then the expectation being that we could see growth drive forward maybe a couple or a few quarters out from there. Again, well have to see what the economy holds but again no change in our expectation for the opportunity for us to accelerate growth in our application specific analog business. Do you have a follow up?
John Dryden - Charter Equity: Sure, for Kevin. Long term investments were down about $50 million. Was any of that an increase in liquidity for your auction rate securities?
Kevin P. March: Actually a little bit of that was we had some of those auction rate securities redeemed in the quarter and weve also been notified to expect more redemptions in the fourth quarter. Youre beginning to see the effect of that on the long-term security line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glen Yeung - Citigroup.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Maybe a question for Rich. When you look into Q3, quarter reported, how much of the wireless business do you think was affected by a slowing end market versus share loss in that quarter?
Richard K. Templeton: Let me let Ron comment on the near term on that front. I think environmentally we feel pretty good about where we stand right now. Ron can cover the specifics.
Ron Slaymaker: As we said and described before, the E&P revenue continues to decline. We dont break it out and report it quarter-by-quarter so I guess in that single case you could characterize that as share loss but as weve seen actually over a number of quarters now, wireless results were mixed by customer. As those customers report or have already reported, youll see theyre performing at differing levels and in fact our shipments into those customers have varied accordingly as well. I would say overall we believe the wireless market is weak associated with the overall economic environment but again itll be the specifics will mixed somewhat by customer. Do you have a follow up?
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Yes. The other question I have is thinking about the OMAP business as kind of a stand-alone business. As we think about the direction of chips that go into handsets over the coming quarters and years, what risk is there in the OMAP business that the app processor gets integrated and in fact having a baseband is a necessity?
Ron Slaymaker: Weve played in the OMAP business now for pretty much as long as the applications processor as existed in the handset and our experience has been and our conclusions today even with the actions that youre seeing is that we believe integration is very low risk. It really comes down to customers want to maintain software flexibility. The applications processor is a much different type of component in terms of their reliance upon that for differentiation of their handsets through the user interfaces, through the applications and services that you see them deploying, and we believe because of that software flexibility they will keep those as separate components as opposed to trying to drive them into an integrated solution.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Rich, while weve got you on the line, you mentioned specifically an appetite for smaller tuck-in acquisitions with the kind of decline in the market cap weve seen with some of these companies and the decline in health, have you increased an appetite for maybe a slightly larger acquisition?
Richard K. Templeton: Weve talked in the past with a lot of the investor base. First on the smaller acquisitions, we think those are great leverage. It really brings about the wonderful use of a sales team and an applications team that we have built around the globe that a lot of these smaller companies dont have so its a great amplifier for really good teams through a really good sales outlet. As we said, wed press on with that. When it comes to the larger acquisitions, I still go to a statement that again youve heard. Something would have to just fundamentally make you stronger, not just bigger. Thats how we would always have to judge something or look at accordingly. Valuation is not necessarily the driver but strategic ability to be able to do more things in front of our customers is what we would focus on.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: With the sale of the LoCosto and eCosto product, whats any hindered participation in some of the emerging markets? Obviously a lot of the growth in wireless unit volume has been in those emerging markets and I know your OEMs, your partnered OEMs, are still playing there. But does this hinder some of your participation in that growth?
Richard K. Templeton: In fact if you look at it, it is highly, highly independent and what I mean by that is as weve built sales offices and sales channels throughout India, throughout China, youre in working with a lot of the local companies throughout the industrial, consumer, medical, different customer base. So whether or not you have a commercial chip set is somewhat irrelevant because that tends to be narrowed on really a handful in some ways of five OEMs and maybe at the most 10 when you start to get to some of the regional players.
Operator: Our next question comes from Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Rich, a question for you. If I look at your custom wireless business, it looks like you do anticipate losing some share and even taking a couple of years of view it looks like that business is going to decline. Im just wondering what youre thinking behind exiting the merchant side of the business and staying in the custom business?
Richard K. Templeton: I think Ron said it really quite well, and that is that weve got a really well-run custom business anchored with a great solid relationship and were going to continue to operate it and continue to operate it very well with those couple of customers. Its a business that runs well. We can run it to make good money. We provide a great cost, great quality, great operation support to our customers, and we think simply were going to be able to continue to do that yet at the same time make sure we can size investments appropriately for what that revenue looks like.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Just looking at your 10% guidance, can you talk about some of the trends you are seeing in different end markets?
Ron Slaymaker: We dont break out outlook down into individual end markets but I will comment this is not being driven by any particular end market. It is a very broad-based decline that we saw in orders as we moved through third quarter and therefore outlook in the fourth quarter. So think of it in terms of being broad-based as opposed to a specific market, and frankly thats probably as you would suspect given that our statements that we believe its economically driven.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities Corp.
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities Corp.: On wireless, if you could talk about perhaps the main consequence there. Is it mix primarily or units that youre seeing drop off?
Ron Slaymaker: You need to give me some clarification. Are you talking about in fourth quarter or are you talking about in third quarter?
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities Corp.: Yes, looking for the trend so emerging from the third quarter going into the fourth quarter. Weve been hearing about units holding up relatively well but mix shifting towards the lower end. You guys have more exposure to the Smartphone market. Im just wondering if you could clarify for us the mix issue versus the aggregate trend issue.
Ron Slaymaker: Maybe what I can do most accurately is describe the historical trend as opposed to the forecast. In third quarter you saw that our wireless revenue was up 1%. First of all, lets break that down.  In terms of mix we saw growth probably think of it in terms of not double-digit growth but single-digit growth in 3G so therefore we saw some offset to that in the mid-range or the low-end type of a handset. So since 3G our content tends to be much higher than what it would be in the mid-range or low-end handsets, clearly from a units perspective probably total units were down but again we benefited from the higher ASP and frankly higher units specific to the 3G. Again that was third quarter. I dont want to try to project how thatll carry forward into fourth quarter but at least thats a bit of history.
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities Corp.: On gross margin, in order to drive inventories down by it sounds like twice the amount you did in the third quarter, how much room do you have to do that through your foundries or how much do you do that along with your in-house manufacturing? In other words, where should we expect past utilization and gross margin to go for the next couple of quarters?
Kevin P. March: I think Rich commented that we were taking down our starts through the quarter, and we expect those starts in the fourth quarter to be less than what we had in first quarter. To say it another way, utilization will be less in the fourth quarter than it was in the third quarter by at least a few more points. That certainly has the potential to weigh on us gross margin-wise but we expect that utilization or that start level to hold pretty constant for the fourth quarter and the first quarter. On the top level you would expect to have a little bit of utilization pressure continuing going into the fourth quarter. At the same time were taking steps as well to try to reduce our expenses as we go into the fourth quarter to try to keep the overall bottom line impact minimal.
Ron Slaymaker: Just to clarify, in fourth quarter utilization will drop by a few points. In third quarter we actually saw roughly a 10 point drop. Is that correct?
Kevin P. March: Right.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets LLC.
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets LLC: Just a clarification. When you said that youre going to continue to support your custom business, but it will drift down over the years. Do you expect to eventually exit the business or do you expect it to go down to a fairly constant level and that youll retain one or two customers at that level?
Richard K. Templeton: We will focus on those couple of customers and really the one large customer. We provide what guidance we can, which is that business will probably get smaller over time just because of the said direction if you listen to some of these customers about looking more towards a generic chip set in the merchant market over time. We weve made that assumption that itll trend down. Obviously if these large customers wanted to continue to work with us closely the way we have, well continue to work very closely with them.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Mark Lippicus] - Morgan Stanley.
[Mark Lippicus] - Morgan Stanley: First question is for Kevin I guess. Going beyond the next couple of quarters on the gross margins, can you give us a framework for thinking about what it will take to get the gross margins back up? Im trying to understand in the second half of last year your gross margins were 54%. Assuming a static mix if you get to that revenue level, is there any reason that we should assume that the margins dont get there or could go above that?
Kevin P. March: There are several things actually I think that are important to keep in mind as you look out into the future for our margins. We did mention about a year ago, I guess about May of 07, that we had set a goal for being able to put together a portfolio that would operate at about 55% gross margin and 30% operating margin. On our way there what were looking to is an increasing portion of the mix of our revenue to be coming from both analog and a better process in which both deliver those kinds of operating results and at the same time for our high performance analog, the subset of the analog piece, to continue to improve in its overall profitability as the quality of the products in that portfolio continue to improve. Kind of tailing in behind that and this leads back into a comment that Rich made about our capital spending is that our cap ex has come down. In fact over the last 12 months worth of revenue our cap ex is running about 6% of that revenue and our depreciations been running about 7%. So when your cap ex is running below your deprecation youre going to expect to see depreciation continue to decline as you go out over the next couple of years. The final thing that youll continue to see is just these portfolio adjustments that we continue to do. Recall in 2005 we sold the LCD commodity driver business. That took on a low margin business. Last year it was the DSL business. This year youve heard us talk about our merchant chip set business that were going to go ahead and take action on. In all three of those cases those were elements of our portfolio that averaged down our overall gross and operating margins, so by removing those again that gives us some lift going forward.  So there are really three or four moving parts inside and we remain quite optimistic as to how this portfolio shifts over the next few years and works us toward those kinds of profit goals.
Ron Slaymaker: I think just a more near-term impact, there are two things that are affecting our gross margin. One is declining revenue in fourth quarter and the other is just the impact especially as we saw in third quarter of inventory reduction and the impact that had on lower levels of utilization. In the near term when we get the inventory reduction complete, that will tend to provide a lift on utilization and therefore margins. The other consideration is whenever revenue would start to grow again, certainly that will be a benefit as well.
[Mark Lippicus] - Morgan Stanley: Perhaps a question for Rich. It sounds like your channel inventory is around eight weeks at the low end of the historical range. The assumptions that youve made on your revenues in Q4, do you think that would be an accurate reflection of the real consumption of your components by the end market or do you think that the channels in the process of taking the inventories below even the current low levels that we see?
Richard K. Templeton: I think by asking that question youre on the key thing about taking action, and that is that channel inventory metrics are usually trailing metrics, not leading. Thats why in all my experience in all my history, getting out ahead of this thing is usually merited. Thats why even with an increasing resale number in third quarter we just looked at the overall size and said that this is the time to be getting back ahead of this thing. We feel good on a relative basis the real question that youre after is whats the absolute target you need to get to, and its going to take time to know.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan.
Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan: Probably a couple questions for Rich. You guys are restructuring the wireless business but it looks like the part that is left is not going to grow and we all know it has lower profitability than your base business. In the past when this has happened, whether its DRAM or [CON] business or S&C, youve exited those businesses. I guess my question is why are you not exiting the entire wireless business?
Richard K. Templeton: Thats an interesting question but let me break into a couple of things. First off, when you say the piece of wireless thats left, there are a few pieces in there. One is you have a tremendous opportunity with application processors with whats happening in the Smartphone world. That is one where if you get with Greg and his whole team, you take a look at the customer and the customer adoption of these products, we really are pretty excited about where this thing wants to go, economies aside. So thats why you invest aiming forward, and in this case aiming forward is about aiming at the Smartphone and the application processor business. The flip side of that is what do you then do with the called baseband business or in this case the remaining element which is the custom baseband business, and thats where you have to sit down and you just have to run that in the smartest way you know how. The smartest way that we know how is to be able to support customers at minimized costs and investments on that front, and as a result you can generate the best value for shareholders over the long term. Its how we always tend to look at these and in this case run an ad on the inside is the best choice.
Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan: Switching to the analog business, was any of the gross margin reduction due to analog pricing? And I guess Rich, looking out you said you wanted to get a little more aggressive in your analog growth rates. Are you willing to trade off margins for growth or how do you look at that?
Richard K. Templeton: Nothing changed in terms of our strategy for pricing in analog. You kind of have to look at the analog businesses separately. The high performance analog price is very low on our customers list of priorities and considerations. Its much more driven by technology, support, those types of considerations. On the high volume analog side, it is more of a competitive market dynamic and pricing is more of a factor but frankly those are probably more considerations that are made when a customer is initially engaging with the supplier, because again much of that business will tend to be custom type of products. So once you get into call it near-term environmental changes such as were seeing today, you tend not to see analog pricing move around with that near-term environment. Frankly, when things get better we certainly dont go out and raise prices on our customers either. Where we do see some price movement with the environment is in areas like our standard logic or our commodity logic product line. Keep in mind that is a very small percentage, probably 5% if not less than our total revenue today and in that commodity area, yes youre seeing some pricing pressure as you would expect. But again it has very little impact on TI overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wu - Global Crown Capital.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Rich, while I have you on the phone, can you help me with two things? Number one is given the fact that you are exiting the merchant baseband business and the custom baseband business is going to go south, are you maybe recalibrating your top line growth goal for the next five years, the one that you set back in May of this year? The other one is, it sounded like the merchant baseband business you are talking to potential buyers. Are we close to some kind of a deal or are we still in a preliminary stage of talking?
Kevin P. March: Let me go ahead and answer that. I think the quick answer is no, it does not affect the overall top line growth that we talked about. We talked about back in May putting together a portfolio that in a semiconductor market thats growing on average 8% compounded annually, which has been the long-term average here in the last dozen or so years, that in that kind of market we would expect our portfolio to be able to generate an average of around 10% annual growth rate. Along with that by the way about a 15% compound annual growth rate in earnings. We dont expect the changes in the merchant chip set that we just talked about or the custom business to affect that. In fact we have been comprehending these kinds of market changes all along when we actually gave that guidance.
Richard K. Templeton: Are you close to a deal by having announced it?
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: We hadnt talked about that. Usually companies are fairly close to a deal before they even mention something like that. So I assume thats the practice at TI as well.
Kevin P. March: I would just comment that we are in discussion with several interested parties and thats probably all I should say at this point in time.
Richard K. Templeton: Part of our announcement also is just driven by the need internally to make some disclosures because we do have broader actions that are taking place inside of our wireless organization overall.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: With $100 million of restructuring charges, we should see it in the quarterly numbers right? [Inaudible] this year and the first two quarters the next year.
Kevin P. March: Thats correct. Were expecting right now over the next three quarters and in the fourth quarter estimate were expecting approximately $0.01 of charge with the balance to occur in the first and second quarter of 09.
Richard K. Templeton: I just wanted to follow up. Kevin gave the exact right answer on the growth targets. We look at the opportunity with analog $36 odd billion market; embedded processing $16 billion market; while weve got great share it can be just a lot greater. So the growth opportunities that we see in front of us are the same ones we talked about really back in May.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Smigie - Raymond James.
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: I want to make sure Im connecting the dots right. I think you indicated that revenue might be down again in Q1 but that you would expect utilization to be about flat relative to Q4. If thats the case, does that mean then youre not reducing inventory at that point, youre shipping back to demand? Is that how I should look at that?
Kevin P. March: Actually what we are expecting is that what you said, revenue would be down in fourth and first and that inventory will decline as wed already mentioned by about $150 million in fourth quarter and there probably would be some incremental decline in first quarter. Thatll be somewhat subject to what our expectation is on the 2Q revenue outlook which will moderate that a little bit when we get to that point in time.
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: If youre inventorys coming down again and revenues coming down, how does utilization stay flat?
Kevin P. March: Keep in mind its a function of when you start your wafers and how long it takes that to run through the factories. Your average cycle times going to be call it two to 2.5 months to run through. So if you just kind of map out the cycle time of the wafers from when they start to when they come out, they dont come out faster enough to actually start growing inventory if your revenue is in line with what were expecting. So youd see your inventory decline further.
Richard K. Templeton: To me, the simpler one is I think it emphasizes how hard weve gotten after this thing in the third quarter. Thats how you do it. You end up bringing the utilizations down by the time we were leaving the quarter as Kevin or Ron talked about 10% points. We left the quarter a couple, three or four points below that and well run that level theoretically through 4Q and 1Q reducing a lot of inventory; some in Q3, a lot more in Q4 and then a little bit more in Q1. So its a magnitude statement about the aggressiveness of action.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: A question for Rich. On the guidance that you gave, how much of that is bottoms up versus top down conservatism or caution given what youre seeing in the end markets?
Richard K. Templeton: I think thats a great question and I want to be really careful of anybody hearing the word that our 10% down number is a cautious outlook. I say that because I think were just literally at a steep part of that curve and the ability to draw a line is very difficult. So we see customers currently making changes to their backlogs and their demands. What we did was we got very aggressive actually during the third quarter to start putting some tough operating plans in front of us. Our best estimate at this time is that down 10% but I think well have to see exactly where that comes out.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: When you talk about the first quarter revenues being down as well, is that more of a statement on what you see in the end markets now, normal seasonality or something else?
Richard K. Templeton: That is about getting internal operations to take action as opposed to waiting for perfect data in this world. So weve got an incremental reduction in first quarter revenue that we put into an operating plan. It goes back to Steves prior question on utilization. Thats slightly more than seasonal down. Again its not for great wisdom of forecast; its for wisdom that says usually making choice to get ahead of these is better than waiting for perfect data to show up.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer - Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Ron, quickly just a clarification on your Q4 revenue guidance. Does that include the merchant wireless business or do we take $100 million out quarter-on-quarter? How does that work?
Ron Slaymaker: It includes our merchant wireless business until we announce that that sale has been achieved.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Kevin, you talked a little bit about some of the positive offsets on the analog business margin profile. Im kind of curious, when you look at the cost actions youre taking on the wireless business given the $200 million reduction in cost, $400 million reduction in revenue, going forward structurally would that business be more or less profitable on the gross and operating margin?
Kevin P. March: The quick answer is it will be more profitable taking out that much cost. As weve talked in the past the wireless business has generally averaged down the overall performance of the company and by taking out this much cost you can see where this will add a little bit more favorable bottom line results going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Friedman - Amtech Research.
Doug Friedman - Amtech Research: If I could just clarify, did I hear correctly that youre thinking that despite the fact that normal seasonality is thrown out the window right now with what were seeing macro wise, youre thinking that Q1 is going to be seasonal or worse than seasonal? Did I hear that correctly?
Kevin P. March: I think what you heard Rich saying is that in this economic environment rather than waiting to find out what the signals tell us, were preparing ourselves in the event that its worse than seasonal and is actually down quite a bit versus the fourth quarter. The normal seasonal for us if you go back and look over the last 10 years or so was down about 1% versus fourth quarter. Were preparing ourselves for the possibility that it would be down steeper than that.
Doug Friedman - Amtech Research: Just focusing a little bit on some housekeeping. There is a lot of free cash flow that continues to come out of your business model. How are you thinking about buy-back versus dividend as far as returning equity to shareholders?
Kevin P. March: Actually thats a good question. We just got Board approval to increase the dividend again this quarter. Thats five years in a row now of increase in dividends to the point where now I believe the yield is 2.5% based upon our recent stock price. Youve seen us use more dollars for buy-back than for dividend although that mix has changed somewhat especially in the last year as weve taken a lot of the excess cash that we had generated from activity over the prior few years and used that for larger buy-backs. Now what youre seeing is our use of cash for buy-backs and dividends getting a little bit closer to our actual cash flow generation. I think youd see more of the same going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Going back to gross margin, the way I understand it is that it was down 370 basis points this quarter and we should expect a lower drop than that in Q4 in the actions youve already taken?
Kevin P. March: Youll see it go down if for no other reason because of the seasonality of the calculator business that we discussed. It tends to operate at quite a high gross margin so that revenue alone will reduce quite a bit fourth quarter because of its normal seasonal activity. Then beyond that therell be a smaller impact just by virtue of the fact that we dont expect our utilization to fall quite as sharply in fourth quarter as what it did in fourth quarter. It will still go down some so that will pressure us a bit from the standpoint that well have some fixed costs that wont be absorbed, but we dont expect it to fall quite as sharply as what we saw this past quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: So with utilization roughly flat or slightly down a little bit, more of the gross margin trend will be driven by the changes in revenue and whatever falter is associated with that as opposed to the underutilization costs we saw in third quarter. Is that correct?
Kevin P. March: Thats correct. Proportionately more will be revenue driven as opposed to fixed cost driven.
Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Im sure in times like this you take a strong revisit at your business and where youre going to go once we get out of this. In analog and embedded processing you mentioned you expect to gain share. Can you just talk about some of the end markets that you are perhaps penetrating a little bit more than others from a design win perspective please?
Richard K. Templeton: While I get to travel around a lot and you get to sense what the economy and customers think, the thing that I remain excited about is all the customers and the new applications and the designing process thats taking place. Areas as broad as industrial to motor controls, improving the energy efficiency of white goods or industrial equipment to the impact of whats happening in medical to even continuing away in market places like automotive. Thats why we remain so fascinated with both analog and embedded processing is that literally you can sell chips to any company in the world that builds an electronic based piece of equipment. So we feel pretty good about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Covello - Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Ill just touch on the thoughts around the connectivity products. Is there any change in your view on the connectivity products in wireless relative to the divestitures that youre having?
Richard K. Templeton: Short version is no, meaning that we still think that if you look at the Smartphone world and the functionality going into Smartphones, this is going to be a rapidly growing space and Greg and his team have done some pretty interesting things in that area. So while you hear a lot of the public attention on OMAP and the investments in OMAP, the connectivity business as you refer to it is a pretty impressive business as well.
Kevin P. March: Just for the broader audience, lets define what we mean by connectivity. Its GPS, Blue-Tooth and Wi-Fi, and in those areas TI has especially strong positions in Wi-Fi for the handset as well as discrete GPS solutions.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Ill ask my follow up on the same topic but it can count as my follow up. Relative to those things being integrated, is it enough to integrate them with an OMAP processor or do you really need a baseband processor as the connectivity market moves further toward integration?
Richard K. Templeton: I think whats going to happen on that is it goes back to I forget who asked the question but Ron answered it. I think youre going to find application processors remain pretty discreet or stand-alone just because of the software, the programmable nature of those products. As a result theres not this major integration of devices like Blue-Tooth or GPS. What we could see if you spend time with that team, youd hear about integration of the connectivity functions. Youve seen some things so far in life in connectivity where Blue-Tooth and FM came together for example. Maybe youll see some partitioning along those lines. I dont think were going to find all this stuff ends up on a single device be it an application processor nor the temptation to have it integrate on to the baseband because basebands vary as you go throughout the world. Customers are going to want those platforms to be modular so they can adapt their product to different market places.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Luke - Barclays Capital.
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: Rich, just for you. You clarified at the start that you are clearly focused on analog and embedded in the wireless area. Youve got the run rate business of around $3.6 billion and it seems like you were disposing around $350 million to $400 million of it. Could you just give us a sense of what some of the strategic options are there and maybe just remind us of how large, just in terms of framework percentages, your OMAP piece is that you seem focused on of that $3.6 billion? And remind us, I think its somewhat lower this year and maybe when do you expect that business to reaccelerate?
Ron Slaymaker: Let me just kind of go through some of the numbers regarding the strategic options. Roughly and Im not sure this is a third quarter number as much as generally what weve been running last year and maybe year-to-date this year. About  of our wireless revenue has been baseband. Most of the remainder is OMAP application processors although connectivity is part of that as well. Certainly the majority of that, 75% or so, total revenue is baseband.
Richard K. Templeton: Just following up and its not to try to sound too simplistic, but our view on this is really one that when you look at the wireless business you want to get your R&D lined up on things that are going to grow. Things that are going to grow is a unit volume statement to where theyre going to grow actually at unit volumes far greater than the total handset growth. Handset market at $1.2 billion a year has only got certain growth capability left given the size of the planet and the number of subscribers. We want new capabilities that are going to be penetrating in. Thats where Smartphone leads to OMAP leads to connectivity. Those are great things that are going to grow. Weve been doing our best and continue to do today with todays announcement is get your investment focused on that. Then on the things that arent going to grow and make sure youre focused on the most value for them.
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: Two quick clarifications. First, do you remain committed to the non-merchant baseband business or are you evaluating different strategic options there? Given your comment that you wanted to minimize investment there, how is the Motorola customized offering developing in terms of its timeline?
Richard K. Templeton: Simple answer is highly supportive because weve got great customers like Nokia and folks, and youve got to take good care of them including the custom baseband business because its got a lot of years left in it. The fact is the goal in life is not necessarily to just minimize, its to align. What I mean by that is where we have customers that want to do more on a project, we get the right people lined up on it and make sure that we have that adjusted to the revenue opportunity thats there.
Ron Slaymaker: I think the other thing that I just want to emphasize because I know a lot of times whether on this call or just investor questions in general is a question of why dont you get out of the whole thing. The reality is that baseband business especially the custom side of the baseband business has very good profitability and is valuable to Texas Instruments. Thats not saying we cant take some expense out of it and make it even more profitable but this is not something you shut down. It carries a lot of value for TI in terms of its earnings contribution and we want to maximize that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Uche Orji - UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS: Rich, in terms of the timing of this announcement, this is a very tough market environment. [Inaudible] is out there trying to sell their wireless business. For the [inaudible] debt market its difficult so [inaudible] financial buyers or strategic buyers. Its just not a very easy environment to contemplate a deal of this size. Why now and what gives you the confidence in terms of the time you laid out that this can get done?
Richard K. Templeton: If you look at the timing of why now, youve heard us talk for about a year and a half in terms of where the direction was we were going with the wireless business. We just think its at a critical time to make sure we take the next step of focusing the research and development in the right areas. As Ron commented earlier, that includes changing development roadmaps and also considering for sale or putting up for sale that business. I think Ron or Kevin also pointed out that if that doesnt work or theres not an interested buyer in that merchant market chip set business, were prepared to run it well, support customers and also minimize the investment on that front. I think we can handle either outcome.
Uche Orji - UBS: On that topic, obviously youve spoken to everybody involved. What is the feedback from your OEM customers? Is there any preference or contractual or otherwise that would lead that to financial buyer or a strategic buyer?
Richard K. Templeton: Ill minimize any commentary except that obviously when you consider anything like this, you talk to your customers because theyre the important folks in this process. Weve let them know what our thinking was. I think weve also established a lot of credibility over the years to support our customers either directly or by making sure that a sale would be completed successfully. Well continue to operate in that mode.
Ron Slaymaker: With that our hours up. Let me tell all of you thank you for joining us. A replay of our call is available on our website. Good evening.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 17:30:00) =====
Executives:  Ron Slaymaker  Vice President and Manager, Investor Relations Kevin March  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Pitzer - Credit Suisse James Covello - Goldman Sachs Uche Orji - UBS Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Glen Yeung - Citigroup Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities David Wu - Global Crown Capital John Lau - Jefferies & Co. Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers Allan Mishan - Oppenheimer & Co. Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities Steven Smigie - Raymond James Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities Corp. Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners Doug Freedman - American Technology Research
Ron Slaymaker:  Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Kevin March, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today.  For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at TI.com/IR.  This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web.  This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the safe harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for September 9. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. In this call, all of our financial results will be described for continuing operations, including historical comparisons, unless otherwise indicated. In today's call, we'll address key questions such as what is driving the continued weak demand; why revenue and earnings were in the lower half of the ranges that we recently provided at our midquarter update. Also, we'll discuss why our inventory continued to increase this quarter despite our earlier projections that it would decline.  At the top level, we believe the second quarter's results illustrate the significance of the opportunities that we're addressing in Analog and Embedded Processing. Revenue in both of these areas grew sequentially and was up 10% from the year ago quarter.  At the same time, we had some disappointments, notably results landed in the lower half of our range of expectations. This was mostly the result of distributors not replenishing inventory to the level that we had expected. You will recall at the mid-quarter update we said we expected that our sales into distributors and their resales of TI products would both be up a little, and that distributor inventory would remain about even. In fact, resales ended the quarter a little stronger than we had projected while our sales into the channel declined as distributors reduced inventory. The end result was that our revenue tracked below our expectations in June. Let's look at it by product category. Analog revenue was $1.29 billion in the quarter, up 10% from a year ago and up 2% from the first quarter. In both comparisons, high performance analog was the driver of growth. Embedded Processing revenue of $436 million was up 10% from a year ago and was up 4% from the prior quarter. Catalog DSP and microcontroller products were the primary drivers of growth in both comparisons, although communications infrastructure also contributed solid growth. Wireless revenue of $903 million declined 12% from a year ago and was down 2% sequentially. Baseband products were the reason for these declines.  Other revenue of $720 million declined 14% from a year ago. Most of these product lines were down over this period, although I should remind you the decline also included the impact of the sale of a DSL product line in July of last year. Sequentially, other revenue grew 8%, driven by the seasonality of graphing calculator sales, which more than offset weakness in RISC microprocessors. On our website you can find some additional historical revenue data by the new categories. We've included revenue by quarter beginning with the first quarter of 2007.  At this point I'll ask Kevin to review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March:  Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. Gross profit was $1.75 billion in the quarter or 52.2% of revenue. Gross profit was down $35 million from a year ago due to lower revenue. Gross profit was about even with the first quarter although normally would have been expected to be up given the higher revenue level.  The shortfall was due to a number of factors that drove manufacturing costs higher, such as decreased absorption of fixed costs as a result of the lower factory utilization levels that resulted from our reductions in wafer starts in the quarter. Manufacturing costs were also impacted by expenses associated with converting capacity at our DMOS 5 wafer fab from digital to analog, higher costs on commodity raw materials such as gold, and the rate of exchange impact on expenses such as labor in regions where we compensate in currencies other than U.S. dollars. In addition, we continue to incur expenses associated with transferring equipment from our shuttered KFAB factory to increase capacity at analog wafer fabs around the world.  Although none of these items individually was particularly significant, the cumulative effect was noticeable. Operating expenses were down 6% from a year ago and 3% from the prior quarter. Lower R&D expense was the biggest factor in both comparisons. As a result, operating profit for the quarter was $833 million, up $24 million from a year ago and up $26 million sequentially.  Other income and expense declined to $17 million due to a combination of lower interest income and lower earnings from investments.  Income from continuing operations was $588 million or $0.44 per share.  I'll leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release, however let me make just a few comments. Cash flow from operations was $520 million in the quarter, and we ended the quarter with $1.65 billion in total cash. We also continued our share repurchases using $433 million to buy back 14.1 million shares of TI common stock and pay dividends of $132 million in the quarter. Inventory of $1.65 billion at the end of the quarter increased $227 million from a year ago and $73 million from the prior quarter. Inventory days declined to 93 from 94 last quarter. The increase in inventory was primarily due to higher manufacturing costs, as I previously discussed, and the lower than expected revenue in the quarter. Although we reduced wafer starts throughout the quarter, work in process continued to build as previously loaded wafers moved through the production lines and as other manufacturing costs increased.  In addition, about a third of the inventory increase was built to support the upcoming backtoschool season for our Education Technology business. TI orders in the quarter were $3.46 billion, about even with the year ago quarter and an increase of $143 million or 4% from the prior quarter.  Turning to our outlook for the third quarter, we continue to remain cautious relative to our guidance and our internal operating plans given the changing demand environment and the overall uncertain economic environment. We expect total TI revenue in the range of $3.26 billion to $3.54 billion. Earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.41 to $0.47. To summarize, we're encouraged with our progress in Analog and Embedded Processes. We believe these areas will become the primary drivers of TI's financial performance in the years ahead and offer significant revenue and profit growth opportunities for TI.  At the same time, the broader economic environment and its impact on near-term demand have our attention. As a result, we will continue to be cautious in our operating plans and our forecasts until we have better clarity on demand. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow up. Operator?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from John Pitzer - Credit Suisse
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse:  When you look into the September quarter can you give us a sense of what kind of gross margins we should be expecting and how much of the margins in the quarter are going to be negatively impacted by sort of utilization rates coming down in order to control inventory?
Kevin March: John, we won't be forecasting gross margins specifically but I'll give you some other numbers to kind of work with. We've already given the range on revenue and earnings per share. I should mention that we still expect our R&D to be about $2 billion for the year and our depreciation to be about $1 billion for the year, with Capex continuing to be about $900 million for the year, so you can work into the math there what that may constitute on how you model our revenue expectations. But with the continued efforts to reduce our overall inventory, we continue to expect the wafer fabs to be less than ideally loaded, and so that will put some pressure on our gross margin moving forward.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Any targets for inventory exiting the September quarter?
Kevin March: No targets specifically. I would note that the inventory that we just left the second quarter with was higher than desired, roughly in the $100 to $150 million kind of range. We do build our inventory in expectation of what we expect our next quarter's revenues to be, and consequently, with our revenue expectation cautious right now, we have more inventory than we desire to support that revenue expectation at present.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Covello - Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs :  Kind of a follow up to John's question or along similar lines, you commented the last couple of quarters that you didn't want to cut production too aggressively for fear that you could get caught with a shortage if demand snapped back. I didn't hear that on this call. Are we kind of beyond that point and to the point where you just have to be more aggressive in cutting utilization and managing the inventories down?
Kevin March:  Yes, Jim, what we talked about last quarter when we came up with the first quarter earnings results was that we would spend the next two or three quarters working the inventory down in a measured manner.  Frankly speaking, we had anticipated having a quarter lower than what it just closed at. The fact of the matter is it was higher, and it was higher really for a couple of reasons. One was the increase in manufacturing costs as I mentioned earlier that we actually saw roll through the P&L in the quarter, and that's continuing to roll through into our inventory. And the other was that, as Ron mentioned during the call, distribution customers chose to reduce their inventories more than we expected late in the quarter, and consequently our revenue came in below where we thought it would be at, leaving us with more inventory than we expected.  So we will continue to work down the inventory over the next couple of quarters along the lines that we mentioned earlier.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: I guess, you know, a lot of the questions that we're asking here are focused on your internal production. How about the external production in terms of wafer start requirements to the foundries for the wireless business?
Kevin March: As we mentioned during the last release, we had pulled back the loading in the foundries in that point in time to bring those inventories down, because you may recall that we had late demand reductions at the end of our first quarter in the wireless space. We've progressed on that front and have loaded the foundries in order to support our expectation for revenue in the third quarter now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Uche Orji - UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS: Just very quickly, if I look at your Q3 guidance, how shall I expect that to break out between wireless and [inaudible] embedded? Is it fair to assume the wireless will be flatish to down in Q3?
Kevin March: Uche, we don't break our outlook down below the level that we've provided, which is TI. I think you can probably look at the quarter we just reported and note that wireless was certainly unseasonably weak in the second quarter. In fact, it was unseasonally weak in the first quarter as well. But we don't specifically break our outlook down into various product lines. 
Uche Orji - UBS: If I look at this current quarter, can you just give me some more insight as to what happened to mix within wireless, specifically how much of the sales this quarter was 3G and how much was [inaudible] if possible, and any comments on ASB business units. 
Kevin March: Okay, Uche, I can - and when you're saying this quarter I assume you're referring to the quarter we just reported, the second quarter - what color I can provide is that actually very similar in terms of mix as to what we even said we expected at the mid-quarter in that 3G rebounded somewhat from the very low level that we had in first quarter, and the only point I'll make on that was consider that first quarter was very weak specific to 3G.  And then the more legacy products, the GSN, GPRS, and probably EDGE, if you just take those in combination, were the areas that declined both sequentially as well as year-in-year. So again, mix improvement in terms of stronger 3G sales in both comparisons, but at the same time weaker legacy product sales in both comparisons as well.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan.
Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan:  Kevin, you said your outlook remains cautious, but I think on the last call you said you expect utilization rates in inventory to trend down throughout the end of the year. So can we assume that there's going to be a big slowdown in utilization rates in inventory in Q3 or should that spill into Q4 like you guys talked about last quarter?
Kevin March: Yes, Chris, we expect the utilization to continue to decline in a measured way, if you will, again, over the next quarter or so. Fourth quarter is a little bit too far out to call just yet. In fact, it did decline a fair amount in the second quarter as well, and it began to decline in the first quarter although it was fairly modest by the time that happened. And again recall that what drove our inventory increase this quarter, roughly a third of that was Education Technology, which is a seasonal build for the calculator sales, and about a third of that was due to cost growth that we're seeing, and then roughly the remaining third was due to the fact that the distribution customers chose to reduce their inventories unexpectedly in the quarter.
Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan:  And then as a follow up, in terms of the guidance, you know, your leading customers seemed to give fairly positive wireless trend guidance, and you guys seem a little more cautious than that, so can you just give us any hints as to what's going on out there? Is it pricing? Is it share loss? Is it, you know, you expected Motorola to come through in the second half, and they're going to sleep. Can you just give us a little insight there?
Ron Slaymaker:  Chris, I probably can in terms of the second quarter performance, maybe more so than the outlook as I previously discussed. But I think if you look at the quarter we just reported and the decline in wireless revenue, which we'll note certainly was below seasonal, you know, you heard from our largest customer, Nokia, last week. I think our shipments and our revenue, our business levels with Nokia were fully consistent with what you heard from that customer. However, Nokia's not our only customer, and I would just say possibly or most likely the other customers did not fare as well as Nokia in terms of sales of their own products.  As far as share, probably the one caveat I would say is that we've discussed the loss of the 3G program Ericsson mobile platforms. That, as we've said before, we expect to decline until it bottoms out, oh, call it roughly the end of this year, stabilize for about a year before growth returns there on the next generation program that we've won. But that would probably be the one case in terms of a program where there's a share loss consideration for TI. Outside of that one program, we believe that our share is stable at those various customers, and our results really are reflecting the varying performance levels of our customers in their marketplace. Okay, and that's probably about all I can really add in terms of color there, Chris. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:  Maybe, guys, you could talk about order trends in wireless. You said orders picked up, I think maybe [inaudible] versus wireless, order trends picking up, and if you can make any comments as to the makeup of those orders in the distribution channel. I'm assuming those aren't to your OEMs or to wireless. 
Kevin March: Cody, I think you're right. There may be some distribution support of wireless, but for the most part the comments we're talking about distribution are much more broadly based than any particular end segment. I don't know that we made comments on distributor orders previously, but what I can say is distributor orders did increase in the quarter. Our backlog with distributors increased in the quarter. In fact, our book-to-bill with distributors is probably at the highest level it's been in a year. We saw, as we described already, resales increase at distributors even more than what we were expecting back in early June. So everything at distribution sounded good with the exception of, you know, our revenue went down as they reduced inventory.  And so, you know, I don't have a lot of insight as to exactly why they chose to reduce inventory other than the observation that in fact they did and that represents the gap in what we were expecting back in early June and what we actually closed out the quarter. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: I guess the question then is what's in that distribution inventory that they're cutting back? Is it kind of catalog analog? Is it a high-performance analog? Where's the makeup?
Kevin March: Cody, best I can tell at this point is it was pretty broad based, so it wasn't specific to any particular product area in terms of focus on concentration. It was pretty broad based. And just as a reminder, distribution represents about 30% of our revenue. It would be predominantly products such as the catalog DSP and microcontroller products, the high-performance analog products, and the standard logic products. Those are the type of products that we moved.  I can't say it's totally uniform in terms of their inventory actions across those areas, but neither was it concentrated in any single product area.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glen Yeung - Citigroup.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup:  Ron, you make the point that your June month saw slowdown. What's your sense as to how July has been, and are you getting any indications from your customers on direction?
Ron Slaymaker: You know, Glen, probably the best I can say is it's very consistent with the guidance that we're giving. And so, you know, the guidance has the range but generally if you look at the middle of the guidance that we're issuing, it would be flattish in terms of semiconductor, and what we've seen thus far in the month of July would be consistent with that type of outlook.  Nothing that we've seen in July is causing us to question whether that guidance should be moved one direction or the other.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Maybe this is for you, Kevin. To the extent that this is a downturn that lasts a long time here, is there room for you to cut costs, both on the OPEX side - particularly given that you haven't lowered that number for this year and also on the gross margin side, is there still room here for you to tighten up the model a little bit?
Kevin March: Glen, there's always room for us to continue to improve. Let me start with the growth side.  The biggest benefits that we have still coming to us on the growth side is the increase of analog as a percentage of our total mix, especially high-performance analog which, as you know, delivers very generous gross profit margins. And so as we see that mix continue to change and become proportionally larger over time, that will give us a boost, as well as we expect to see depreciation continue to be modest, if not even going down a little bit. The last couple of years our Capex has been - last year and this year, our Capex running below our depreciation. And so it's only natural to assume that depreciation will continue to moderate. In fact, if you look over the last four quarters or so, depreciation's been running - if you added the last four quarters' worth of revenue, depreciation's right about 7% of that and Capex has run about 6% of that, so that gives us a bit more headroom also on the gross line.  On the OPEX line, as we see certain markets changing we will clearly make the changes consistent with the timing of those market changes. And that'll be speaking to like a large program to large markets that may be shifting, where we'll shift resources accordingly or invest in those areas accordingly. So I would expect that the OPEX lines will reflect the changes that we see, and a fairly close timing to any outlook that we have for the respective businesses and the changes for their futures.
Operator: Your next question comes from Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch:  Kevin, the inventory, I'm just curious as to what's in that inventory? And as I look out to the next few quarters, I'm just trying to value the risk of any potential write-downs here.
Kevin March: Srini, the inventory on the custom side is pretty tightly managed. In fact, our biggest custom exposure is on the wireless that you may recall, and we in fact worked quite hard during the second quarter to bring that more in line with our customer demands there. So our view is there is very little risk to the value of the custom inventory. The catalog inventory tends to have very long shelf life, so the only risk there is the timing at which that inventory will sell. It tends to not be too at risk from a price standpoint. It tends to be just a question of when it will actually sell. So we do not foresee inventory valuation risks at our current levels.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: And Kevin, for you again, just a follow up the previous question, I mean, obviously the business has been weak for the past few quarters, but it looks like you're sticking to your expense and depreciation forecast. I'm just wondering at what point would you say, okay, you know, we're going to take another look at R&D and [inaudible] expenses here, maybe resize the business a bit? 
Kevin March: Srini, we talked about in the past what we would do if it turns out that we're dealing with a softer overall business climate than I think people are hoping for, and really what we would do is take advantage of the position that we have, both from a cash position as well as a market position.  In other words, from the cash standpoint if we did see continuing softening going on, we'd probably take the opportunity to go ahead and try to continue to acquisition used manufacturing equipment that we can get much cheaper in an environment like you're describing. And from an overall market standpoint, we'll continue to deploy a sizeable sales force to sell to as many of competitor's customers as well as our own customers as possible.  So we'll continue to be fairly aggressive in our approach to the market.  Now that being said, of course, we won't have our head in the sand. We will be paying attention to cost, and where it makes sense for cost to be removed. Again consistent with changing fortunes for the businesses that we may be in, we'll go ahead and make those adjustments. But right now I don't have anything specific to predict for you.
Ron Slaymaker: But, Srini, let me also just remind you, our OPEX in the quarter we just reported is down 6% from the year ago quarter. So, in fact, those changes are ahead of revenue. Revenue is down 2% over that same period.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC.
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC:  Just a clarification of your answer to Glen's question. So have you seen orders weakening since the end of the June quarter, and is your current run rate at book-to-bill of 1 or is it below 1?
Ron Slaymaker: Oh, David, I don't know that, you know, in terms of book-to-bill, looking at it on a weekly basis is meaningful. What I can is that orders in the month of June declined from what they had been running previously, and you might expect that just by nature of a lot of the distributor business that did not occur was in the form of turns business that we had expected to occur. So with that turns business turning down or those orders not coming in place just as the revenue turned down from our expectations, the orders turned down as well. In response to Glen's question, I was not indicating a trend for the month of June other than saying the orders that I'm sorry, for the month of July - other than saying what we are seeing thus far in the month of July is fully consistent with the guidance that we gave, and the guidance that we gave in the middle of that range would be flatish with what we saw in the June quarter. But I'm not trying to provide at this point, you know, the first three weeks of July trended Direction X or Direction Y. 
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC:  Further on that sort of general idea, then, you're basically cautious on September. Are there any segments that seem to be weaker than others or is your caution broad brush across the board?
Kevin March: David, I guess would just say similar to what we've said before, that we're not breaking the guidance out by individual product lines. Probably the best we could say is look at the quarter's results that we just reported, what was weak, what was stronger, and make assessments that you might on the third quarter based on that. But we won't break our caution or our enthusiasm down into individual product areas.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  You mentioned that your market share was stable outside of E&P and Wireless. Would you have the same comments for Analog, and specifically are you seeing anything abnormal in terms of pricing or competitive action, including in [PCs] into the second half?
Kevin March: And again, you're saying broader Analog, not analog in the handsets, is that correct, Tristan?
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That's correct.
Kevin March: Yes, I don't know that, you know, to be honest, at this point we've seen none of our competitors report, so it's really difficult for us to make an assessment of did we hold share, did we gain share, in Analog overall. So I don't think we're aware of any significant moves that would indicate a share issue. And, again, if you look at our year-on-year grown in Analog, it was up 10%. You probably have an assessment, but I don't know that we believe the analog market is tracking up 10% this year. So I would say the longer-term trends are what you've seen in the past in terms of share gains for Texas Instruments in Analog, but again, I don't have specific data from competitors at this point to provide much substance behind that speculation.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: What's your inventory in weeks at distribution currently?
Kevin March: It's generally tracking between 8 and 9 weeks, as it has been over the last year. What I would say is it's moved toward the lower end of that range with the action that they took in the month of June, but generally it's been tracking 8 to 9 weeks and at the low end of that range currently.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities:  Just a question again on the disti side of things. What are you expectations for your disti business heading into the third quarter, either on sell in, sell through or whatever metrics you can provide?
Kevin March: Ross, we dont have that level of detail to provide on the outlook. What I would say is given they're running on the lean side of their historical trends in inventory, you know, if their resales pick up likely they will need to move inventory in the same direction. But we're not guiding specific to our disti expectations. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: I guess the follow on would be kind of the inventory impact of all that. Even if I back [break in audio] .
Kevin March: Operator, it sounds like we lost Ross, so if - Ross, if you come back into the queue, we'll try to let you in. Otherwise, let's go ahead and move to the next caller, Operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wu - Global Crown Capital.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital:  Ron, can you help me on [this thing]? Because when I look at the products that were strong in the second quarter, they were all distributor related, and yet you had a revenue shortfall in the [inaudible] basis in the month of June. And I was trying to reconcile, you know, why was June so bad, and yet the stuff that were good would all through distribution in the quarter ended in June.
Ron Slaymaker: That's an interesting observation and, you know, all I can say David is that, you know, what that translates to is back in early June clearly we had expected those various areas to do even better than they had. And at least on a resale basis, in fact, they did. But, again, we got caught up in some distributor inventory actions even in those high-growth areas. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: If we finished our inventory balancing act by the end of this calendar year, based on the trends we have seen thus far do you think that gross margin will be sequentially year-to-year higher as we go into '09 because both depreciation will be down and also your mix should be richer.
Kevin March: David, I agree with your assessment that, because we are in an inventory adjusting phase and therefore underloading the factories, presuming that in fact we do see some reasonable upward movement in revenue growth next year, then clearly we will have tailwinds on mix, depreciation and utilization.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Lau - Jefferies & Co.
John Lau - Jefferies & Co.:  I may have missed it, but just to recap on the flex manufacturing model, you indicated that the inter utilization internally has gone down but the outsourcing was supposed to buffer that. Is the internal loading downtick more of a mix issue? And, I guess, the bigger question is: How much flex can you manage with the mix constraints that you have?
Kevin March: John, the loadings with the foundries are primarily on the CMOS or digital wafers. And, in fact, that is where we have flexed our loadings up and down. Our internal loadings and those internal capacities actually remain quite well utilized throughout this period.  It's on the analog side; the analog loadings are the ones that we adjust a bit more to accommodate these changes in demand.
Ron Slaymaker: And John, just as a reminder, so where we use foundries is primarily in those advanced logic areas. Almost all of our analog production is done in-house at TI as opposed to a combination of TI and foundry partners. 
John Lau - Jefferies & Co.: What is the overall utilization rate that you have internally now? 
Kevin March: John, we don't publish our utilization rates. I'll just suffice to say that it has been down for a couple of quarters now as we have pulled back on our factory starts in order to begin to work our inventories back to a more desirable level.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities:  I'm having a little trouble reconciling your outlook for the September quarter, which is barely up on a semiconductoronly basis, and I guess my issue is given that your inventories are sensibly not at the low end of the range within the distribution channel, why guide so far below what would be your seasonal norm here, both in terms of your Wireless business and your core Analog?
Kevin March: Sumit, the reason that we're guiding is really it's a cautious approach to the market. As we described earlier, given the fact that was saw very late and unexpected demand changes late in June, we're using that as just a point of reference to be cautious in now we approach the third quarter.  The backlogs that we have, the order patterns that we've seen, support the range that we've got out there. The distribution, of course, is at the low end of the inventory weeks on hand that Ron talked about. I'm not sure if the distribution customers are going to continue to operate at that level or to increase it. We're not counting on that. Consequently, that all comes together to the forecast range that we've delivered to you.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: And then a separate question as a follow up, on the R&D line, you know, it came down fairly significantly sequentially, you know, down significantly on a year-over-year basis, your restructuring obviously helping. Can you highlight some areas which would allow you to sustain this level of R&D reduction going forward or are the businesses that you're not currently involved in going to require a fairly sustained level of R&D investment at [inaudible].
Kevin March: Yes, Sumit, the R&D is down, as you pointed out, year-over-year, and that's largely a reflection of the change to our advanced lithography development that we announced at the beginning of last year. Now we're working in conjunction with the foundries on that, so we're realizing the reduced expenses on a year-over-year basis there.  Quarterly, our OPEX was down, largely a function of compensation costs coming down.  We have given a guideline of $2 billion for the year, and we're actually right inside that, so we should be just fine at this spend rate or at about this spend rate on the balance of the year. And again, to the extent that we continue to adjust program development costs based upon the outlook for programs that'll have an impact on those numbers going forward, but I don't anticipate at this point in time anything significant to talk about. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers:  Kevin, you talked about shorter lead times. The ability to fulfill with shorter lead times being a factor, could you just frame for us what the shorter lead times are, and if you could also just remind us of how linearity has usually shaped in the third calendar quarter, I believe that would be helpful, too.
Kevin March: Tim, on the lead times, we generally had reasonable lead times for most of products. Some a still a little bit long, but by and large, they're coming in a little bit as we're positioned more inventory internally. And consequently, our customers don't have to carry as much as they may have, and we believe that's part of what we're seeing here. But they have more confidence in us and in us being able to deliver more quickly, as they're well aware that we have ample inventory to meet most of their near-term demand requirements.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: What's the change there, Kevin? It's gone what to what? 
Kevin March: I'm sorry, Tim, the change?
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers:  In lead times, so where are they now?
Ron Slaymaker: Tim, I think if you look at the broad base, you don't see a substantial difference in overall lead times. The cases where we've been able to pull lead times in where probably in areas where there were more, call it, outlier type of lead times. We've been able to get more - those lead times - more reduced consistent with, you know, probably the overall lead times that - I don't know. Probably - we have so many different product lines, probably lead times overall would range anywhere from 6 to 12 weeks, on average. So, again, what we've managed to do is pull in the outliers into that range, and at the same time, we've also notably increased our delivery performance in terms of our delivery schedules and actually hitting the lead times that those customers were expecting.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: For example, where? In saying that, what [inaudible] time, better delivery, where would we point to as being the biggest area of difference on that?
Ron Slaymaker: This is more of an example as opposed to a specific - where the mass of it would occur but, for example, in some of the Analog products, we had some products previously that lead times were out, oh, even greater than 20 weeks which, you know, clearly is not something that we want to sustain on a long-term basis, and we've been able to pull those back into 12-week range. So that would be just an example, Tim, not necessarily a high volume or representing a significant part of our revenue.
Kevin March: The follow-up question, Tim, that you asked was with respect to linearity in third quarter. What I would just say is from a revenue perspective, linearity tends to be - in every quarter, the last month of the quarter tends to be strongest. I guess if I think about it, there's different weightings. In some cases, there's more strength in that third month than there are in other quarters.  I would say it's reasonably pronounced for TI in the third quarter, meaning September's the strongest month. But even there, Tim, think of, you know, we don't have quarters that ship 50% of our revenue. When I'm talking about something being pronounced it would probably be more in the upper 30s as opposed to, you know, a straight 33% across each month of the quarter.  So again, September would be the strongest month but, you know, we're talking a few points off of a straight linearity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities.
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities:  Yes, can you - it looks, again, in terms of the cell phone market caution that you see more weakness in the low, midrange cell phones or just the high-end 3G phones. And with respect to Nokia, do you feel that you have stabilized your presence there in terms of market share?
Kevin March: Krishna, in terms of Nokia, we continue to ship into essentially all of their handsets, so I don't believe at Nokia there has been any noticeable impact on baseband products or application processors in terms of other competitors. And again, you know, what I tried to characterize was that our shipments into Nokia in the second quarter were very consistent with what you heard that customer describe in terms of their business last week with their own earnings release and conference call. If you look outside of Nokia, that's where there's been probably customers that just have not been performing as well in the marketplace. And I think, you know, those customers that reported or will report their own results, and I'll probably just need to leave it at that.
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities: I've been listening to high-performance analog, you know, it's just worked out of an extended downturn or a slowing in the global economy. How do you expect your high-performance analog business to respond under such macro conditions?
Ron Slaymaker: Krishna, I guess what I would just offer there is that we continue in that product line to introduce 400 to 500 new products each year. We continue to expand our sales force on the ground around the world, including our field applications engineers. And between those two things we have been discovering a lot more customers and gaining a lot more share over time. So if the macro market slows down, it's difficult to predict what that might do to our growth rates, but I believe we would still be quite confident that we'd continue to take market share independent of what happens to the macroeconomic.
Kevin March: And, you know, certainly HPA as a marketplace is going to move up or down depending upon the macro environment. It is so well diversified and, you know, even our own revenue in there, the largest segment inside of high-performance analog is industrial. So it's clearly macro sensitive but, again, we would measure on a relative basis versus our peers, despite the overall environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Smigie - Raymond James.
Steven Smigie - Raymond James:  I was hoping you could comment a little bit on the high-volume analog and how you are performing there relative to your hopes of getting that going and just sort of general coming attraction there.
Kevin March: Steve, I would say, you know, if you look at high-volume analog, you know, again, I think our characterization in the current quarter was that - or in the second quarter was that the analog results were driven predominantly by high-performance analog. I think we had, oh, let me just say some small growth in high-volume analog from a year ago, which says that, you know, it's doing okay, but certainly not consistent with where we expect that it has the potential to go going forward.  And, you know, I think as we've talked about, even at our analysts meeting in depth, probably the biggest single marketplace that we believe has the potential to drive that turnaround will be inside the wireless handset where we have been seeing that revenue decline over the last few years. I think you can expect that it is in the process of stabilizing, and then I think what we've described is that in second half '09 is when we expect that wireless handset revenue for analog or for HVAL to move back into growth mode again. And again, that's not based on just wild hope. That's based upon design programs that we have in the pipeline and are well into the execution of. So think of it again, stabilization for awhile and then second half '09 is when that specific thing will turn back into growth.
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: Actually, it's sort of looking for similar color on the 3G, [3.5G] design wins for baseband and apps processors. Is there anything going on there that might lead you to believe that you can have some potential to capture some share in that market or maybe not capture share? Is there any dynamic there that you could comment on a little bit?
Ron Slaymaker: Steve, I think probably the best that I could lead you to on that one is, again, set the Ericsson program aside. Outside of that, I think we're going to perform consistent with our customers. You know, the one new program is the custom 3G program at Motorola, and that'll be 2009 before it moves into production. The program at Ericsson where, again, it's kind of hurting us now but we said will move back into growth mode again, think of that as, you know, second half '09, late '09 before that translates into share gain. So, again, for a period of time we'll move with the marketplace, and then once we get into 2009 some of those new programs at customers will have the opportunity to start translating to - I'll call it above-market growth or share gains for TI in 3G.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities Corp.
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities Corp.: A question one more time on the gross margin front, if we could. You remarked on a few one-time costs in manufacturing that contributed to its decline, and so I guess I'm wondering, with those going away presumably next quarter, how much greater headwind might there be from utilization rates falling? Secondly, are you seeing any increase in your cost of wafer processing with your foundry partners? And finally, how much is the decline in risk revenues contributing to that decline in gross margin and how much further could it fall because of that one factor?
Kevin March: Joanne, let me try to hit the manufacturing cost elements. In fact, we anticipate continuing to see some manufacturing cost increases as we go into the quarter, and really, we talked about a number of different things that are driving that. There's obviously the utilization rate that we talked about, and that will continue to be a headwind as we drive our inventories down some. We had also described the rate of exchange, the cost of certain raw materials such as gold and so on, and redeployment of some of our equipment as we expand our outlook past the internally.  Now we expect those costs to continue. They move through inventory and they make their way into the P&L, so there's about anywhere from an 8 to 12-week lag from when those costs are incurred to when they actually come through the P&L. So those have continued to be something of a headwind for us. On the risk microprocessor, that really is one customer that we're seeing to there, and that is a fairly sizeable decline, partly a delay to a program ramp and also just that customer's outlook in the market which they serve, as they are quite dependent upon certain customers such as financial institutions and so on for their products and that will tend to have an impact on the kind of demand that we would expect that they would put into their products in the end.
Ron Slaymaker: And then, Joanne, on your question about foundry prices increases, an impact that would have, I would say zero. We're not seeing price increases from our foundries. Their prices are still too high, but we're certainly not seeing increases from them. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities Corp.: A quick question on the high-performance analog. Can you tell us how much just high-performance alone grew quarter-to-quarter and then specifically in power management, you've made some strong efforts there. I'm wondering if you could describe perhaps how successful those are looking these days?
Kevin March: Joanne, you're right. Power management has been a great story for TI over the last several years. We expect it will continue to be. If anything, we're intensifying our focus on the power market. In terms of specific growth numbers for HPA, again, with our new breakdown of revenue we're providing specific revenue growth numbers for analog, and we'll use, you know, the trends inside of that between HPA and HVAL to explain the overall analog, but we're not providing growth rates specific to HPA or HVAL on a go forward basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities:  Ron, I'm just trying to understand this. So the book-to-bill was above 1 at disti. Your backlog's higher. Orders are up 4%. So it was just that in June the pools were not commensurate with the bookings and that's why we're getting more cautious with the guidance for Q3, is that it in a nutshell?
Ron Slaymaker: That's pretty close. The only thing I would say is the pools in the month of June, certainly they didn't place orders for what they didn't pull, either, so we saw - I don't know if we saw - I don't know what the disti-specific trend was in the month of June, but, you know, overall orders trended down with the revenue - call it the gap in revenue as associated with that. But basically what you've described is correct.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: So when you guys - at the mid-quarter, the orders were higher on a percentage basis, and now they've come in?
Ron Slaymaker: That's correct, yes.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: And then last one from me, just specific to, I guess, the industry versus TI, this dynamic we saw with the distributors working down inventories, was this more do you think an industrywide phenomenon or was it more being driven by the fact that you've, you know, maybe the distributors have more confidence that your lead times are going to be lower going forward or some dynamic with that? And the last one would just be any region in particular where you saw this occur?
Ron Slaymaker: Mike, I don't, you know, I don't know that we have the insight as to whether distributors pulled back across the board or whether it was more specific to TI. You know, I will say I know distributors are pleased with the delivery performance that they're seeing from TI and certainly we have enough inventory on our balance sheet to support their demand in third quarter on pretty short order, but whether they took just their inventories down more broadly than just TI, I think we probably need to wait until they report their own results for us to be able to say that specifically. Kevin, do you know whether there was any waiting by region in terms of just, you know, did Asia pull back more so than North America or Europe? I don't recall that.
Kevin March: It was fairly broad. Asia being our largest region it was most noticeable, but it was broad across the regions. The only region where we didn't really see it was in Japan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Just going back to you mentioned that you saw a late June decline in selling orders. Did you see that same element for sell through as well, late in June?
Ron Slaymaker: No, Tore, it was the opposite in terms of resale. So let me just kind of repeat what I said in the prepared remarks. When we gave our mid-quarter guidance, I think I even said on that call that we expected both sell in and sell out to be up a little on a sequential basis. And what ended up happening, the sell out increased more than we expected, and our sell into distributors actually declined in the quarter. So there was an acceleration in sell out, and a deceleration in sell in. 
Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: And you talked about the 8 to 9 weeks of inventory at disti, and we're probably at the lower end of that now. How does that compare historically, let's say over the last, you know, 6 to 8 years?
Ron Slaymaker: Tore, I think over the last - if you look at it over that period, we probably, last I looked at it, the longer-term historical inventory level for TI distribution had been closer to 11 weeks, so they had been trending down over a number of years in terms of the level of inventory that they hold. And, in fact, as is evident from our own balance sheet trends over that time period, you've seen more of that inventory move upstream to TI. I think in general that's a trend that we appreciate just from the standpoint of it gives us better visibility. We don't have multiple buckets of inventory all through the supply chain that makes the marketplace more volatile in general. But there has been a trend over the time period you're referring to for our own inventory to increase and our distributor inventory levels to go down.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Doug Freedman - American Technology Research.
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research:  Can we get a little bit of detail on your wireless infrastructure business? I know TI's got a fair share in that market; what you saw and what you expect to see in the back half of the year there.
Ron Slaymaker: Well, I can tell you what we saw, which was growth in both year-on-year as well as sequentially. I think, again, wireless infrastructure is now being described as part of our Embedded Processing revenue category or product category and was a nice contributor to that growth in both comparisons. I think if you look at what we've said is certainly the bigger piece of that pie as well as the bigger part of the growth driver was the catalog products, both catalog DSP and microcontrollers, but we saw very nice growth out of coms infrastructure as well. As you're well aware, we have a very good position there, so it's most noticeably with our digital signal processors and probably most noticeably there or most pronounced in the advance infrastructure such as 3G.  So as 3G deploys, as TD-SCDMA deploys, as any of those advanced technologies deploy in the marketplace, TI will benefit with those deployments.
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: If I could move over to Kevin for a second question, Kevin, looking at the dividend, in the past the company's been pretty quick to increase the dividend. You know, we're still at a low percentage of total earnings. I was wondering what the company's thought is about increasing the dividend and improving the yield here?
Kevin March: Yes, Doug, you're talking about the dividend. We've increased it five times in the past few years to the point now where it's almost five times what it was when we started the dividend increase back in late '04. The Board, of course, has final say as to whether or not there's a change in our company's dividend. As we've talked about in the past, we do look for ways to return cash to our shareholders when we believe we have more cash than is necessary to run or invest in our business, and we do that primarily through stock repurchases and also through dividend. So both of those continually get reassessed and reviewed with the Board on a periodic basis, and I expect we'll continue to review that. I can't predict any conclusions to what those reviews would be at this point in time.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-21 05:30:00) =====
Executives:  Ron Slaymaker  VP and Manager Investor Relations Kevin March  Senior VP & CFO
Analysts:  John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Glen Yeung  Citigroup Cody Acree - Stifel Nicholaus Chris Danely - JP Morgan David Wu - Global Crown Capital Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities Amit Kapur - Piper Jaffray John Dryden - Charter Equity Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs John Lau - Jefferies & Co. Steven Smigie - Raymond James Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley 
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Slaymaker you may begin your conference. Ron Slaymaker Good afternoon and thank you for joining our first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Kevin March, TIs Chief Financial Officer is with me today. For any of you who missed the release you can find it on our website at www.ti/com/ir. This call is being broadcast liver over the web and can be accessed through TIs website. A replay will be available through the web.  This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TIs results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as TIs most recent SEC filings for a complete description.  Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for June 9th. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue in earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. All of our financial results will be described for continuing operations including historical comparisons unless otherwise indicated. In todays call well try to address the key questions that are on your minds. I suspect at the top of the list is whether an uncertain and slowing economy is beginning to affect demand for semiconductors. Well provide our perspective and well also breakdown demand into specific markets that we address and product lines that we sell. Next many of you have undoubtedly noted an increase in our inventory in the first quarter. Well discuss the causes for this build and our plans to reduce inventory in upcoming quarters.  Finally well address questions about the impact that slowing demand might have on TIs profitability and margins. At the top level we believe the first quarters results again demonstrate the progress that we are making in analog and the benefits that a stronger mix of analog products provide to TIs profitability. Notably TI revenue was up 3% from the year-ago quarter while operating profit was up 19%. At the same time unseasonably lower sales into the cell phone market, especially for high end cell phones weighed on our revenue in the quarter. As a result semiconductor revenue was down 8% sequentially.  So lets break it down. As a reminder the sale of our DSL CP product line in July of last year caused the decline in revenue of about $55 million compared with the first quarter of 2007 or a negative impact of almost two percentage points of growth. Since most of these products were mixed signal technologies they mostly affected our application-specific analog revenue over this period although there was also some DSP impact. Analog revenue of $1.32 billion in the quarter increased 6% from a year ago. The increase was driven by another solid quarter of growth in high performance analog which was up 20%. High performance analog or HPA revenue grew strongly in all of the major product categories; amplifiers, power management, data converters and interface. Outside of high performance analog the remaining analog revenue which is comprised mainly of application-specific analog products declined 4% from a year ago. The decline was due to the sale of the DSL product line as well as lower revenue from cell phone applications. There more than offset gains in other areas including hard disk drive, automotive as well as battery management products used in a wide range of portable applications.  Sequentially our analog revenue was down 4%. HPA was about even with the fourth quarter consistent with the seasonal average over the past five years. Beyond HPA the remaining analog revenue declined 7% sequentially mostly due to lower sales of application-specific products into hard disk drive and cell phone applications. Both of these areas are typically down in the first quarter although this decline was more than usual. Even with the below seasonal first quarter our hard disk drive revenue was up over 20% compared with a year ago.  As weve said before we believe analog will be our most important growth driver in the years ahead. To achieve this we need to sustain our out performance in HPA that weve achieved over the past five years. Just as important we also have actions underway that if successfully executed, should accelerate out revenue growth in application-specific analog. The potential for market share gains combined with the higher margins and lower capital investments that characterize the well-run analog business support our belief that we are pursuing what is likely the best opportunity in the entire semiconductor industry. DSP revenue of $1.12 billion declined 3% from a year ago and 18% from the fourth quarter. The declines were due to lower sales into cell phone applications. Outside of handsets our focus in DSP is to address opportunities across a broad range of customers where those customers layer their innovations on top of our DSP platform in the form of software that they have developed. The amount of innovation ongoing with DSPs is tremendous. Although these results often are masked by changes in the much larger handset DSP revenue.  For example, in the first quarter non-handset DSP revenue was up almost 10% from a year ago even with the negative impact that the DSL product line sale had on this comparison. Inside of this revenue wireless infrastructure DSP revenue grew about 16% from a year ago. An example of an opportunity that is small in size today but we believe big in potential is security and surveillance where our DSP revenue was up 63% from a year ago. Total wireless revenue of $1.09 billion in the quarter was down 4% from a year ago and was down 18% from the fourth quarter, well below the average sequential decline of about 5%. You will recall that March we lowered our first quarter guidance because some of our customers had become more cautious about demand for high end or 3G cell phones. Most of the sequential weakness was associated with lower than expected customer build plans where our position is solid. A small part of the weakness was due to the supplier transition underway at Ericsson Mobile platforms that we have discussed before with you and that proceeded according to our expectations in the quarter. As our customers became more cautious our wireless revenue was impacted especially since our semiconductor content is much higher in a 3G handset than in an entry level handset. The 4% decline in wireless revenue from a year ago also reflects a similar mix story. Although we had double-digit growth in unit shipments of digital base bands from a year ago, our total wireless revenue declined as low end units represented a higher proportion of the shipments. Pricing over this period trended normally.  The takeaway is that total unit trends are not particularly relevant today as a predictor of results in the wireless market given the wide range of handset technologies and our varying content within those different technologies. The remainder of our semiconductor revenue grew 6% from a year ago and 2% from the prior quarter. In both comparisons microcontrollers were the biggest factors in the increase.  At this point Ill ask Kevin to review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks Ron and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit was $1.76 billion in the quarter or 53.7% of revenue. This was up $119 million from the year ago as we continued to benefit from higher sales of more profitable analog products and to a lesser extent from higher microcontroller sales. Gross profit declined $170 million sequentially primarily due to the lower revenue level.  Operating expenses were slightly lower from the year ago quarter and up $19 million sequentially as we invested in field sales and customer support especially in emerging regions of the world. As a result operating profit for the quarter of $807 million increased $127 million or 19% from a year ago. Operating profit declined $189 million sequentially. Operating margin was 24.7% of revenue in the quarter up 340 basis points from the year ago quarter and down 330 basis points from the prior quarter. Income from continuing operations was $662 million or $0.49 per share. Earnings per share included a $0.06 benefit associated with discreet tax items in the quarter. Ill leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release. However let me make just a few comments. Cash flow from operations was $641 million in the quarter and we ended the quarter with $1.88 billion in total cash. In the quarter we reduced our holdings of auction rate securities which are based on pools of student loans that are guaranteed by the US Department of Education by $473 million. As of the end of the quarter we reclassified the remaining auction rate securities which have a fair value of $551 million from short-term investments to long-term investments due to reduced liquidity for these securities.  In this process we recognized a $20 million temporary impairment in the value of these securities on the balance sheet that is included under stockholders equity. No write-down has been taken through the income statement as we viewed the impairment as temporary with the underlying credit quality of these securities remaining sound.  In the quarter we also continued our share repurchases buying back 28.6 million shares of TI common stock. Inventory of $1.58 billion at the end of the quarter increased $169 million from a year ago and $160 million from the prior quarter. Inventory days increased to 94. About one-third of the increase in inventory was the result of the unexpected build to plan changes that we received from our wireless customers in the quarter. As we explained in our mid-quarter update that product was already being manufactured when we received the changes so we carried more inventory of this product than we had initially expected at the end of the quarter. Another third of the increase is tied to our changing perspective for demand in the second quarter. When we started manufacturing that product we had higher expectations for second quarter demand than our more conservative view today. As a result we need less inventory to support this expected demand. We began to lower production levels in early March to reduce our inventory at a measured pace over the next few quarters.  Although we could make the adjustments more rapidly we believe it is appropriate in this uncertain environment to move more deliberately to maintain our flexibility to support potential upsize in customer demand should they arise. The final third of the increased inventory was the result of a planned build especially in high performance analog. It was our objective to move this inventory up to enable us to better service our customers and we plan to maintain that at this higher level. TI orders in the quarter were $3.32 billion, an increase of $111 million from a year ago and a decrease of $164 million sequentially.  Turning to our outlook for the second quarter in this economic environment we are approaching the quarter cautiously relative to our guidance and our internal operating plans. This approach is driving our factory loadings and has been used to set our operating expense levels. We chose this approach because it allows us to run prudent operating plans but still have the ability to react quickly to any strength in customer demand. As a result we expect total TI revenue in the range of $3.24 billion to $3.50 billion. Semiconductor revenue should be in the range of $3.08 billion to $3.32 billion. This range represents a sequential decline of 3% to a growth of 4% compared with the seasonal average of about 4% growth for our semiconductor segment in the second quarter. Education technology revenue should be in the range of $160 million to $180 million with revenue likely to more than double as retailers begin stocking for the back-to-school season. Earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.42 to $0.48 in the second quarter.  To summarize we are encouraged with our continued progress in analog. This product line promises the opportunity for sustained market share expansion and revenue growth with higher levels of profitability and lower levels of capital investment than most of our other semiconductor product lines. At the same time we are becoming more conservative about the economic environment and near-term demand. We believe the flexibility that we have built into our manufacturing operations will allow us to adapt much more readily to changes in demand than was historically the case without big swings in our profitability. We also believe a weaker environment may present opportunities for us to bolster our strategic position in the analog market that simply are not available to us when demand is strong. These can range from improved availability of analog engineering resources to purchasing used manufacturing equipment at attractive prices to additional opportunities for targeted acquisitions. Our financial goals remain unchanged and are as follows: grow revenue faster than our markets; grow earnings per share faster than revenue; and continue our efficient usage of capital. In addition we believe that with our improving portfolio of analog and DSP products, TI is capable of achieving gross margin of 55% and operating margin of 30%.  With that let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks Kevin. Operator you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. 
Operator: Your first question comes from John Pitzer - Credit Suisse
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: Just briefly on the calculator guidance going forward how much macro economic headwind have you factored into that? Whats normal seasonal going into the June quarter and how might have you discounted that?
Kevin March: John the normal seasonality is actually to approximately double revenues quarter-over-quarter and the indications that weve gotten from our customers in that product line has been to expect the kind of guidance that we just gave you. So we dont really have that much in the way of macro events factored into that guidance. 
Ron Slaymaker: John I would just say very quickly that tends not to be a discretionary consumer purchase though. Generally if a middle school or a high school student is taking a particular math course theyre required to have a particular TI calculator as part of that curriculum. So again consider it in that vain.
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: And then as my follow-up question just as you look at gross margins for the June quarter and the different mixes of the businesses that make up the June quarter revenue guidance whats the expectation on the gross margin line? Could we actually see modest improvement as you move more towards HPA or given the overall volumes is that going to be difficult to achieve?
Kevin March: John, we dont get into actually characterizing gross margins in our guidance. We just stick with revenue and earnings per share. I would just remind  I think the point that you were probably driving at is that analog does continue and has been continuing to be an increasing portion of our mix. In fact if you look at TI over the last five or six years you can see our gross margins have consistently increased during that period as weve had an improved product portfolio and improved overall execution from a manufacturing strategy as well as our foundry strategy. And thats really the more important directional indicators that we think are happening but within the actual quarter itself, we wont be providing any more detail than what we already have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glen Yeung  Citigroup
Glen Yeung  Citigroup: Kevin a question for you on your comments about OpEx as it pertains to revenue, I think you made the point that your OpEx, youre trying to adjust that based on your expectation for lower revenues. You reiterated your R&D number so should we therefore expect to see your SG&A number for Q2 actually come time?
Kevin March: Glen I think the  what were trying to do is make sure that the overall spending does not get ahead of the change in revenue and from the overall guidance standpoint I believe our R&D for the year is guided at $2 billion and we expect that to be achievable within the year. So beyond that I wont get into more details as to the mix between R&D and SG&A but we have put together plans that actually try to keep the OpEx consistent with what we see as a different revenue environment than we thought three months ago. 
Ron Slaymaker: Glen one other thing Id just point out is with that $2 billion guidance for the year if you look at our first quarter run rate anyway for R&D we were 514 and so with the range that weve given for second quarter I think certainly one of the things that were trying to tell you is that we dont expect R&D to be trending up; if anything maybe slimming down a little bit as we move through the year.
Glen Yeung  Citigroup: On your inventories, can you give us a sense as to what in your inventory are chips that are [fabed] internally by TI versus externally? 
Kevin March: Yes Glen about a third of that inventory growth I mentioned was attributable to the change in demand that we experienced in March in the wireless business and you can pretty much assume that all of those wafers  almost all of those wafers are sourced from foundries. Most of the balance is sourced internally with about half of that balance of course being in the planned build we were doing for high performance analog and then the other half having to do with the fact that our outlook for 2Q is less than we thought at the time we started building that inventory.
Ron Slaymaker: And Glen maybe just another consideration is that with the wireless inventory, a lot of that would be probably be considered custom product and you can assume being custom product we dont want to be carrying a lot of excess inventory so youll see a work to adjust that pretty quickly. Much of the internally manufactured product tends to be more standard product where the shelf life is long and the risk of obsolescence is low and therefore will be moving more deliberately on reductions of the TI sourced inventory.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cody Acree - Stifel Nicholaus
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicholaus: Kevin in your second element of reductions of visibility you said the change in demand since maybe last time we talked on the mid-quarter update, can you maybe give a little more detail as to what visibly has changed? Because then you were talking very specifically about this one wireless customer maybe by in applications or just what is it thats kind of led to this outside of just kind of macro caution?
Kevin March: Cody Id say its probably a bit more on the macro side of things in the context that were seeing our customers be quite conservative in how theyre choosing to manage their inventories and keeping their inventory levels quite well managed. Theyre also not giving us a great deal of visibility and so overall when we assess what the environment looks like, were approaching it in conservative fashion. So theres no one area that we would point to; its more broadly speaking. I would just remind you that coming out of first quarter the high end handsets in the wireless space did come in below what was previously expected so obviously any movement forward from there is from a lower base than what would have previously been expected.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicholaus: And then maybe just in that same vain then the change in orders quarter-to-quarter can you quantify or give some qualification as to how much of that had to do with what weve just seen come out of the wireless space versus maybe what youve seen change in order linearity here just over the last few weeks?
Ron Slaymaker: Cody I would say, theres not a big  there hasnt been a big change in order linearity. So dont view this as deterioration in the last few weeks. In fact if you look at I think for both revenue and orders, basically February was the low point in the quarter and then March actually was the strongest month in the quarter. I think if you go back to the mid-quarter we were just describing at that point what we expected in the first quarter and now is when were rolling that out into the second quarter. I think its safe to assume that even if you just listen to what various customers have described in recent weeks a lot of the same pressures that we saw in first quarter would generally be expected to carry over into second quarter as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely - JP Morgan
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Sorry to harp on the inventory so much but it sounds like youre going to take utilization rates down somewhat in Q2 and youre leaving the door open for the second half of the year. Can we infer that if business doesnt get that much better than you will take them down again in Q3 and can you give us a sense of how much youre going to take down inventory in terms of dollars?
Kevin March: Yes Chris were going to use the next couple of quarters to adjust the inventory levels that were carrying and its really just a function of learning from lessons of the past and that is taking inventory down too hard and then under calling actually demand has tended to hurt our customers in the past and weve done that so were taking a much more measured approach over the next couple of quarters to take down that one-third of the inventory that I was talking about that we had built in anticipation of a stronger 2Q demand. From a utilization standpoint obviously that means well be loading the factories a little bit differently but more than anything, the loads that we put into the factories will be more a function of what our customers begin to indicate to us demand like look like in third quarter and so therefore its a little bit  I wouldnt be being honest with you if I tried to tell you what our utilization rates actually work out to be. 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Yes as my follow-up just to I guess pinpoint you a little bit, you know your average inventory days in 06 were sort of high 70s. Is that what youre shooting for or will you be a little bit higher than that or a little bit lower than that and can you give us a dollar amount of inventory youre shooting for?
Kevin March: Chris, I cant give you either. I can just note that as youve mentioned in 2007 we were in the high 70s I think this time a year ago we were about 82 days. As we see analog and especially high performance analog being a bigger portion of our inventory carrying value, thats what weve been talking about for a few years and theyll be higher than what you might have seen in the year past. But clearly 94 days is not what we were targeting this quarter and we are trying to drive that inventory down.
Ron Slaymaker: Chris maybe a different way to describe it and just let me reinforce what Kevin said, of the inventory that we built about a third of it was a very targeted build in areas like high performance analog. Were comfortable with that higher level. In hindsight about two-thirds of that build we would characterize today as being higher than what we desire. So that may  youd probably come back down into some targeted  targeted is a bad word because itll vary from quarter to quarter depending upon what our demand outlook is. But at least where we would have liked to have finished the second quarter or the first quarter at, thatll give you some means to get to that.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wu - Global Crown Capital
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Kevin can you give a little color on the high volume analog business and the non I guess cell phone business in a miscellaneous bucket. It appears that the only thing that in that products group that was good was microcontroller. Whats happened to the outlook in the second quarter for that bunch of products in your portfolio?
Kevin March: David in the high volume business we actually saw everything come in pretty much as we expected in the first quarter. The only additional color Id give about how the first quarter shaped up was that while we normally see storage products, the hard disk drive products, decline in the quarter. We saw that decline more sharply in the first quarter than we typically see in the quarter. Thats off of a year of very strong growth in that space so that may not be a real indicator that we can use to judge the future with. Looking into the second quarter were really just given guidance that I indicted a few moments ago thats just designed based upon customer input of a pretty conservative outlook based upon an uncertain economy and thats pretty broad across all of our customers and all of our markets. So I dont really have any more color than that to give to you on that space David.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: That includes your better performing high performance analog and microcontrollers?
Kevin March: Microcontrollers is separate from the high performance analog but yes I think inside each of those pieces were going to see some areas probably up and some areas not up as much. But other than that were not going to give a whole lot of color into the specific parts of our forecast just the total sum economic forecast. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Are you where you need in terms of your fab outsourcing mix and was there any meaningful change in terms of how you  the mix of outsourcing and insourcing in the quarter sequentially?
Kevin March: Well the outsource and actually in hindsight with the change in demand that we had from our wireless customers were probably more than we needed, thats the third of the inventory growth that we talked about. So as we adjust for that in second quarter there may be a different, lower mix on that as we bring that inventory back in line. But broadly speaking over a longer term period were very comfortable and actually quite pleased with the mixed internal versus external from a foundry versus internal capacity standpoint.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Are you seeing any change in raw material costs which could impact your gross margin over the next few quarters based on current trends?
Kevin March: Well yes in fact we are seeing changes. I think most people are aware for example that gold prices have moved up quite a bit in the past few quarters and thats an important component in the manufacture of semiconductors. So thats clearly something that is an increasing cost element for us but its one that were managing with the best efforts that we can. Were probably also seeing transportation costs increase given that many of our products ship around the world what with higher fuel costs and so on. But once again we are working to manage those costs in an effective fashion.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: The range you had down three to up four in your semi business, can you just walk us through some of the puts and takes that gets you from one end to the other, if theres anything specific beyond just the macro conservatism?
Ron Slaymaker: Ross I dont think, again in the spirit of not trying to break down our outlook into individual products or above and beyond the assumptions, clearly if the macro economy does better thats probably one part of the range. If it does worse, thats another part of the range. If you look at what have historically been swing elements for TI. Certainly wireless would come into that category but specific assumptions we probably dont want to go into. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: Completely different topic, Kevin on the interest income line, given whats going on with rates, can you give us any color on how we should think about that as that can be a reasonable percentage of your net income?
Kevin March: Yes Ross youll probably notice that was actually down in first quarter versus prior quarters given the Fed significant cuts in interest rates. And short of them increasing those any time soon, I would expect that that trend will continue until we begin to see a change in the Feds posture on interest rates. You add that to the fact that our cash balances were a bit lower than weve had in the past few quarters and those two elements will come together to drive that interest income down some.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: OMAP, can you tell us what that did in terms of year-over-year growth?
Ron Slaymaker: David in terms of year-over-year growth let me start with sequential just to make some general comments. As you might expect OMAP is also  basically we sell two core functions into a 3G handset, the digital base band, as well as the application processor. In some cases we also very well may sell other what we call connectivity products such as Bluetooth or GPS, so all of those would have been affected by the mix that we saw when we went from fourth quarter into the first quarter given just the comments we already made about cuts on the 3G side. That generally is the same trend that we saw from a year ago in that OMAP revenue is down from a year ago and again a lot of the unit growth that we saw from a year ago goes back to the strength in low end units as opposed to 3G.
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: What percentage of your current analog revenues are application-specific analog please?
Ron Slaymaker: The revenue mix and this is probably a 2000 number as opposed to a first quarter number is 45% high performance analog, and that would leave 55% for the remainder and not all, but almost all of that remainder would be considered application-specific analog.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: A couple of questions, the first one Ron or Kevin could you give us a sense of exactly what percentage of your overall DSPs is now non-handsets. Is it about a third? Is that number too high, too low? And in the context of growth per se other than modest infrastructure and surveillance security, what are the growth drivers for that particular business and the growth rates we should be thinking of?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay Sumit about 75% of our DSP revenue is handset. Was that your question?
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Right.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay and then what was your follow-up?
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Well as part of the same question, how do we think about growth within general purpose DSPs, I mean you highlighted a couple of areas which have grown well for you but not general purpose but non-handset DSPs, but what else can we latch onto given that the wireless DSP business has been performing at less than optimal [inaudible].
Ron Slaymaker: In general I dont know how to project growth other than you probably if you look at the market analysts generally probably call total DSP growth which includes the handset business is probably somewhere in the low teens to mid teens type of outlook. I think if you look at  again sort of a forecast only just kind of go back to the data of the current quarter, I said 10% was the year-on-year growth for non-handset DSP. And again that was negatively impacted probably I believe it was about five points by DSL revenue that was DSP that we had in the year ago quarter that was impacted by the sale. So that would say somewhere in the 10% to 15% range is if you look at without DSL over that year-on-year period.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: One of the things that you had talked about, call it a year or year and a half ago, was asked us not to focus on the base band business per se but your increasing share of wallet as it relates to the wireless opportunity, can you update that on how thats progressed and in particular in which particular segment or category those share gains are really showing up because it doesnt seem that obvious to me on the surface?
Ron Slaymaker: Sumit Im not following your question. Youre saying share of wallet meaning share of a wireless handset and your view that that is going up, is that correct?
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: I think one of the things you talked about was despite some share in losses in base band there were other avenues where youd gain share from a silicon content perspective  Bluetooth or wireless plan or what have you or analog content within handsets. Im trying to understand where it at all thats really starting to show up in your financials.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay and maybe you misunderstood me, I wasnt necessarily trying to say we had gained share I was trying to underscore that theres a very significant content difference for TI in a high end or a 3G handset versus a low end handset and Ill be happy to illustrate that. But whether that translates to overall share increase or decrease when you look at share on a dollar basis of overall handsets, will depend largely on is growth more pronounced at the low end of the market or at the high end of the market? But if you consider for example at the low end of the market, probably a typical content for TI which would be an integrated base band type of product probably is in $4.00 type of range on average. On the other hand if you go to a 3G handset, a typical content for TI where we would have the digital base band and an OMAP application processor would be in the $15.00 to $20.00 range and then depending upon our level of participation with functions like Bluetooth or GPS or Wi-Fi, our content can be well above the $20.00 level. But again that will vary handset by handset. So again the point I was really trying to just make was our content in high end or 3G handsets is much, much richer than at the low end and so in a quarter such as we just saw where there was weakened demand on the high end side, that disproportionately affected TIs revenue versus what say the handset units maybe would have indicated otherwise.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Kapur - Piper Jaffray
Amit Kapur - Piper Jaffray: Just in terms of your macro caution, whats your view of channel inventory at analog distributors?
Ron Slaymaker: I think in general to our understanding distribution inventory is in pretty good shape. I dont have it broken down by individual product line but in general if you look at our trends resales grew a little bit sequentially, our shipments into the distributors grew a little bit and inventory may have been up a little bit but with those trends obviously the change was pretty minimal so in general and again this is overall not specific to analog, inventory levels at distributor are in the eight to nine weeks. Generally theyve been in that range probably over the course of the last year or so and we think the distributors are comfortable running at those levels. So again we dont see that as an issue right now.
Amit Kapur - Piper Jaffray: In terms of the commentary that you use further weakness as the opportunity to buy some used equipment, would that be more reallocation of your current CapEx budget or would we see maybe a little bit of an uptick there?
Kevin March: Amit it could be either quite frankly. It just depends on what equipment might come available. Right now we dont have plans to increase our CapEx budget but if an attractive opportunity presents itself, we will not let that budget get in the way of pursuing a good opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Dryden - Charter Equity
John Dryden - Charter Equity: Question on wireless for customers on demand [hub] are price cuts annual by long-term contract or highly variable and is there a difference based on the product that you deliver or the phone tier?
Ron Slaymaker: Probably yes to everything you said. They vary with a lot of different variables. I think time would be one variable. Volume would be a variable. Technology meaning the relative maturity of that technology and that product would be a variable. Generally the price curves are understood by TI and the customer when we engage on a new program and the end result of that is we know the path that we need to follow in terms of cost reduction to be able to support the price changes that weve built into those programs and we just need to invest and execute accordingly to be able to make sure that the margins on those business stay where we believe they would be. 
John Dryden  Charter Equity: Switching to analog FAEs can you provide percent end count increase for 2007, last quarter you gave us the 2006 increase.
Ron Slaymaker: Im looking at Kevin and he has as blank of a look as I do so I guess the answer is we dont have that data here with us John. So I apologize.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: A couple questions; one Im hoping you can give us a little more on capacity utilization in particular do you have room at this point to reduce your use of foundries or are you at your contract minimums if revenue and shipments and wafer [subs] do fall off it really is going to start to hit your gross margin more severely?
Kevin March: Joanne we have a lot of flexibility with our foundries and were well with inside of all the boundary conditions that we are in agreement with them on what we can take from [ins] and access. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: And then on the analog side which hasnt gotten as much attention here today do you still see analog growing this year as a share of your total revenues and what are your  what are you pointing to as the main sources of progress? Is it the high performance analog and within that is it power management and do you need to take share in order to make that kind of progress?
Kevin March: We wont necessarily predict the year but just to show you what weve done so far this year, its I believe if you do the math on what we reported there, about 41% of our semiconductor revenue is analog. Last year I think we averaged somewhere around 40% or so so it continues to increase. And clearly with high performance analog growing as strongly as it has we mentioned earlier up 20% year-over-year and even quarter-over-quarter we would expect that to be an important contributor. The area that were targeting to accelerate the growth even faster is within the high volume analog and weve talked in the past year or so about some adjustments weve done over there from reorganizing some of the efforts underneath that particular area, putting a new management team in place and then pursing new markets with a lot of aggressiveness. So we would hope to begin to see that contributing to the growth as we move forward in time. But over the long haul we would expect analog to be an increasing proportion of our revenue quarter-by-quarter, year-by-year on average over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: First question, relative to handset demand as you think about how you want to manage the inventories down in a very sort of cautious sense, how do you determine if the issues were seeing on the demand side are cyclical or secular and when I say that what I really mean is the replacement rates that we need to have in the emerging markets now to kind of keep us on the same kind of demand trend line need to start to get close to the replacement rates that weve historically seen in the established markets. So is there a risk that were sort of trending down on handset demand because that replacement rate in the emerging markets isnt going to be as good. 
Ron Slaymaker: Jim, I dont know that I mean what youre describing is something that would be considered on a longer term basis but certainly what were seeing here now is continued good demand from the emerging market. The issues that we saw and that were facing in the near-term probably are more at the high end handset which is you can argue whether thats a question of our replacement rates  not in the emerging markets but in the developed markets starting to slow or is it just that consumers maybe not spending as much on a  just from an economic consideration on high end handsets. Or you probably can come up with other theories as well. All we know is that first quarter we saw 3G demand well below our expectations and our customers expectations but Jim Ill also remind you that we also saw a good solid 3G growth in fourth quarter so nothings new in the wireless base. Youll have some quarters that are outside our expectations and other quarters that lag them.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Relative to the customer diversification in share, obviously you referenced the EMP and the impact that had on the numbers this quarter, to the extent that your largest customer is choosing the second source kind of across the board when might that start to show up in your numbers so were not surprised from a modeling perspective?
Ron Slaymaker: Jim I think you have  you probably best ask that customer for in order to get a real feed on it. I think generally the  I think its acknowledged by even the competitors that we face here, the programs at the low end and the mid range that had been expected to be in production this year have both slipped  I believe both of them are now into 2009. In the 3G which is kind of where we saw the softness in first quarter I believe the plan of record is 2010 at the earliest. So again what were seeing here now today has nothing to do with their moves toward supplier diversification. It really has to do with just probably demand changes and responses to that change in demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Lau - Jefferies & Co.
John Lau  Jefferies & Co.: Ron you know youve answered a lot of questions but I think one of the biggest questions that the many investors are worried about is the weakness that youre seeing out there and youve commented a couple of things about order linearity. I was wondering has there been any change in terms of any recent upticks or any characterization of the wireless side and in terms of the analog side, where would be the biggest area of weakness. Just a little bit more color on whats happening up to date.
Ron Slaymaker: Was that question was a change in the last hour since we provided you that guidance John or just  I dont know what to say other than and again we didnt break our guidance down into individual product lines but I would just say that it is what it is and Ill not try to break it out beyond that. Just overall I would say what weve seen thus far in the quarters in the current quarter in terms of orders and revenue trends, are consistent with the guidance that weve provided but let me not make any wireless-specific comments if I can do that. 
John Lau  Jefferies & Co.: And touching on, I know the wireless is a sensitive topic, but in the analog area what was the area of greatest weakness or is it pretty broad based right now?
Ron Slaymaker: What was the area of greatest weakness in analog youre asking?
John Lau - Jefferies & Co.: Yes. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay well probably the greatest weakness is the revenue that was lost associated with the sale of our DSL business from year-on-year basis. Wireless also was down year-on-year. Sequentially and I think we said these in our opening remarks the two areas would be both cell phones and storage products which both were down I think we commented that its typical for them to be down the first quarter but I would also describe both as being down more than what you would normally expect in a first quarter. So and then also to offset the weakness comments - or to balance those weakness comments let me remind you high performance analog again up 20% from a year ago, even sequentially and even is about the seasonal norm for high performance analogs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Smigie - Raymond James
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about market share and analog now that 2007 is concluded where you think you wound up in sort of the major analog categories there?
Ron Slaymaker: Well I believe we think we gained, or we know we gained share according to the WSTS report. As you might suspect the standard category is high performance analog is where it would be most pronounced. I dont have for you the breakout by product category such as power or amplifiers or whatever. Im sure youll plan to be our Analyst Meeting in a few weeks and I suspect well have that level of granularity there. But I dont have it with me here today. On the application-specific side of analog, I dont know relative to the market what our growth  how our growth compared. I will say were not satisfied with our growth in application-specific. As Kevin indicated before thats an area where we are absolutely convinced we can do better in terms of growth rate and were working hard to make that happen.
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: Along the lines of the ASSP stuff there, youve been talking for a little while about taking actions to increase the growth there. You talked about it a little bit more today. Can you talk a little bit about the actions that youve been taking most recently and do you think the lack of growth here is just again the macro environment weakening or is there just  you havent had the guys in the right places and when you might expect that to start taking off?
Ron Slaymaker: No I think there are some TI specific opportunities for us to accelerate that growth. Were not just going to play victim to the market or to the economy. A few examples; one hard disk drive, printer markets we have a very strong presence and market share but there are other areas where we believe were significantly under penetrated. Some examples would be wireless, believe it or not on the analog side we are under penetrated. Automotive and consumer. So one of the actions that weve taken just organizationally, instead of having kind of a large application-specific analog functional team as in one big R&D center, weve basically broken it down into smaller teams. More focus accountability and focus specific to those markets that Ive mentioned, theres a lot of activity underway also just to improve R&D efficiency from the perspective of reusing intellectual property for those application-specific projects either that might have been originally developed in high performance analog or elsewhere inside TI. So and I dont want to try to be overly anxious from the perspective that we know that those kinds of changes are going to take time to translate into revenue and revenue growth but nonetheless we believe the opportunity is really significant for TI and we think were doing the right things there so stay tuned Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: In your guidance youre inferring a flat semi quarter in a quarter thats usually up and the wireless industry is guided for the second quarter by your biggest customer to be up mid single-digits in a quarter where they would expect  theyre expecting to take market share so one would have inferred that you would have had a sequential improvement in the wireless business which youre essentially saying is not happening because youve got to work through this inventory. I guess the question is, is it better to suggest that the wireless business and the analog business would be expected to be below seasonal or where the weakness is somewhat evenly balanced or is it essentially more over wireless this year?
Ron Slaymaker: I guess Ill have to just reiterate that we dont break our guidance down by individual product areas Tim. I think youre right that the assumptions that you listed off, generally I would agree with. The middle of our semiconductor range would indicate it would be a [inaudible] even from the fourth quarter. The only thing when you talk about a customer reflecting an outlook of up mid single-digit sequential growth in second quarter I believe youre talking about units again. And for all the reasons we just spend a lot of time talking about you have to be really careful trying to translate units to revenue because mix will matter an awful lot in terms of how that affects TI revenue. So again I think what weve tried to reflect is that were taking a more conservative view on the second quarter and demand and Ill probably just leave it at that.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Just as a clarification is there any impact of the more subdued customers commentary on the lead times that theyre expecting from you and as part of that also you had an unusually strong other semiconductor segment first quarter. Its usually down, it was up. Could you just give a little bit more color on why it was up and is there anything there that we should expect going forward to continue?
Ron Slaymaker: Im sorry the part you just said about  Im not sure, what were you saying was up in the first quarter?
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: The revenue bucket that is other semis 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, so as you might guess with the inventory that we inadvertently build in first quarter associated with wireless lead times for those specific products are short but I dont know that that affected our revenue expectations in terms of demand but certainly if we get surprised to the upside whether its wireless or whether its any area within semiconductor given the inventory build that we just accomplished in the first quarter you can assume were probably going to be pretty well positioned to support those upsides. On the other product category that you noted where we saw a lot of growth, youre right it was mainly driven as we noted by microcontrollers. Weve got really a pretty sweet little business inside of there. Theres a product line called the MSP 430. It is an ultra low power microcontroller that is  its a catalogue [product] and its just finding its way into lots and lots of new applications. And were optimistic this isnt a comment about second quarter but were just optimistic in general, about where that product line can go. You probably havent heard us talk a lot about it in the past, but it has a great opportunity ahead of it and were going to ride it for all its worth so stay tuned on that one as well. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: If you look at the press release the first paragraph talks about how great the analog business was and the second paragraph talks about wireless not being so good and Im trying to understand how strategic is the handset based band DSP business. Could you review the framework that youve been using over the last several years to make decisions about divesting businesses like the sensors and controls business and whether or not that same framework could be applied to other large businesses and whether or not the handset based band DSP was considered to be strategic or exempt from that kind of a framework?
Kevin March: We really dont discuss any topics about acquisitions or divestitures of a specific nature but youre talking about in the past and portfolio tuning and stuff that weve done, theres a couple of things that have impacted and will continue to impact our margins; analog becoming a bigger portion of our total mix of revenue. The fact that our CapEx has been down and continues to be down so weve got moderating depreciation so therefore as revenue grows fixed costs get spread over more products. And then of course one of the things that we look at is portfolio tuning from time to time such as you referred to. From a tuning standpoint as you mentioned we sold the sensors and controls business about two years ago now. Weve also within semiconductor divested our DSL business last year; our LCD business a couple of years ago. We keep looking at opportunities like that but its really a question of not only how theyve been doing in the past but our perspective on their prospect for the future. And youve been hearing us talk a lot about analog and DSP being important to our future and I think that can kind of take you to how important we see DSP in that total portfolio to the business that we see today and going to the future.
Ron Slaymaker: Mark, let me make just a couple of comments. I think Kevin certainly addressed the acquisition consideration but just the importance of base band. It is important. Its a big part of our revenue today and we have customers that place significant value on what we can bring to them in terms of developing specifically custom products and engagements whether it be Nokia, whether it be Motorola that weve discussed where we have a major 3G custom program or even in the case of Ericsson Mobile platforms where we have new design wins in place that in those cases will ramp revenue for TI in 2009. That being said as you see customers probably shift more over time toward standard products in the form of their modem function or the digital base band, actually the best opportunity that we see and in fact our strategy more and more in wireless will be led by is the OMAP application processor. And I dont think I need to convince you the fastest growth category inside of cell phones is Smartphone and more and more you hear customers talk about the importance of applications and services and how more of their own R&D investment is getting focused on those functions as opposed to connectivity to the network and thats all about the application processor in terms of what will lie underneath or what will provide that capability to the customers. And I think theres no other way to describe TIs position in that market other than we have an elite position with our OMAP application processor and thats where we are here now today. Were on the third generation of the technology. We have engagements I believe its with all five of the top five handset OEMs. There are even customers we have in that space that might be using for whatever reason a modem or a base band from another supplier but they realize that where theyre truly trying to differentiate their handsets with the multimedia and application functionality, theyre engaged with TI on OMAP. So we think thats a great opportunity and more and more youre to see that move front and center over time as that opportunity just gets bigger and bigger over time.  Before we close up, let me remind you that on May 8th and 9th we are holding our financial analyst meeting. I realize that many of you are already registered and I thank you for that. If you have not yet registered and plan to attend, please do that as soon as possible. Thank you for joining us tonight. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-22 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker - Vice President ofInvestor Relations Kevin March - Senior VicePresident and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch Joanne Feeney  FTN Midwest Allan Mishan - Oppenheimer Sumit Dhanda - Banc of AmericaSecurities John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers Glen Yeung - Citi Chris Danely - JP Morgan Doug Freedman - Amtech Research KrishnaShankar - JMP Securities Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank David Wu - Global Crown Capital Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Steve Smigie - Raymond James John Dryden - Charter Uche Orji - UBS
Operator: At this time, I would like towelcome everyone to the Texas Instruments Fourth Quarter and 2007 Earnings Call.(Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Slaymaker, you maybegin your conference. 
Ron Slaymaker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Good afternoon. Thank you forjoining our fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Kevin March, TI'sChief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed therelease, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcastlive over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will beavailable through the web. This call will includeforward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TI'sresults to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourageyou to review the Safe Harborstatement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI'smost recent SEC filings for a complete description. Our mid-quarter update to ouroutlook is scheduled this quarter for March 10. We expect to narrow or adjustthe revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. Inthis call, all of our financial results will be described for continuingoperations, including historical comparisons unless otherwise indicated. In today's call, we'll try toaddress the key questions that we believe are on most of your minds.Specifically, we realize that while many of you are excited about the analogopportunity for TI, we are also concerned about topline growth and the impactthat changes in the wireless market might have. We'll provide some data points anddiscuss where we're taking our wireless product lines strategically. In addition, many investorsfrequently ask about profitability and whether our margin goals of 55% grossmargin and 30% operating margin are still intact? We'll address our financialgoals and our progress toward these goals in this call. Finally, the economy and broadermacro issues have been top of mind for many of you recently. We'll share ourperspective on the overall environment and how we're addressing the uncertaintyin the environment. At the highest strategic level, we are excited about ourposition in the semiconductor market as analog and DSP are in the heart of themost exciting applications. Fourth quarter saw a return ofyear-on-year revenue growth, and most importantly, growth in the right areas,areas where we are being paid for our innovations and our value contributionsto our customers. As a result, profitability continues to move up and towardour financial goals. Operating margin for the year crossed 25% for the firsttime in our history and hit 28% for the quarter. Probably most telling of whatwe've accomplished is cash flow in 2007, more than $4 billion of cash outflowfrom operations for the first time. This reflects the comprehensive gains we'vemade in improving our product portfolio, as well as executing this into abetter mix of opportunities and revenue. Cash flow, along with return oninvested capital, which exceeded 25% for the year also reflect the improvementswe have accomplished in our manufacturing operations to invest where we get thebest long-term return. I'll now review our revenueperformance, and then Kevin will discuss profit performance and the firstquarter outlook. As usual, we will keep our remarks short, saving time for usto respond to your questions. Revenue in the quarter was justbelow our expectations. Wireless, which was the primary reason for the smallincrease in our mid-quarter revenue range, delivered as expected. On the otherhand, our distributors did not replenish inventory very late in the quarter, aswe had been expecting them to. Semiconductor revenue was abouteven with the third quarter and calculator revenue declined seasonally.Although the net effect was a 3% sequential decline, it's important to notethat revenue grew 3% from the seasonally comparable year ago quarter. This wasthe first quarterly year-on-year growth for TI in a year. Wireless, once again, became acontributor to our growth in the fourth quarter. Wireless revenue of $1.32billion in the fourth quarter increased 9% from the year ago quarter and was up5% sequentially. The biggest factor in this growth was 3G handsets, whererevenue was up double-digit levels in both comparisons. Wireless infrastructure was alsoup strongly, more than 20% sequentially and year-on-year. As the wirelessmarket continues to change and as competition continues to build for digitalbaseband, we are encouraged that handset OEMs are continuing to emphasize theimportance of user interfaces and applications in their handset product lines. These smartphones were thefastest growing segments of the handset industry last year, and most of themuse applications processors from TI. We have a strong position with OMAP and agreat opportunity. As a result, OMAP will become increasingly important to TI'swireless strategy in the years ahead. Overall DSP product revenue grewto $1.36 billion, up 4% sequentially and 12% from a year ago. Wireless handsetsand communications infrastructure were the biggest drivers of the DSP trend. Outside of wireless, our DSPstrategy is to focus on opportunities and applications where our customersinvest R&D in software that runs on our architecture. Our experience isthat when customers invest in software, our relationships with those customersare strategic and long lasting across multiple generations of their products aswell as profitable. Analog product revenue grew to$1.37 billion in the quarter, a 2% sequential decline and 4% growth from a yearago. The sequential decline in analog revenue is mostly attributable to thesale of our DSL CPE product line last quarter. This product line was acombination of analog and DSP products. High-performance analog was up 1%sequentially and grew 12% from year ago. High-performance analog growth wasmostly driven by power management as well as precision and high-speed dataconverters and amplifiers. Outside of HPA, the mostsignificant area of strength in analog was products sold into the hard diskdrive markets. We believe that analog will be our most important growth driverin the years ahead. We're pleased with our growth andcontinued share gains in high-performance analog, and we're investing tobroaden this growth into the application-specific analog area. We are makinggood progress in targeted areas such as medical electronics that we believe candrive growth in both high performance as well as application-specific analog. From a top-down perspective, theopportunity in analog is encouraging. At $37 billion, analog is one of thelargest markets in the semiconductor industry. Although we are the marketleader in analog, we only have about 13% share. As a result, we believe we havea substantial opportunity for sustained growth in excess of the analog marketgrowth rate for many years ahead as we continue to build share. Investments in our productportfolio, our analog manufacturing capacity and the scale of our field salesand applications customer support will be the primary drivers of this sharegain. The remainder of our fourthquarter semiconductor revenue declined 2% sequentially as lower DLP revenuemore than offset gains in microcontrollers and royalties. From a year ago, thisrevenue was down 14% as declines in DLP revenue, royalties and RISC microprocessorsmore than offset growth in microcontrollers and standard logic. For the year, overall, TI revenuedeclined 3%. DSP revenue of $5.07 billion declined 2%, driven by the sale ofour DSL CPE product line and broad declines across a number of markets,including wireless. Analog revenue of $5.29 billionincreased 1% as growth in high-performance analog more than offset lowerrevenue from custom analog products sold into wireless applications. HPA revenue grew 9% and was about45% of total analog revenue in 2007. Wireless revenue, including both DSP andcustom analog products, sold into wireless handsets and infrastructureapplications declined 3% to $4.91 billion in the year. And at this point, I'll ask Kevinto review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon,everyone. Profitability was a good story last quarter and for the year as ouroperating margin continues to move upward toward the 30% level that we believeour portfolio should be capable of delivering. Let's start with the gross profitof $1.93 billion in the quarter. This was a sequential decline of $58 millionthat was mostly due to the seasonal $85 million gross profit decline in oureducation technology segment. Please keep in mind that the third quarter'sgross profit also included $39 million gain from the sale of our DSL CPEproduct line recorded at corporate level. Semiconductor was a bright spotfor gross profit in the fourth quarter. Although our semiconductor revenue wasabout even with the third quarter level, gross profit increased by $55 million.When compared with a year-ago quarter, TI's gross profit expanded $178 millionon $93 million increase in revenue. These trends reflect bothimprovement in our product mix as faster growth occurred in more profitableareas of our analog and DSP product lines as well as lower manufacturing costs. TI's gross margin at 54.2% in thequarter also reflected these product mix and cost improvements as gross marginwas even with the third quarter and increased 370 basis points from theyear-ago quarter.  Lower operating expenses alsocontributed to our operating margin expansion. Total operating expenses of $930million in the quarter declined $41 million sequentially and decline $51million from the year-ago quarter. Both R&D and SG&A expenses declinedin both comparisons. As a result operating profit for the quarter of $996million declined $17 million sequentially and grew $229 million from the yearago quarter. Operating margin of 28% increased40 basis points sequentially and increased 590 basis points from a year ago.Income from continuing operations was $753 million or $0.54 per share. EPS was$0.02 higher than the third quarter and $0.09 higher than the year ago quarter.EPS in the fourth quarter included $0.01 discrete tax benefit. EPS in the yearago quarter included a $0.05 tax benefit from the reinstatement of the FederalR&D tax credit. I will leave most of the cashflow and balance sheet items for your review in the release. However let memake just a few comments, cash flow from operations was $1.42 billion in thequarter, and we ended the quarter with $2.92 billion in total cash. We alsocontinued our share repurchases, repurchasing 57 million shares of TI commonstock. Inventory of $1.42 billion at theend of the quarter decreased to $32 million, although days of inventory werethe same as last quarter. Depreciation was $253 million in the quarter, andcapital spending was $181 million. TI orders in the quarter were $3.48 billiona decrease of $75 million due to Education Technology seasonality. Semiconductor orders were abouteven with the third quarter. Our semiconductor book-to-bill ratio was 0.98 inthe compared with 0.99 in the third quarter and 0.89 in the year ago quarter. Before I turn to the firstquarter outlook, let me make a few comments about the year. Profitability gainswere significant, with higher margin products grew to be a more significantpart of our portfolio, as we continued to reduce manufacturing costs and as wecontinue to tightly control operating expenses. Gross margin was 53% for theyear, 210 basis points improvement from 2006. Operating margin expanded 170basis points to 25.3%. Our capital efficiency continued to improve due to ourmanufacturing strategy and it was focused both on increasing our response basefor customers and generating significant long-term returns to our shareholders. As a result of this combinationof higher profitability and higher capital efficiency TI generated significantcash flow from operations exceeding $4 billion for the first time ever. Webelieve this reinforces the importance of our analog focused strategy. Returnon invested capital exceeded 25% last year making this our sixth consecutiveyear of increasing return on invested capital. Turning to our outlook for thefirst quarter. We expect total TI revenue in the range of $3.27 billion to$3.55 billion. Semiconductor revenues should be in the range of $3.20 billionto $3.46 billion. Education technology revenue should be in the range of $70million to $90 million. Earnings per share are expected to be in the range of$0.43 to $0.49 in the first quarter. For the year, we expect R&D expensesof about $2 billion down from $2.15 billion in 2007. Capital expenditures should beabout $900 million up from $686 million in 2007. Depreciation should be about$1 billion about the same as 2007. Our annual effective tax rate in 2008 isestimated to be about 31% up from 29% in 2007. The tax rate is based on currenttax law and does not assume reinstatement of the Federal R&D tax credit,which expired at the end of 2007. The impact of the loss of thistax credit is that our tax rate would be about 1.5 points higher that wouldotherwise be the case. In the first quarter this translates to about $0.01 EPSimpact. If the tax credit is reinstated during 2008 as we expect and if it isretroactive to the beginning of the year, as has been the case in the past.Then we would make a cumulative adjustment in the quarter on which the law wasreinstated. To summarize we are encouraged bythe progress that we made in 2007 on multiple fronts. First revenue is growingagain. Although we cannot allay all of your long-term concerns on our wirelessoutlook in the years ahead, this market and product line has been a contributorto year-on-year growth in the fourth quarter and we expect it to contributeagain in the first quarter. Second we are especially proud ofthe continued improvements to profitability that our product portfolio isgenerating. Our products provide significant and increasing value to ourcustomers and this is evident in the gross margin trends that are resulting. Finally we believe that analogwould be the most important growth engine for TI's revenue and earnings in theyears ahead and we are investing [in it] quarterly. We made significantprogress in strengthening our focus on analog in 2007. This includes higher levels ofR&D investment in these product lines. It also includes more sales andapplication support to our customers for these products; both in developedregions, as well as emerging regions around the world. We also furtherstrengthened our capability to manufacture analog products. While we increase our focus onanalog manufacturing we will increase the outsourcing of our advance digitalproducts. While we realize that there is significant uncertainty in theeconomic environment, we believe we have established a flexible manufacturingoperation that more readily adapts to changing market conditions than has beenthe case historically. We are also being prudent withour spending and capital investments given this uncertainty. At the same timewe believe our customers and distributors inventory levels remain well managedand are currently lean and our near-term demand trends are good. Our financial goals remainunchanged and are as follows; grow revenue faster than our markets, growearning per share faster than revenue, and continue our efficient usage ofcapital. In addition, we believe that with our prudent portfolio of analog andDSP products, TI is capable of achieving gross margins of 55% and operatingmargin of 30%. While we certainly have room for continued improvement, we areconfident that we are on the right path. With that, let me turn it back ofRon.
Ron Slaymaker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thanks Kevin. Before our closingremarks, I'll ask the operator to now open the lines up for your questions. Inorder to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask yourquestions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, wewill provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comesfrom the line of Srini Pajjuri from Merrill Lynch.
Srini Pajjuri : First on the [distri] inventoryfront, you said this is a cut back in inventories. Just wondering if thatswith respect to any region or any end market?
Kevin March: Sri, I am not aware that it'sspecific in any product line market or region. I simply dont have that data. Ijust know overall distributors pulled back from what we were expecting verylate in the quarter. In general, if you look at the trends in and out ofdistribution, sell-out or resales ended up increasing sequentially a littlebit, whereas our revenue, our shipments into distributors held about the sameas what we did in the third quarter. So the net, the in and out was a small declinein inventory in the quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: Did you have follow-on throughSrini?
Srini Pajjuri : Yeah, just a follow-up on thegross margin front. Looks like if I look at your EPS guidance and if I take themidpoint, you're assuming that the gross margin are going to come down at leastabout a 100 basis point. Im just wondering if this is all volume related oranything to do with the mix or pricing here?
Kevin March: Yes Srini. You may recall that wehad discussed at beginning of the year that we would discontinued manufacturingin one of our older digital fabs here in Dallas, called KFAB, and we havestarted this quarter to ahead and move that equipment from KFAB into otheranalog factories, and there will be expense associated with that plus lostproduction as we don't use that equipment while we are moving them.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Srini. Thank you for yourquestions. Lets move to next caller please?
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Joanne Feeney with FTN Midwest.
Ron Slaymaker: Joanne, are you there?
Joanne Feeney : Yes. Can you hear me now?
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, we can. Please proceed.
Joanne Feeney : Sorry about that. Im wonderingif you could elaborate a little bit on the economic outlook. So youve seeninventories a little bit thinner than normal, Im wondering if you see adifference in the wireless outlook versus you digital prospects for the year,and has your visibility changed much from what's typical this time of year?
Kevin March: Joanne, I'll take a crack thatand then Ron can add some color. I think from the indication were getting fromour customers, the demand remains good. We are seeing the same kind of orderpatterns that we've seen in the past, in other words we are not seeing extendedorder patterns as evidenced by our book-to-bill being at or slightly below one.
 :
Ron Slaymaker: The only thing if I would add is,just kind of reiterating what we said in the prepared remarks, that in thefirst quarter we also expect wireless to be a contributor to the year-on-yeargrowth. So, beyond that we probably don't have any specific color to add interms of particular composition of our outlook. Do you have a follow-on,Joanne?
Joanne Feeney : Yeah, a quick one. On the capitalexpenditure, you mentioned last time and then again today that you're focusingon the test and assembly investments. When do you see that sort of comingonline and contributing to your gross margin expansion?
Kevin March: Yeah, Joanne we have beenactually adding on to our assembly and test operations for probably a couple ofyears now at a significant level versus what we've historically done. Andthat's largely a reflection of the fact that, as we gain more and more analogshare, we're shipping considerably more units than we ever had in the past. Tosupport even further expansion on that, we announced in the summer that we havebroken ground on a new assembly test factory in the Philippines,and we expect to actually start putting equipment in to that factory late thisyear, and so we'll see that beginning to be able to also support us. So I thinkthat it's already being supporting the growth in the gross margins that youasked about and it will continue to do that as we move forward.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Joanne, thank you for yourquestion. Let's move to the next caller please.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Allan Mishan with Oppenheimer.
Allan Mishan : Hey guys. I was wondering if youcould tell us how much of the decline in R&D is due to the manufacturingstrategy shift, and what is happening to product R&D, and if you canelaborate in any specific area that would be helpful.
Kevin March: Allan, most of the R&Ddecline has been on a year-over-year basis and in large part due to this shiftthat we've got underway that you just alluded to having to do with our processtechnology development, and actually sequentially a good portion of that wasthe effect of the change in the restructuring action associated with thereductions in force that we took with that action. We're actually increasingthe proportion of our total spend in to the analog space in order to continueto improve on the offerings that we have there both in the high performanceanalog as well as in the application-specific analog.
Ron Slaymaker: You are following, Allan?
Allan Mishan : Sure. Does your guidancecomprehend any unit share loss at Nokia from the low end?
Ron Slaymaker: Allan, we are not going to talkspecifically about expectations on a customer-by-customer basis. So, I thinkwhat Nokia would like to share about when they're going to ramp particularsuppliers probably would be up to them. But, in general, we have a greatrelationship with Nokia, and we expect that to maintain so in the years ahead.So, let me just leave you at that. Thank you for your questions, Allan. We'llmove to the next caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Sumit Dhanda with Banc of America Securities.
Sumit Dhanda: Hi, Ron and Kevin. Just as afollow-up on that, I know you don't want to discuss specific customers, butjust allude to what you'd said last quarter when you said that there would be,at least, a couple of quarters of share losses at EMP. Could you give us anupdate on that and how that's factored into your thinking, as it relates toyour Q1 outlook? And then, as it relates to that, is the offset, if there isone, just to better mix the wireless in Q1?
Ron Slaymaker: Right. In the case of EMP, Ibelieve that company and another supplier had issued a release saying that thatother supplier had picked up a 3G program. I think in our case we first startedtalking about that in July, and that it would have impact on our revenue startingthird quarter, but probably fourth quarter was the bigger decline. We also characterized that we expectedseveral quarters of sequential declines as that supplier continue to ramp andthat remains the case today. So, yes, that is comprehended in our first quarteroutlook. But as I said, we do expect our wireless to be up on a year-on-yearbasis in the first quarter. That comprehends EMP and that specific program, butalso certainly our other large customers as well. Okay. And did you have afollow-on question?
Sumit Dhanda : Yes, I do, Ron. Just onequestion. The impact of the DSL business, could you quantify that? And, ofcourse, related to that, your ASSP business is down in 2007 in aggregate, doyou expect a reversal of that trend in '08?
Kevin March: Yes, Sumit, on the DSL, you mightrecall that that business, when we sold, it was about a $200 million annualrevenue business. And we sold that early in the third quarter. So, you can kindof compute there what the approximation as to what the sequential revenueimpact was from that sale. And your second point was on application-specific?
Ron Slaymaker: No. DSP revenue being down in '07and what our expectations would be in '08? Sumit, let me just take a stab atthat. In general, our DSP revenue was down in '07. As you noted, that wasdriven primarily by wireless. Our outlook for '08, we give it to you on aquarter-by-quarter basis. So we probably don't have anything to share otherthan the comments that we provided with respect to first quarter. Okay, Sumit. Thanks for youquestions. And let's move to the next caller please.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer : Good afternoon, guys. Justquickly on the December quarter, DSP revenues up, analog revenues downsequentially, but gross margins up a bit. Is that all due to some of thedivestitures from Q3 to Q4, just help me understand that dynamic?
Kevin March: John, there is a couple ofdifferent things in there. Certainly, the mix of products is an importantcontributor to that, as we saw overall analog, especially high-performanceanalog, which did grow sequentially and become a bigger portion of our mix andthose are higher margins. In addition, we discontinued some manufacturing inthe KFAB, as I mentioned earlier, and that takes some of the manufacturingexpense as we bring that down. Of course, that's offset, as Imentioned earlier, by the fact that we'd be having some expense in moving thatequipment into other factories in the first quarter and put that back inproduction maybe this year.
Ron Slaymaker: Is there a follow on, John?
John Pitzer :  Yes. Quickly, can you guys helpme understand the lifecycle of share gains within the analog space? I mean, ifyou look at throughout '07, our calculations was might be wrong. We have yougaining about 50 to 75 bps of market share. What's your expectation as you movethroughout '08?
Kevin March: When you are talking aboutlifecycle or share gains, I'm not sure, what's your --.
John Pitzer : Basically, given the product lifecyclein the analog, how long do you think it takes to gain share and sort of whatkind of expectations? I think you talked about 13% of the overall market inyour prepared comments. Where might we be in 12 months?
Ron Slaymaker:  Okay. I think share gains in theanalog market tend to move slowly. And I'm sure I'm not educating you on that.In general, from the time we would win a program, for example, high-performanceanalog program until the time that we see revenue from that customer on thatprogram probably typically ranges maybe between 18 months or so. So, basically, what I wouldencourage you to look at would be -- what we saw on 2007 was not a result ofdesign win activity in 2007. It probably reflected more 2005 type of designactivity. And what I can say is we've been pushing the accelerator down onanalog for several years now. I don't have a 2007 number foryou. But, for example, 2006 analog field applications engineers, we increasethe number of analog FAEs that we have right out working directly withcustomers by 45% in that one year alone. So, again, we've been increasingthe investment for a number of years, and we expect that you will continue tosee the results from those investments in the years ahead. So, we are notlighting up. And so, from a lifecycle of a share gain in our view is once wehave, we are going to hang out to it and not give it back. So thank you foryour question, John, and let's move to the next caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello :  Good afternoon, guys. Thanks somuch for taking the question. My question is about the consolidation in theanalog space. You guys have been very clear about the strategy. You are doing agood job of taking share in analog without necessarily consolidating any of thebigger companies. But what would it take if youwant to change this strategy and think about being more acquisitive of some ofthe mid or larger-sized analog companies to accelerate the share?
Kevin March: Well, Jim, as you are aware, wehave been acquiring companies for quite a few years now. Our preference hasbeen towards the smaller companies really for two reasons. One, they are alittle bit tactically easier to integrate into TI. And second, the leverage that wecan gain from their product offerings, given the size of sales force and ourcustomer contacts, is pretty substantial. So, we can typically ramp up therevenue opportunity quite strongly in many cases. As it relates to acquisition,consideration of mid-sized or larger companies that are out there, that'sreally not something that's on our radar right now that I would want to offerany kind of commentary on. I think what we have been doing has worked for usand you can probably expect to see us do more of that.
Jim Covello : Okay. Thank you. One follow-upthen. Are you seeing any incremental competition from the folks in Asianow anymore so then you were say 12 months ago?
Ron Slaymaker: In analog.
Kevin March: In analog, I don't -- I cannotpoint to any examples specifically Jim that I could say yes or no to on that.
Ron Slaymaker: Yeah, Jim, I don't think thoseare the guides that our front line direct competitors, I mean, they are on theradar screen pretty far out there, we are watching them but they are probablynot the foremost on our mind when it comes to analog competition. Okay, Jim,thank you for your questions. Let's move on to next caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Cody Acree with Stifel Nicolaus.
Cody Acree : And congrats guys, it was a toughquarter. May be you can talk a little bit more about analog and how in thiskind of economy obviously gaining some share but with the wins you have seenwhat kind of sensitivity, do you think you really have to at least nearmid-term economic fluctuation?
Kevin March: And Cody, let me just ask forclarification, you are saying how much will our revenue fluctuate with economiccycle or are you saying if our revenue fluctuates how much impact does thathave on the bottom line?
Cody Acree : Well, I guess, given that you'vebeen earning share, you've got these book of design wins over the last coupleof years with kind of you know the -- what the economy may or may not be doing,but do you believe that you've got such the backlog of new wins of new thingscoming on that regardless of, unless we're in a dramatic economic change thatyou'll push through that. You have a lot of sensitivity with these moves or isit going to take something very dramatic so to impact your growth?
Kevin March: Yeah, Cody, I think, there is acouple of things here that kind of weigh into that question, because it's afairly broad question I think. One thing to remind ourselves is that analog inour belief, probably sells in virtually in every kind of electronicmanufactured product in the world, and so by virtue of that sheer diversity ofopportunity to sell into, one can expect that there is no one real heavydependence on a particular market or outcome on a sub-setting economy. Beyondthat the growth that we have seen in the last couple of years has beenprincipally in the high performance analog side of our portfolio and we havebeen pretty open in discussing that we have not seen the acceptable growth infact we have seen some shrinkage in some elements of our applications specificanalog. That scenario you have heard us talk about in the last couple of yearsand especially the last year where we had taken some realignment actions and alot of energy to rejuvenate growth over there. So in fact if we look out intothe future to the extent that we are effective in rejuvenating growth on thatside, we will wind up having two parts, so both sides of our analog portfoliocontributing to our growth, which should give us a lot more stability andrevenue momentum into the future.
Ron Slaymaker: Is there a follow on questionCody?
Cody Acree : I do. And on the wireless side,now contributing a bit to, a little bit of growth this quarter, what do you seeas we get into 2008 not necessarily just Ericsson or Nokia but maybe as you arelooking at your design wins as a whole and where your customers are positioned,would you hazard that you end '08 at a similar, larger or smaller market sharethan you are sitting to date, you have much visibility?
Ron Slaymaker: Cody I think -- yeah I mean thereare certainly cost [currents] inside of that, right. I mean there is no doubtwhat the Ericsson mobile platform program that we have already talked aboutthat's going to a head win for us on wireless revenue as well as share. But atthe same time we have a great position with other major customers that are kindof blowing and going in terms of taking market share these days and that will likelybe a strong tail win for us in 2008. And how it nets out will depend upon howthose individual customers perform probably more so than TI share swingsoverall, it will be how the relative performance between customers where we aregaining or where we have a very solid strong position versus how that offsetsthe program at Ericsson Mobile Platforms where we do have a headwind againstus.
Kevin March: That's a better color on that tooto keep in mind that as the 3G handsets become a bigger portion of the overallmarket going forward, that certainly is attracted to us, because many of thosecontain an applications processors as our customers try to differentiate theirproducts through the look and feel of the phone from the user interfacestandpoint, and that clearly is something that we find very encouraging notjust in '08 per say but over the long haul as a very attractive opportunity forus to continue to be successful in the market space. 
Ron Slaymaker: That's a good point. A lot oftimes the share discussion really just gets centered up on the digital basebandand what interestingly we find a lot of customers will do is put up a TI OMAPapplications processor, in some cases even with another company's digitalbaseband, so that's a good addition. Alright Cody, thank you for you question.Let's move to the next caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Tim Luke with Lehman Brothers.
Tim Luke :  Thanks very much. Just a coupleof clarifications just if you can give any color on lead times and separately?Last year in the first quarter sequentially the analog and DSP businesses weredown by fairly similar percentages with seasonal softness in the first quarter.Is that broadly what you'd expect this time around Kevin, the degree of declinewould be fairly similar or do you think one might be somewhat softer than theother? Thank you.
Kevin March: Tim, we won't go in to moredetail on the guidance, other than what we have. We'll keep it at the toplevel. On the question of lead times, we in fact are seeing relative stabilityin the lead times, there are some areas where we would like to have better leadtime availability where we are trying to continue to work on our inventorystaging, but the overall average characterized lead times has been quitestable.
Tim Luke : And as a follow-up, if I may,Kevin, on your OpEx guidance, you are guiding for 2 billion, which would inferthat you might see? Well I was just wondering whether you could provide somecolor on how we should think about the shape of your R&D spending throughthe calendar year would infer some reductions from the current levels. Shouldwe see that in the beginning of the year and then stay fairly flat and perhapsjust in terms of framework, you might be out of touch on how you see theG&A spending shape as well.
Kevin March: Sure. I am not going to get intotoo much details but I will talk at a high level. We did talk back when weannounced the change in our silicon process development technology that weexpected to see R&D savings as a result of that and about $150 million peryear. And in fact our guidance reflects that. We just spent about $2.15 billionon R&D in 2007 and we are guiding $2 billion for 2008. So you are seeingthat savings begin to find its way through.  In the most recent quarter, wespent about $508 million on R&D, which isnt too far off that 2 billion runrate. So, while you might see a little bit adjustment going into the firstquarter, I would just remind you that we do have our seasonal pay and benefitsincreases that come in the first quarter and so, we are not going to have aperfectly smooth line, but I think $2 billion is going to be pretty good foryou just to paint across the year.  On the SG&A, again, wecontinue to focus on building our field applications and our sales force. Weare not letting up on that. As Ron mentioned earlier, we gained great momentumespecially in the analog space and we will keep pushing there. By the sametoken, we'll see other spending savings there. So I don't think we'd see muchchange in that -- often enough (inaudible) pay and benefits change on ayear-over-year basis.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Tim. Thanks for yourquestions. Let's move to the next caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung : Thank you. 2007 was a year whereyou saw your revenues decline 3% over the course of the year, and yet you sawyour gross margins increase by something like 300 basis points. So, I recognizenow that we're in a mode where, at least, for one more quarter we'll seerevenue acceleration year-on-year. But in a situation where if we dogo into year-on-year revenue declines, particularly given how close you are toyour target gross margins, should we now be assuming that gross margins have togo down, do we see year-on-year revenues decline?
Kevin March: Yeah. Glen, we're not going toreally get into a lot of detail on that, other than just to remind you what'shappening especially inside our manufacturing footprint. As we have outsourcedmore of your capital intensive, and therefore, expensive advanced logic or bestdigital capacity, that's the capacity that we fluctuate the loads on with thefoundries. We can keep our internal utilization really quite high. On the analog footprint, thosetend to be older, more depreciative factories. And so, therefore, thedepreciation cost is not that much. And so, change in loading doesn't havequite the swing that you might have been accustomed to seeing in the yearspast. So overall, I think that unless we're talking some kind of significantchange in revenue, it's difficult to see where the manufacturing footprintwould have a big swing on the GPM percent line. The other contributing element tothis, as we've seen during this past year, is that analog is becoming a biggerportion of our total revenue mix. It closed this year at 40%, and inside thathigh-performance analog was 45%. And as you're aware, those margins are higherthan what we enjoy on other products. So to the extent of those mix shiftscontinue independent of what might happen from a topline standpoint that willalso have a long-term positive impact on what our GPS percents could beovertime.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have follow-on, Glen?
Glen Yeung : Yeah. It's basically anotherquestion. I had another one. Well, anyways last one I have sort of follow-onfrom that. So, I understand your position, Kevin, in terms of what you guys aredoing to sort of maintain more comfortable level of gross margins. One of thethings that happens though in these down cycles is that we often, as demandstarts to slow, see pricing pressure. And I wonder if you look into yourvisibility as far as you can see it, in terms of pricing, if you have any sensenear-term and/or longer-term that pressure may be worse/better the same thanwhat we've experienced in the last year?
Kevin March: Well, in fact, we do look atpricing often, and I would characterize pricing has been really quite normalduring this past year. And as it relates to the smaller slice of our productportfolio that actually is in the commodity space that that pricing actuallyhas been quite stable. As far as projecting price, I don't have any goodinsight for you there, Glen, other than the topline revenue guidance that we'reoffering.
Ron Slaymaker: I would just, you know, maybe acouple other points of color on the pricing trends. Areas like high-performanceanalog, pricing tends not to move. They tend to be very, very stable pricesovertime. And that's our strategy to benefit from that market characteristic ofhigh-performance analog which is stable pricing. When you get out ofhigh-performance analog and those catalog products into areas like wireless orother big vertical type markets, you do have price declines, but they tend tobe steady, predictable price decline. And in many cases, they are based uponlonger-term contract that we have with those customers that kind of ride usthrough some of the market fluctuations. As Kevin pointed out, commodity,which we estimate about 5% of our revenue, is the area where pricing will swingwildly during good times or during worst times. And that is a very, very smallpart of our product mix these days. Okay, Glenn. Thank you for yourquestions. And let's move to next caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Chris Danely with JP Morgan.
Chris Danely : Hey, thanks, guys. My firstquestion, Ron and Kevin, did the distributors tell you why they didn't, Iguess, put product in the month of December like you thought they would, and istheir inventory level now back to where it was in Q3 before they build HPAinventory?
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, I don't know that we'vegot an explanation, or if there is, I don't what it was. What I know is thatversus the forecast that we had in place back in early December, thedistributors or the most significant area that was out of line versus ourexpectations very late in the quarter. Where they are in inventory? Iwould say the adjustment was a small adjustment. And if you look at totalinventory level, it puts them at right around eight weeks. Yes, it is down fromwhere we were third quarter. I don't recall exactly what that sequentialdecline was in terms of weeks of inventory of distributors. But they are rightat about eight weeks, which we consider a healthy level, but also wecharacterize it as a lean level of inventory for distributors. Do you havefollow-on, Chris?
Chris Danely : Yes. And then just a question onyour wireless business, can you guys just, I guess, comparing contrast yourmodem versus your OMAP business in terms of size, pricing, what the grossmargin trends have been and what growth rate do you expect out of both ofthose?
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, let me take it this way.If you look at OMAP pricing, I think generally we have characterized OMAPpricing as roughly a $10 type of product. And so that change has declinedsomewhat from the very early days of OMAP, but it's also been pretty stable at$10 price point over the last year, as we get the impact of new technology suchas OMAP3 introduced that carries, of course, higher price point as well. If you look at the mix of ourrevenue, I'm going to have to walk through a little bit of math, 3G is about40% of our total wireless revenue. And of that, OMAP represents about 25% ofthat revenue. There is probably some OMAP revenue outside of 3G, but itprobably puts the total of OMAP somewhere maybe the 10%, 15% of our wirelessrevenue. So, last year, we said what ourwireless revenue was just under $5 billion that gives you a feel for the sizeof the OMAP business. And Chris, I can't remember. Did you have other questionsembedded in there? Also, did that answer your question?
Chris Danely : Yes, quick last (TechnicalDifficulty), can you talk about the relative growth rate expected out of eachbusiness and also the trends in gross margins from each business? And that'sit.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Trends in gross margins, wedon't specifically breakdown what's happening inside of wireless in terms ofvarious product lines. I think we characterize our wireless gross margins ingeneral as low to mid-40s. So, beyond that, probably there's no interest tobreak it down by product line. In terms of the relative growthrates, probably the best indicator is that if you look at -- again it's not a100% but OMAP basically services the smartphone market probably the best proxyI can give you for that other than some third party reports that have beenpublished would be the 3G market. 3G in 2007, our estimate was roughly a 185million units. 2008 going up to about 300million units, and those are -- those numbers are based upon third partyforecasts as well. So that's probably the best proxy of what the OMAPopportunity looks like going into 2008. And, so again, we have a very strongposition in terms of our share to that application processor market andcertainly it's our intention to continue to build upon that. Okay, Chris, thankyou for your questions and let's move to next caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline Doug Freedman with Amtech Research.
Doug Freedman :  Hi, great. Thanks for taking myquestion. Ron just digging in to a little bit more on that wireless, if wecould look at the other end of that equation, the LoCosto and the impact thatthat's had LoCosto, eCosto, can you talk a little bit about their ramps andwhat you are seeing there as far as a percentage of the wireless mix now?
Ron Slaymaker:  So, the way I would approach thatone is roughly 25% of our wireless revenue last year was to service the low endsegment of the wireless market and again these are relatively low pricedhandsets, I believe the cut off is sub $75 handsets, in many cases servingemerging markets and regions of the world. The LoCosto is in about 50% ofthe cost -- about 50% of what we're shipping into the low-end, is now LoCosto.That continues to build, we expect it to be about 85 -- 80% of our low-endshipments as we go out 2008. And the other thing that I would say is, we'reright at about 100 million units of LoCosto that we've shipped now or closelyapproaching that number. So those are just some data points for you on LoCosto.Sure you're following, Doug?
Doug Freedman : Yeah, great. Thanks, that wasjust terrific. If you could talk a little bit, we saw some tightness ofcomponents in the wireless space over in Asia, some real challenges during thequarter, some real winners and losers, can you talk about what impact did thathad on your business, and what you think it's going to do going forward,shortage of -- get some components there?
Kevin March: Doug, I'm not specifically awareof how to quantify the impact, I think what I would say is certainly we werenot in a position where we were not able to service demand from our customers. So to the extent that if some ofour customers' competitors were unable to ship product, maybe there was somesecondary type of benefit that way, but nothing that I could specificallyquantify. Okay, Doug thank you, and we'll move to next caller please.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Krishna Shankar with JMP Securities.
Krishna Shankar: Yes, so for in January, can youcharacterize the order placed from the distribution channel and what you areseeing from your wireless customers?
Ron Slaymaker : Krishna,not quite that much color, but just at the top level I will tell you that ouroutlook and our order patterns are consistent with each other.
Kevin March: You are following, Krishna?
Krishna Shankar: So, I would say so you woulddescribe things as being normal seasonally so far?
Ron Slaymaker: While consistent with the outlookthat we have given, yes, we described that. And it's just not that far off froma normal season kind of a trend so far.
Krishna Shankar: Okay, thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay Krishna,thank you and let's move to the next caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore : Thanks guys. You talked a lotabout OMAP and the strength in that business going forward. Can you talk alittle bit about the competitive landscape there? There's been a number ofplayers that have eluded to entering the space recently. Have you guys seen anyadded pressure from new entrants coming in or pricing or anything along thoselines?
Ron Slaymaker: Ross this is an interesting one,because the reality is, over the last maybe three or four years or it has beena steady stream of new entrants into the OMAP or into the applicationsprocessor marketplace, and I would have to say sitting here today in early2008, there is not a clear number two or a top competitor for us.  And that's not saying, we donthave competition, but not one of those competitors really has gainedsignificant traction in application processors from our perspective. And againthat's not meant out of any disrespect for those various players, but you tendto have a competitor that will have a one-off win at this customer or thatcustomer and there is no single competitor that has gained across the boardtraction. And so that's why you hear us remain very confident in our positionwith OMAP and the outlook for that going forward. And again that's not out of anylack of respect or pullback in terms of a lot of investment there. We have alead and we are absolutely investing to make sure we maintain that lead.
Ron Slaymaker: Do have a follow-on Ross.
Ross Seymore : Yeah. Changing over to the analogside specifically in HPA, other than the [distri] guys shutting down a littlebit late in the quarter, was the up 1% you did in the quarter greater or lessthan your expectations?
Ron Slaymaker: I think it was generally prettyconsistent. Again, as you just pointed out, there was an exception withdistributor inventories. And, Ive got to make a point; that was more of asell-in versus a sellout consideration. Sellout exceeded the sell-in. But, wecame into the quarter, we even said mid-quarter update, we expected highperformance analog to grow sequentially and in fact it did. So, I would say once again we arepleased with what we delivered high-performance analogs. The 1% sequentialgrowth probably doesnt fully tell that story as well as the 12% growth that wesaw from the year-ago quarter or the 9% growth that we saw on high-performanceanalogs for the year 2007. And I suspect, when all the numbers are in, you willthat once again TI gained significant market share in high-performance analogsin the year 2007. Okay Ross, thank you for your question and let's move to thenext caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of David Wu from Global Crown Capital.
David Wu : Well, thanks for taking my call.I want to get some clarification on the first quarter guidance. Kevin youguided down the 3%, but my memory kind of persists that the wireless business,particularly handset declined much more than 3% from Q4 to Q1 in past years.And what does it tell us about the rest of the business, thats my question?And I have a follow up.
Kevin March: David I think the normal wirelesstrend in 1Q is down about 5%.
Ron Slaymaker: Thats correct.
David Wu : Only 5%. Okay. But it's stillmore than your 3. So, I was wondering what else is better than 3?
Kevin March: We don't know. It might go belowjust that top level range, and I would say it is a range that we're forecastingto. But again, we do continue to, as Ron just pointed out, take share in thehigh-performance analog space. DSP has begun to grow again. So there are anumber of elements inside our portfolio that are doing quite well on acontinuing basis. Beyond that, I won't go down and try to project individualgrowth rates underneath the total company level.
Ron Slaymaker: You have a follow-on, David?Okay. With that, we'll move to the next caller, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Tore Svanberg with Thomas Weisel.
Tore Svanberg : Yes. Hi, Ron and Kevin. On yourdepreciation guidance being constant this year, guess I'm a little bitsurprised about that, especially since you continue to outsource more and moremanufacturing. Could you explain that please?
Kevin March: Yeah. Actually, that's really arounded kind of number when we look at that. I believe our depreciation wasabout $1.40 billion, if I recall, this past year. And it will probably be alittle bit less than $1 billion going into 2008. So we're approximating that as$1 billion. We will not get anymore precise than that because depreciation issomething in the function of the timing of our actual CapEx during the courseof the year.
Ron Slaymaker: Tore, the other thing I wouldencourage you in, in terms of looking at that depreciation trend is, again,we're on a five-year straight line. So yes, our depreciation has dropped, forexample, in 2007 compared to 2006. But as we roll into 2008, you kind of needto look at what drops of the depreciation from five years ago. And I think whatyou'll see is the impact is more driven by the five-year ago effect as opposedto what's happing in the current year.
Tore Svanberg : Got it. And then second questionis on R&Ds, you mentioned a $150 million in savings. Should we now assumefor your guidance on '08 that that's pretty much it with leverage for R&D? 
Kevin March: That's all we would guide you toright now, Tore, is that we'd be down about a $150 million on a year-over-yearbasis with R&D to be about $2 billion for the next year.
Tore Svanberg : Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Tore. Let's move toour next caller, please. Operator  Your next question comes from theline of the Steve Smigie with Raymond James
Steve Smigie : Great. thank you. Sure youplanned your guidance before we had the news that came out of the Feds todayabout the rate cut. I am just curious, do that cut make you guys sort ofrethink your guidance at all here before you put it out? And obviously, you've talkedabout your book-to-bill and so forth, but I'm just curious what impact thatmight have on your thinking before you put out your guidance today?
Kevin March: Yeah. Steve, our guidance isreally a function of the inputs we get from our customers, and that's whatreally drives it. We are not trying to predict what the impact of some of themore global type of changes, such as the Fed move, would have today. I would again just point out thatfrom a book-to-bill standpoint, we commented about that earlier, we do believethat become a much less reliable indicator on what our revenue direction mightbe. For example, in the last five quarters our book-to-bill has either been 1or less than 1, and yet four out of those last five quarters, we've actually seensequential revenue growth. So we tend not to read as muchinto the book-to-bill as we once did in the days in the past.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Tore. Thank you for yourquestion. Let's move to the next caller, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of John Dryden with Charter.
John Dryden : Hi. Thanks for taking myquestions. Kevin, can you talk about the value of your asset-backed securities?HAVE they changed from the $1 billion in September? We saw a sharp reduction incash that came out of short-term investments.
Kevin March: Yeah, it is actually down a fairamount from what we had then as we use cash for purpose of stock repurchases. Iwould say our asset-backed is down considerably. In fact, if we could take alook at the makeup of our cash and how we have invested, probably roughly athird of it is in commercial paper type products, about third of it in auctionrate securities. And these are almost all Departmentof Education guaranteed student loans. Somewhere around 15% of it is mortgagerelated, with about half of that being agency-backed, and about another 15% inbank accounts and money market funds.
Ron Slaymaker: John, did you have a follow-on?
John Dryden : Yes, please. xDSL, on a pro formaquarter-to-quarter, would that have been flat? And if not, can you talk aboutthe strategy shifts with new management in order to accelerate growth withinHPA? Where we are on that implementation phase?
Ron Slaymaker: You are saying would analog havebeen flat quarter-on-quarter xDSL. Was that the question?
John Dryden : For HPA high-volume, and thenyou've had new management in the last three to six months in the HPA group. Iwanted to know if some of the strategy shift took some of the growth in thatarea has taken place.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. You are right. Analogrevenue would have been, and this is total analog revenue, would have been downjust very slightly sequentially. Almost all of the decline was associated withthe DSL divestiture. The rest of the question there?
John Dryden : Repeat the question.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, John. Can you help us on therest of it?
John Dryden : HPA, I believe you've had achange in management. I am not sure if that's true or not, and I was looking tosee if in your corporate operating margin targets for HPA and looking for thetopline groups. I want to know what the strategy was if anything has beenimplemented in the last three to five months in HPA to accelerate revenuegrowth in '08.
Kevin March: Yes. We do have a new managementteam there, as you mentioned, and they have been actively realigning theresources available, making the teams a bit more smaller, a bit more focusedand going after those areas where we don't have as much strength from an application-specificstandpoint. For example, we're pretty strongin computer in the form of storage and printers and so on, but there are otherareas in automotive and consumer and so on where we could strengthen ourportfolio. So, that management team has been realigned in the resources toadjust our position there. We would remind you that thattakes a while. These are chips that are designed -- it has to be identified andthen chips that have to be designed for those wins. I mean it takes time forthem to ramp the production. So, it will probably be a little while before wesee some actual momentum on the growth there.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. John, thank you for yourquestions. And operator, I believe we have time for one more caller.
Operator: And your final question comesfrom the line of Uche Orji with UBS, New York.
Uche Orji : Thank you very much for taking myquestion. Just two questions. First of all, let me ask you about variousgeographies on what maybe driving the guidance for Q1. Any color you can giveus as to what maybe happening, specifically in a place like Chinaand what expectations you have there, and also the Europe and North America, just from a top level give us an idea just to understandwhat's driving this guidance for Q1?
Kevin March: Yes. Uche, we're a little bitreticent about giving too much credence to our regional breakout of revenue.North of 85% of our revenue is actually outside of United States. But the reality is, is that much ofthe electronic products that we sell into are actually manufactured outside theUS, largely in Asiaand from there are shipped to other regions. So we don't believe there is anyreal insight you can gain as to where our revenue is actually coming from.
Uche Orji : Okay.
Kevin March: Do you have a follow-up?
Uche Orji : Yes, I do. Can I just ask youabout DLP? Currently, I mean on the TV side of the market, essentially LCDseems to be getting a lot more traction, and looks like lesser for DLP. Withinthat market projector seems to be the only part that seems between fairly allright. Can you give us an idea what your outlook is, plus the performance ofDLP in the quarter? What your outlook is for Q1? And in the long run, what thestrategy is within the television business for DLP?
Kevin March:  Well, you are right inidentifying that the DLP space is highly challenged on the TV front by LCDs andthat has been going on for pretty much most of 2007 especially taken a pace inthe back half. We are seeing DLP really having its most attractive position fortelevision space in the 50, 55+ screen sizes [radar] screen size. We continue to be very successfulon DLP in some projectors with roughly half of some projectors sold todayhaving DLP based projection systems inside them. What we've seen in the lastfew quarters is [some] projector growth has slowed versus what we've seen inthe prior years. The other area that's actually gained quite a bit of traction,although it's a relatively small part of DLP is the large venue such as movietheatres and so on. We now have over 6000 screens identified around the worldthat are installed and they continue to expand quite rapidly. So, as we look into the future,we would expect that TV will to be continue to be quite challenged goingforward, our large venue continues to be growing nicely albeit relatively asmall piece and some projectors to the extent that market continues to grow andwe've 50% market share we will see DLP growth underneath that before offsettingany changes in the TV space.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thank you, Uche. And sobefore we wrap up let me make just a few closing comments. 2007 was a year ofprogress for TI. We established a stronger strategic position in analog. Weincreased profitability reflecting a better product portfolio. We were morecapital efficient due to our manufacturing strategy that is focused ongenerating long-term returns. The combination of higherprofitability and better capital efficiency generated strong cash flow andimproved return on our invested capital. At the same time growth is importantto TI. TI revenue grew in the fourth quarter for the first time in fourquarters on a year-on-year basis and our wireless revenue is in growth as well.And we expect TI's year-on-year growth to accelerate in the first quarter. Andwith that I'll say thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is availableon our website. Good evening.
Operator: And this does conclude today'sconference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-22 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Ron Slaymaker - VP of IR Kevin March - CFO
Analysts: Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus Glen Yeung - Citigroup Uche Orgi - UBS New York Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs John Lau - Jefferies &Company David Wu - Global Crown Capital John Dryden - Charter EquityResearch Chris Danely - JP Morgan John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank  Daniel Berenbaum - Carris &Company Tim Luke- Lehman Brothers Sumit Dhanda - Banc of AmericaSecurities Doug Freedman - AmTech Research Srini Pajjuri-Merrill Lynch Steve Smigie - Raymond James Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird David Wong - Wachovia Amit Kapur - Piper Jaffray Krishna Shankar - JMP Security Gurinder Kalra - Bear Stearns Allan Mishan - CIBC World Markets
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Merryand I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like towelcome everyone to the Texas Instruments' Third Quarter 2007 Earnings ReleaseConference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any backgroundnoise. After the speakers' remarks, there will a question-and-answer period.(Operator Instructions). Thank you. It is now my pleasureto turn the floor to your host Mr. Ron Slaymaker. Sir, you may begin.
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon. Thank you forjoining our third quarter 2007 Earnings Call. Kevin March, TI's Chief FinancialOfficer is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can findit on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the weband can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available throughthe web. This call will includeforward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TI'sresults to differ materially from management's current expectations. Weencourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earningsrelease published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a completedescription. Our mid-quarter update to ouroutlook is scheduled this quarter for December 10th. We expect to narrow or toadjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate, with thisupdate. In this call, all of ourfinancial results will be described for continuing operations, includinghistorical comparisons, unless otherwise indicated. TI's third quarter results werein the upper half of our range of expectations. The strong margin expansiondemonstrates continued progress toward our financial goals of 55% gross marginand 30% operating margin. It also underscores the importance of our focus onAnalog to achieve these goals. As growth in Analog continues to drive a betterproduct portfolio and lower capital requirements, margins have expanded andcash flow has increased. In today's call, I will reviewour highlights of revenue performance and then Kevin will discuss profitperformance and the fourth quarter outlook. We will keep our remarks, shortsaving time for us to respond to your questions. TI revenue increased 7%sequentially on strong demand for analog semiconductors. Back-to-school demandfor graphing calculators was also a contributor. TI revenue declined 3% from theyear ago quarter when customers were building inventory. In our semiconductor segment,sequential growth of 6% was largely driven by strong growth in analog which wasup 10%. DSP revenue was up about 6% sequentially. The analog product revenue grewto $1.40 billion led by strength in high-performance analog. High performanceanalog revenue grew 13% sequentially and grew 10% from the year ago quarter.Outside of high performance analog, sequential growth also occurred across mostanalog product lines, although, with strongness in product sold into storage aswell as printer applications. Total analog revenue grew 2% froma year ago. The 6% sequential increase in DSP product revenue was driven bydemand for DSPs and cell phone applications. We are also encouraged by the verystrong sequential growth rate we had in some emerging areas, specificallydigital HD radio and digital video applications, such as security and videoconferencing, although these were for much smaller bases. DSP revenue was down 4% from theyear-ago quarter, primarily due to weaker wireless revenue, especially wirelessinfrastructure. Revenue from wireless applications grew 5% sequentially. As wesaid in the mid-quarter update last month, our wireless results were mixed bycustomer with demand from some customers significantly stronger than fromothers. This was a bigger factor in our wireless revenue trend this quarterthan the dynamics of any particular market segment, although, shipments in thequarter were skewed toward into entry products due to strength in emergingmarkets. The 7% decline in wirelessrevenue from a year ago mostly represented broad base declines across handsetcustomers with the exception of a single customer, where we had solid growth. In wireless infrastructure,revenue declined about 5% sequentially, and over 25% from a year ago. Thisprimarily reflects a continued stall in 3G network deployments. The remainderof our semiconductor revenue was about even with that of the second quarter. Microcontrollers, standard logic,royalties and RISC microprocessors grew while the DLP revenue declined a coupleof percent. From a year ago, this revenue declined 10% with declines in DLP,RISC microprocessor and standard logic revenue, more than offsetting growth inmicrocontrollers and royalties. At this point, I will ask Kevinto review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks Ron, and good afternoon,everyone. Once again, profitability gains this quarter and continues to reflecta potential that we believe is a head for TI, as analog becomes a moreimportant part of our product mix. TI's third quarter gross profitwas $1.98 billion and gross margin was 54.2% of revenue. The gross profit grew$200 million in the second quarter as a result of the $239 million of revenuegrowth and included $39 million from the gain on the sale of our DSLcustomer-premises equipment product line in the quarter. Total operating expenses of $971million were about even sequentially. A slight increase in SG&A was offsetby a small reduction in R&D. Operating profit for the quarter was $1.01billion or 27.6% of revenue. Operating profit increased to $204 million fromthe prior quarter as all the higher gross profit felt through to the bottomline. Operating margin increased by 400 basis points in the quarter. About aquarter of this increase in margin was attributable to the gain on the sale ofthe DSL product line. Other income and expense was $53million, down $3 million compared to the prior quarter. Income from continuedoperations was $758 million or $0.52 per share. This was $0.10 increase fromthe prior quarter compared with a year ago earnings per share were up $0.07despite lower revenue. It might help if I summarize thethird quarter's earnings per share transition from the $0.42 in the secondquarter. About $0.06 of the $0.10 increase was attributable to higher revenue.About $0.01 of the increase was from higher margins. The results were $0.01increase associated with our lower share count this quarter and finally $0.02were from the gain on the sales of our DSL CPE product line. I'll leave most of the cash flowand balance sheet items for you to review in the release. However, let me makejust a few comments. Cash flow from operations was$1.53 billion in the quarter, and we ended the quarter with $3.67 billion intotal cash. We also continued our share repurchases using $1.41 billion of cashto repurchase 40 million shares of TI common stock. Inventory of $1.45 billion at theend of the quarter increased $26 million although the days of inventory werethe same as last quarter. Depreciation of $262 million in the quarter increased$6 million from the prior quarter and was $4 million below the year ago level.As we had maintained a tight discipline on capital expenditures throughout theyear, we have concluded that our pace of expenditures is appropriate for theremainder of the year. As a result we have lowered our forecast for totalcapital expenditures this year to about $700 million from the prior forecast ofabout $900 million. TI orders in the quarter were$3.55 billion, an increase of 3% sequentially. Semiconductor orders grew 6%.Our semiconductor book-to-bill ratio was 0.99 in the quarter. Turning to our outlook for thefourth quarter, we expect total TI revenue in the range of $3.40 billion to$3.68 billion. Semiconductor revenue should be in the range of $3.33 billion to$3.59 billion. Education Technology should decline seasonally following the endof the back-to-school period to a range of $70 million to $90 million. Earnings per share are expectedto be in the range of $0.48 to $0.54 in the fourth quarter. Over the next twoyears we'll be taking new actions to further improve efficiencies in our analogmanufacturing operations by consolidating production from our TucsonArizona wafer fabrication facility into anexisting factory in Texas.This change will result in more efficient usage of our manufacturing capacity.The consolidation will be done in phases beginning this quarter and completingby the end of 2009. When fully implemented,manufacturing operations in Tucsonwill cease, although engineering development work will continue there. We willincur a total restructuring charges of about $35 million distributed across theconsolidation period and we expect to achieve annualized savings of about $20million when completed. To summarize, we believe ourinvestments in analog over the past decade and our increasing focus on theanalog market are now beginning to substantially shape the financial resultsfor our company. We believe the fragmentation in this market today opens thedoor for continued market share gain opportunities for TI. As a result webelieve analog will continue to be a driver of TI revenue growth in the yearsahead. When combined with analog's profitability and low capital intensity webelieve we will continue to show attractive earnings and cash-flow results. Asour profitability and cash-flow has expanded we have continued to increase ourreturns to shareholders as evidenced by our September authorization for anadditional $5 billion of share repurchases and a 25% increase in our dividend. With that let me turn it back toRon.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks Kevin. At this time I'llask the operator to open the lines up for your questions. In order to provideas many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limityourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you anopportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Certainly, sir. And our firstquestion comes from Cody Acree from Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks guys. Can you talk alittle bit about your guidance for the semiconductor side? Obviously, ordersare up a bit, and your book-to-bill is kind of around one. But seasonally, isthere something going on towards your seeing a little bit of softnessseasonally, especially coming off the last week's earnings calls, where PCswere seeing such a strong outlook. And now we are seeing guidance for kind ofgenerally flat, usually semis would be typically up a bit. Can you maybe give alittle more color there?
Kevin March: Yeah. Cody, what we are lookingat there is that the kind of growth that we've seen for most of this year andwith the normal seasonality across most of our products. We are expecting thatto pretty much play its course in the fourth quarter. The main area that we areexpecting a little bit different than perhaps you may have seen in the past isin the wireless area. In wireless, we are expecting that revenue is going to beabout even with the third quarter. And actually, it's being drivenby two elements. One, we believe that our customers will probably repeat whatwe saw them do a year ago. And that is, they pull back on component deliveriesin December, as they keep their inventories quite tight. And the second is theaddition, the shipments now beginning for a second supplier to Ericsson. Thiswas a supplier announcement that was made by Ericsson about a year ago lastDecember. And this quarter is when we arebeginning to see those shipments pickup by that competitor. And so, we will besharing that revenue with that competitor during the quarter. So, you put thosetogether and we are expecting wireless revenue actually to be about even withthe quarter. If you take a look over the last eight quarters, and see what theaverage growth rate is for wireless, now it has averaged about 8% growth ratein the fourth quarter. That would be with a wide variability, a low with minus15%, as high as 28%. So, lot of variability inside there. But that's probablythe main difference that we see in the fourth quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: Cody, let me also just remindthat. Even though that competitor coming on board Ericsson will likely pressureour revenue over the course of the next several quarters there. Also recallthat in July, we announced that, we had reengaged with Ericsson both on thecustom digital base band, which has what's being affected now. But also on new design wins atEricsson for OMAP applications processors and OMAP, we previously had not hadengagements at Ericsson before. Nonetheless on those new programs, it willprobably be second half '08 before we start to see any revenue that's a resultof that recent engagement again. Hey Cody, did you have a follow up.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah. If I can use a follow-up maybeto just expand a little bit on that topic, the wireless market share trends.Seeing Ericsson have some noticeable impact in Q4 versus all the things thathappened seasonally, and then going into next year having other OEMs that arestarting to use other second sources, how does this all play out? How should welook out '08 as a market share year for you given, what you are doing withLoCosto and higher dollar contents, and picking up some sockets at one guy andloosing sockets at another? How does it all shake out?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. I think of course that's apopular question over the last probably three quarters that investors andanalysts ask of TI. I think one of things that you have to look at goingforward is, you are, right, there are other customers that are similar toEricsson, I would say, implementing what I'll call, what we commonly call,supply diversification strategy. Yet at the same time, I think in many casesthat represents opportunity as well as some risk for TI. So, if your look at justkind of the ins and outs for 2008, we have talked about Ericsson already. At the same we have othercustomers where we will have revenue, new programs that are ramping, forexample, Motorola. Motorola will start to engage the program that we announced,I believe it was in January this year, we'll start too, we have historicallybeen engaged there on the low-end and with low cost up. Motorola will beginramping with TI I'd call it mid '08, on some of the EDGE products. And thenlately, Ericsson will have the custom 3G product that we're developing for themin the initial stages of ramp as well. I think it has certainly got alot of attention that Nokia has also announced some prior diversificationefforts. I think they have described that the earliest of those, which will beat the low-end of the product line will have some initial production startingin first half of '08. The mid-range or EDGE products, I don't know if theypublicly stated when that will ramp in to production, but I think it's generallybelieved to start it later and will ramp in to production later. And then, onthe 3G side, where, again that's been a big driver of our revenue and I thinklot of Nokia's success in recent years. There are additional suppliers thatthey will bring on. There will be, I think they stated it as 2010 for the veryinitial production ramp there, as well. So again those are the ins and outs. Iunderstand the interest in how it nets out, but I don't have a net answer foryou at this point. But again that's what we view as the ins and outs over thecourse of the next couple of years. Okay, Cody, thank you and let's move on toour next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from GlenYeung from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thanks. Ron, may be just one laston the last answer you gave. Do you think that in the first half of 2008, youcan return back to normal seasonal growth patterns in wireless?
Ron Slaymaker: Glen, we are not really nottrying to forecast first half '08. I mean as you are well aware of ourpractices to just take it a quarter a time, in terms of the guidance that wewould give. So other than the statements I provided on ins and outs, I don'twant to at this point try to guide for what kind of wireless pattern we mighthave in first half '08.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay. Ron, and then just steppingback a little bit and looking at your broader book of business, what's yoursense as to how much of an impact all of the issues we are seeing in the macrois having on what you are seeing in your business?
Kevin March: Glen, I'll go ahead and give youan answer on that one there. Right now, we can't really point at anything butwe will suggest you that it would become intangible to a point that it'saffecting our business. Like everybody else we are watching it very closely.But it is important to keep in mind that about more than 80% of our revenuescome from outside of the United States. And so, we happen to be prettydiverse when it comes to a customer base that we actually ship into andtherefore the economies that affect our overall revenue profile. Albeit, someof those products in Asia for example, when they are finished and they getshipped back into the US ultimately, but still a considerable portion of themacro for us is the whole world economy not just the US economy. Anyway, kindof, a long answer for you but we really don't see anything that we can point toright now. We are paying close attention but we can't point to anything thatgives us any cause for a reason to indicate this change to a consumer behavior.
Ron Slaymaker: I think, the specific number isover 85% of our revenue shipped to regions outside of the United States. Sothat's just a specific. Glen, thank you for your questions and let's move to thenext caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from UcheOrji from UBS New York. Please go ahead.
Uche Orgi - UBS New York: Thank you very much. Ron, can Ijust ask you about analog business demand you had a significant growth in HPA.And the next question I want to ask is how much of that do you think is justshare gain within this quarter? How much of that is an element of pull-in fromQ4? How should we think about this trend do you see in HPA and (inaudible)?
Ron Slaymaker: Uche, I don't we think wecompletely know when you talk about Q4 pull-in. Probably the best indicationthere would be what we see in distribution. And what I would say is, first ofall, if you look at sequential growth, it was 13%. And about a third of thatwent to rebuilding inventory toward targeted levels in the distributionchannel. So, you'll recall that back inJuly, I think we described in the conference call that distributors in our mindwere low in certain areas, are lean in certain areas on their inventory. So, wehave put in place a program to rebuild some of that during the third quarter.We achieved some of that. But I don't know that I would characterize that aspull-in per se, but certainly about a third of that HPA revenue growth in thethird quarter went toward rebuilding that distributor inventory level. Do youhave a follow on, Uche?
Uche Orgi - UBS New York: Yes. I do. If you just give me afew metrics like where lead times stands there now in analog and HPA and alsoin terms of utilization rates just for me to clip with that answer where leadtimes --?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Again, given just thebreath and diversity of our product line, there was no single lead-time. Iwould say in general, lead times have remained stable in the quarter. On theutilization question, again, we down break up specific utilization levels. ButI would say that utilization was up in the third quarter compared to the secondquarter. Most of the increase as you might expect was on the analog side, giventhat with our foundry strategy, we generally have been able to maintain thedigital side, the advanced CMOS side of our capacity pretty well fully utilizedthrough the course of the year. Okay. And with that, Uche, thankyou for your question. Let's move to the next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from JimCovello from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great, Ron. Thanks so much. Quickquestions on the inventory for Q4; What was your goal exiting Q4 inventory be,up, down or flat?
Kevin March: Jim, we don't forecast whatinventories are going to be. We stage it for what we think the followingquarter's demand is going to be. But we would just say is that we will adjustthat according to what our outlook is for the following quarter and I'll justleave it at that for now.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. If I can ask you a quickfollow up. In terms of the Q4 guidance, if I just kind of plug all the numbersinto the model, the way that I get down to the EPS would be much lower sharecount. I guess that the one way to get there. I am thinking about that theright way?
Kevin March: Again, Jim, we're not forecastinganything beyond just the top line revenue and the bottom line EPS. But you doknow that we just mentioned that we had repurchased about $1.4 billion or about40 million shares in this quarter in a course to the extent that it remainsaccretive and the right kind of thing to do, we'll continue to buy shares inthe future. But share count, that winds up to be, it's too far or too early intime for me to be able to tell you right now.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thank you Jim and let'smove to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from JohnLau from Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead.
John Lau - Jefferies & Company: Yes great Ron, I was wondering,if you can also clarify the quantity or the magnitude for an apples-to-applescomparison for the DSL business that you had sold for Q3 and Q4?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. In Q3, we had $80 millionof DSL CPE revenue during the month of July. And again we sold it -- that saleclosed on July 31st, so $80 million is what was in our financials during thethird quarter. And again that will not be there during the forth quarter, asyou've noted. And then the other consideration is that was generally operatingat a breakeven level in recent quarters. So, there is some revenue there butnot much profit to go along with it. Do you have a follow-up John?
John Lau - Jefferies & Company: Yeah. And so, for the fullquarter you are talking about you have $54 million run rate, but in thespecific comparison for September to December it's about an $80 millionstep-down?
Ron Slaymaker: That is correct.
John Lau - Jefferies & Company: Great. Thank you very much.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. John, thank you. Nextcaller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from theDavid Wu from Global Crown Capital. Please go ahead.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Yes two quick questions. Thefirst one really is got to do with the analog business. At this point would yousay that historically the HPAL as a percentage total was about one third of thetotal of the analog business has it now gone to half the business now?
Kevin March: David I think we have describedthat is probably closer to 40% of the total analog business and total analog isnow about 40% of the --
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Of the total company?
Ron Slaymaker: Total of CE, yes.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Great. Kevin while you wereanswering your question, a simple one. If the tax rate is going to be 29% forthe full year what does it mean for Q4 and do you have any idea about -- givesome idea about '08 on the tax rate front?
Kevin March: Yeah, I would expect both thefull year and the fourth quarter tax rate to be about 29% David and then fornext year as it would become more profitable and the good news is we are makingmore money. The bad news is we get to pay more taxes. So I would expect thattax rate would continue to outline gradually as we become more profitable. Wedon't have a specific forecast for 2008 just yet.
Ron Slaymaker: Well the statutory tax rate isabout 35% so as a first approximation whatever your model would imply forincremental profit you probably can assume that incremental profit is taxing at35% until we come out with more specific guidance. Is that fair Kevin?
Kevin March: Yes.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, thank you David. Let's moveto the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from JohnDryden from Charter Equity Research. Please go ahead.
John Dryden - Charter Equity Research: Yes. Thanks for taking myquestions. With respect to HPAL growth below total analog, but still above thegrowth in total semiconductor, can you define the strength as just PCs or otherareas of goodness versus your expectations in July? And you expect HPAL tocontinue in December?
Ron Slaymaker: John, I would say it a good pointyou are making that our analog growth this quarter was very broad based. HPA ledit as you noted. But when we look inside the high volume areas we saw multipleproduct areas that also contributed growth above the corporate average. Also asyou noted and we said in the mid quarter update some of the computing areas orperipherals areas were probably the strongest and were areas that had upsidedfrom our initial expectations in the quarter and those specifically would bestorage and printers. But, I would describe the strength that we saw in highvolume analog as broader than computing, although, those were notable areas. Doyou have a follow on, John?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. A follow up for Kevin,please. Expense controls resulted in flat OpEx dollars this year. How much ofthat is attributable to the digital CMOS development outsourcing? And can westill expect the $200 million savings next year?
Kevin March: In fact, in the quarter, John,we've mentioned back during the beginning of the year is that we would betaking around $55 million worth of restructuring charges attributable to that,and those charges would be about even throughout the year. So, those are prettymuch offsetting. Many of the savings that we are seeing were actually begin bytransition right now. We'll begin to see those savings come in through over thenext few quarters and we do still expect to see $200 million a year for the totalrestructuring. Both the impact of the closure of our all-digital fab here inDallas, called KFAB, and also the outsourcing of the silicon processdevelopment.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. John, thank you for yourquestion and we will move on to the next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes fromChris Danely from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Hey, thanks guys. So, it looksthere is about $100 million shortfall in DSP. Can you quantify how big of the$100 million was due to the Sony Ericsson share loss? And do you expect that togo even lower in Q1?
Kevin March: Hi. Chris, when you are saying$100 million shortfall in DSP, first of all, which time period and compared towhat?
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Sure. You said it is usually upabout 8% sequentially in Q4 and its flat. So, that's about $100 million.
Kevin March: Okay. So, versus called a normalseasonal pattern or an average seasonal pattern in Q4. Chris, I would describeit -- actually I am not going to try to break it out across various customers.I would say the biggest seasonal nominally is wireless. Ericsson certainly willhave continued impact in Q4. But, I guess, I would say that a flattish type ofoutlook is what we are seeing from a broader base of wireless customers aswell. And as Kevin said, I mean what wesaw last year was in the month of December, a pretty sharp downtick in theirdemand as they basically have completed their holiday bills and were pullingback on the inventory for the end of the year. We are expecting that same typeof pattern and that goes broader than just Ericsson. Do you have a follow on,Chris?
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Yeah. And so that leads me tofollow on. Since it sounds like some of the decrease is in December, should wealso expect wireless to be impacted in Q1?
Ron Slaymaker: I am not sure what you mean. It'sin the month of December, again as they are managing their year-end inventorylevels. But beyond that comment, as I said before, we are not trying to giveany kind of guidance or outlook toward Q1. So, thanks Chris, for yourquestions. And we will move on to next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from JohnPitzer from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yeah. Thanks for taking myquestion, guys. First question, are you expecting the analog business to beflat sequentially in Q4? And if you are, what's kind of normal seasonal and howshould we think about flat relative to sort of share gains versus just theinventory?
Kevin March: Yeah. I would say that we are notreally forecasting detail below what we have already talked about. And we takea look at total semiconductor. It's usually up 4% to 5% in Q4 and inside that,you usually got wireless up about 8%. So, you can back up from that as to howthe rest of the business usually shakes up. Beyond that, I think the rest ofthe business actually -- the forecast that we have in place actually is a kindof a normal seasonal pattern that we've seen over a multiple time periods andanticipate the kind of growth that we've seen overall this year.
Ron Slaymaker: Hey John I should explain it. Ournormal practice on guidance, to really just keep our commentary, at thesemiconductor level, this quarter because of the anomaly we're seeing inwireless, we provided some wireless specific comments just to help youunderstand the context of the overall guidance, but we are not going to takethe remainder of that revenue or the revenue guidance and break it down productline by product line. Do you have a follow-on John?
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: Yeah I do. When you look at thecounter third quarter the handset vendor saw some ASP mix issues lower-endphones being sold, I am kind of curious as to how that impacted sort of yourrevenue growth in Q3 in your wireless business or you expected sort of lack ofgrowth in Q4, is that all?
Kevin March: Yeah that's a good observationJohn. What you heard from the handset vendors was evident in our revenue aswell. We did see a shift toward lower-end products in our revenue mix and thereis no doubt that it takes a lot more units of low-end handsets to make up thesame amount of revenue that a 3G handset would provide for TI, so on a blendedASP for total handset that would tend to average us down, but at the same timewe'll take -- first at the low-end, we have a very strong position in low-endhandsets, at the same time we have a strong position in 3G handsets and we'lltake the revenue growth wherever it comes from, but in this quarter, in thisthird quarter it did represent a shift toward low-end. 
Ron Slaymaker : Okay, John, thank you forquestions. We'll move to next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from RossSeymore from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank : Thanks guys, kind of dove tail ofthat last question rather than a blended ASP dictated by the mix Ron, when doyou have these markets share shifts typically people will get a little moreaggressive on pricing apples-to-apples are you seeing that in this entirewireless space?
Ron Slaymaker: We didn't see any abnormalpricing trends in the quarter. What we saw in the third quarter, is whether youlook at on sequential basis or versus a year ago was pretty much a normal trendon wireless pricing, blended ASP trends were not impacted by competitivepressures they were impacted by mixed between low-end and high-end. Does thatanswer the question, Ross?
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank : Pretty much.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank : And then the follow-up is just likeyou guys gave average seasonality as we looked in to the fourth quarter what'sthe average seasonality in the DSP side in the first quarter? 
Ron Slaymaker: I have wireless I don't know thatI had DSP, but normally in our first quarter we would see wireless and I shouldsay normally because as Kevin pointed out the ranges are huge here. On anaverage basis, I think this is an eight year average our wireless revenue hasbeen down 6% sequentially in the first quarter with the range of minus 30 toplus nine, so you figure out how much value is in that minus six number. OkayRoss, thank you for your question and we will move to the next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes fromDaniel Berenbaum from Carris & Company. Please go ahead.
Daniel Berenbaum - Carris & Company: Hi, thanks for taking my call. SoCapEx has been heading down pretty rapidly, can you give us an idea whatmaintenance CapEx is? And then also what sort of capital intensity do you needjust to maintain the share growth that you have been seeing in high performanceanalog?
Ron Slaymaker: We think that we've seen ourCapEx fall below 10% of revenue now. In fact, we think that sustainable over alonger period of time is probably in the mid-to-upper single-digit as a percentof revenue.
Daniel Berenbaum - Carris & Company: So, we could actually see CapExgo back up a little bit as a percent of sale, is that a possibility?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, it may fluctuate a bitovertime, depending upon timing of equipment install or fact rebuilds and soon. But I think overtime, we would expect to see that in mid-to-uppersingle-digits.
Daniel Berenbaum - Carris & Company: And then, may be as a follow up,may be a step back and more broad question. You said, you are not seeing anymacro weakness, but obviously it seems like we bottomed out of the semi-cycle acouple of quarters ago or may be a quarter and half ago, we haven't seen arapid lift up of the cyclical bottom. So, in your perspective, help usunderstand, what's changed out there, if there is not any macro weakness what'sdifferent about this cycle than what we have seen before?
Ron Slaymaker: You are thinking Dan in terms ofa snapback like we often times we have been guessing. I think the thing that wewould probably describe is a bit different this time as one we have beensuccessful ourselves in maintaining much richer mixes and levels of inventory,than we have in past cycles. That's allowed us to keep our lead times much morestable and so therefore gives our customers more confidence that we will beable to meet their demands and not cause them a shortage. They don't have torestock their inventory. In addition, we are also findingas we've come through the course of this particular cycle versus past cycles.Our distributors, as a customer base overall, have become much leaner in theamount of inventory that they are carrying and so consequently they are notbuilding up the inventory in that channel, as well. So, we think those twocombined or what's making this cycle a little bit different than what we'veseen in the year's past.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Now, let's move to nextcaller, thank you for your question, Dan.
Operator: Next question comes from TimeLuke from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Tim Luke- Lehman Brothers: Thanks I was wondering Kevin ifyou could just clarify, some of the different elements in your expectationsassociated with gross margin. As you have seen more of an analog mix, how yousee that trending? And whether also, you could just clarify whether the lead timeswere this quarter versus last?
Kevin March: Tim, what we have talked aboutback in May, Analyst Meeting of this year, is that we were looking to bring themargins of the company to about 55% gross and 30% operating over the next fewyears. We're beginning to make some steady progress against that objective.We're going to get there really the way we've been getting there. You've seenin this most recent quarter for example in the past couple of quarters, somenice analog growth that's a very profitable business mix and it falls throughvery nicely.  We would expect analog tocontinue to be an increasing mix of our revenue in the quarters and years tocome. In addition to that within analog the high performance analog margins,which are already quite good still have room to continue to improve. And as Imentioned to Dan on the previous call our CapEx appetite is much more modestthan it has been in years past and we expect that's probably going to be as Imentioned in the mid-to-upper single digits which translations on lowerdepreciation as a percent of revenue overtime. So, those things broughttogether are the sort of things that we believe will help us continue to driveto our 55 and 30 gross and operating margin goals.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow on, Tim?
Tim Luke- Lehman Brothers: Maybe on the lead times, but Iwill say just for Kevin. Why you see these fluctuations in wireless, forexample, with Ericsson and this one is fourth and potentially the first quarteror the first half. Do you think that the gross margins in the DSP area remainedbroadly stable or would they fluctuate with the revenue?
Kevin March: Actually the shorter answer Timis that, we have worked in to our expectation. These kinds of wirelessfluctuations, they may cause quarter-to-quarter adjustment from time-to-timedepending on how the exact mix shakes out, but overtime, over a longer periodsof time, we have worked in the fact that wireless has a pricing environmentlike it does that changes overtime and along as much more stable in thispricing environment by the nature of those products. And so when we talk about55% and 30% type of gross for the company, it has taken those realities intoconsideration. On the lead time standpoint, Ithink we have mentioned earlier, the lead times will remain quite stable. Asalways, a few parts that may move in or move out, but generally speaking,across the broad portfolio, lead times are quite stable and we think that'sbeen evidenced in our order pattern and our book-to-bill being firmly stabledaround one.
Ron Slaymaker: On the lead, Tim, I would alsosay, when you look at DSP areas outside of wireless, catalog DSP products havegross margins that are much more similar to what you would see in, for example,high performance analog products than what you would see in wireless. So thankyou for your question, Tim. We will move on to the next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes fromSumit Dhanda from Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Yes. Hi, Kevin. I just wanted afollow-up on the implied EPS guidance, again for Q4. I know you have given forthe revenue and the EPS number per se. But is it fair to assume that there isat least some level of a reduction in G&A, given a flat R&D and perhapsthe bump up to gross margins, given possibly a more favorable mix in Q4?
Kevin March: Yeah, Sumit. I mean I've said alot during the earlier question on that, but we are beginning to see, we stillhave the restructuring charges recurring, pretty much evenly across thequarter. I happened to deal with those early-announced actions earlier thisyear, but the costs do begin to come out as we wind up the end of the yearhere, and so in fact that will benefit, begin to benefit us in fourth quarter andcertainly begin to benefit us more fully as we move into next year.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: And that's more on costs orG&A, the benefit or evenly on both?
Kevin March: I'll just leave it at the overallcost and not try to get in more details and estimates.
Ron Slaymaker: Other than to remind, that one ofthe actions that we've talked about for the advanced CMOS development was anR&D action. And I'll also point out in the third quarter in our release wenoted that, some of the lower R&D number that you saw in third quarter wasalso associated with that advanced CMOS, the implementation of our advancedCMOS strategy, whereby we worked more [cautiously] with vendors.
Kevin March: Okay, Sumit, did you have afollow-up question.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Yeah, I did. Just longer term, aswe are thinking about your core businesses here. The DSP segment, for the firsttime in six years is going to have a down year following 2001. DLP businessseemed to be seeing a lift on any kind of a sustained basis. So, really, if youare thinking out longer term as you are doing strategic planning within TI,what sort of a secular growth rate you have ascribed to both these segments,specially within DSP, which is fairly seen a more competitive land?
Ron Slaymaker: Sumit in the DSP area, all themarket reports that we see suggest that over the next three or four, fiveyears, the expectations that will continue to grow in the mid-teens kind ofrange. DLP has a very attractive space and for projectors in a growing positionin large venues like movie theaters. The TV space though has been verycompetitive and we will have to see how that unfolds over the next few years.But I would remind you it's a fairly small piece of both DLP and even smallerpiece of TI. What's very attractive to us is the growth opportunity in analog,and especially the high performing analogs base. And we've been articulate inthe last few quarters, the observation that not only is that market expected togrow in, call it 8% to 10% kind of range over the next few years its also veryfragmented market. And by that, what I mean is that,while we had number one market share in the analog space in 2006 that was ofworth only 13% market share. And we have been successfully gaining share foreach of the last few years. We believe that represents a tremendousopportunity, both from just the underlying growth of the market itself, plusour ability to continue to accelerate our own growth by acquiring more marketshare. So, we put it all together and we are really pretty enthused about whatthe future looks like for us, because that turns into some really nice marginopportunities and some great cash flow opportunities.
Ron Slaymaker: Yeah. That's a good point youmade, Kevin. I want to underscore. I mean, if you look at, and I know everybodyon this call is primarily interested in dissecting our growth rates and revenuefor the third quarter and the outlook. But if you look for example, that 13% HPAgrowth in third quarter is nothing new. I mean, basically, we've been gainingshare in high performance analog for every year since 2001 at this point. So,you saw it once again in third quarter. Okay. Sumit, thank you for yourquestions and we'll move on to next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from DougFreedman from AmTech Research. Please go ahead.
Doug Freedman - AmTech Research: Thanks for taking my questions.Ron, can you talk about the percentage of your business that you are presentlydoing on sort of a consignment sale? And if there has been any changes to anyother revenue reorganization in a way which you are conducting your business?
Ron Slaymaker: I'll take that first part of thatquestion and Kevin, if you'll handle later one. The consignment revenue in thirdquarter roughly for a total semiconductor is about 30% of our semiconductorrevenue was in the form of consignment inventory programs at major customers.The most significant product area even though there are quite a few thatparticipate any program that is in high volume and where the customers have thecapabilities that their factory to run that type of system, we have a breadthof. But in our wireless revenue, itis about 70% of our wireless revenue that runs on consignment. And just oneconsideration for you on consignment programs, is that those programs, do notrun on typical order backlog. Basically orders come in about the same timerevenue is recognized, which is when the customers are pulling, that particularcomponent out of their consignment inventory, out of our consignment inventory.So in essence, all of that consignment revenue operates effectively on aone-to-one or 1.0 booked-to-bill type of program. Kevin, regarding the revenuerecognition
Kevin March: Yeah Doug, I think that Ron kindof answered the question there on the consignment side. That is we'verecognized the revenue when the consignment customer actually pulls thatinventory from the bottom of the warehouse, which is at their location. As relates to revenue recognitionfor other channels that we sell them to, no changes to report there. Werecognize revenue and distribution on a [certain] basis with appropriatereserves. We are expecting returns and so on. And with all other customers, weare recognized that the point the title transfers.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Dough, thank you for youquestions. And we will move on to the next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes fromSrini Pajjuri from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Srini Pajjuri-Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Kevin, on the grossmargin side, how much of the benefit would say is mix related versusutilization? And then as you move into the first half of next year, obviouslyyour utilization is probably going to come down a bit. But it looks like themix is going to improve. So, my question is, can the gross margin sustain atcurrent levels as you head into the first half of '08?
Kevin March: Yeah. Srini, we need to kind ofkeep in mind what effects our gross margin kind of levels. Ron, mentioned alittle earlier in the call that we have been able to keep our digital fabspretty fully loaded for most of the year, and that's because we installed lesscapacity internally, than what our total demands are. And that's how we use thefoundry to supplement our capacity. That also happens to be the mostexpensive capacity and such are the extent that we keep that well utilized. Ithas a neutral affect on our gross margins. And so, we will continue to use thatmoderation of our load instant foundries to keep our internal factories loadedand keep the initial effect on gross margins. As to the analog side those tendto be an older more fully depreciated factories. And to the extent of loadingsfluctuate and those that have very relative or little impact on gross margins.Because they tend to be older, and more fully depreciated. So, it's a long wayto say that we actually think that we put those together, and short of somedramatic changes, unexpected changes in revenue profiles we would see grossmargins been fairly stable to what you have seen in the past year andcontinuing to improve over time, as we get analog to be a bigger piece of ourmix.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you follow-up Srini.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Just quickly on Ericsson,Ron. Sorry to beat up a dead horse here, but I was wondering if you can give usa bit more color as to what exactly these supply, I mean there are lot ofmoving parts here 2G, 3G, baseband, app processor what exactly do you supply toEricsson? And also as you look out to the next few quarters, how long do youthink these share losses will continue for?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. It's not a dead horse topicat all, in fact again let me reiterate, our expectations of our relationshipwith Ericsson and that revenue potential is very, very significant over thecourse of time. There will be several quarters of impact that is specificallyin the 3G digital baseband area. And as you are well aware thereis a group within Ericsson called, Ericsson Mobile Platform that develops 3Gchipset, we have historically provided the digital baseband as well as theanalog baseband functionality in there. They have as of last December; theirannouncement was they were bringing on an additional digital baseband supplier. We will continue to be the analogbaseband supplier. And then, as I said earlier in July we announced that we hadwon that digital baseband back as well, as application processors. But all thatdiscussion is specific to that 3G EMP chipset. Sony Ericsson also uses achipset, basically merchant solutions from TI in some other GSM, GPRS, EDGEspace as well. So, that has been an expanding business, and we expect it tocontinue to be an expanding revenue stream for TI in those non-3G areas. But wewill see some pressure for several quarters there in 3G digital baseband. Okay.Srini, thank you, for your questions. We will move to the next caller.
Operator: Next question comes from SteveSmigie from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Great. Thank you, I was hoping ifyou can give us a little bit of color within analog. Whether it was powermanagement or signal pass areas that you are softening your strength or whetherit is just pretty much broad based?
Ron Slaymaker: It was broad based, althoughcertainly power management was the strongest area of growth inside ofmicrophones analog for us. But all of the major standard linear product areasgrew for TI as well but certainly power management was most significant. Do youhave follow-on Steve?
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Yeah just for the analog grossmargin in general. I know one of you stated goals outside the high volume.Analog grew very quickly. Clearly that helps performance -- helps gross margin,but I was just curious how much of the negative impact or at least neutral impacthigh volume would have? And how you think about working on the growth of thosedifferent pieces of your business to ensure the gross margin continues toadvance?
Kevin March: Steve, the high performanceanalog, as you pointed out, have the ability to operate at quite high grossmargins. The high volume analog business tends to operate at lower grossmargins, but also has a lower cost to get to market. In other words, itsselling cost is quite a little bit lower. Its R&D costs are much morefocused. So, the result is the operating margins for those two businessesdeliver are actually quite similar. So, well, high volume will be below highperformance analog, the operating margins for those two businesses willactually be quite similar overtime.
Ron Slaymaker: And Steve, what I would suggestis think of the high volume gross margins, pretty close to where we runcorporate, meaning roughly 50% or so, in terms of gross margins. But as Kevinsaid operating margins, think both of those product lines in the 30. So, withthat, thanks Steve. And we will move to next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes fromTristan Gerra from Robert Baird. Please go ahead.
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird: Hi, guys. When do you see the(inaudible) for OEMs shifting demand for a single-chip baseband applicationprocessor outside of Japan? And at what point does the market for standaloneprocessors like OMAP stop shrinking potentially?
Ron Slaymaker: Tristan, I don't think we have adefinite point of view on which way the market will transition. I think thereare certain areas, for example, e-cost of our single-chip product for [EDGE] isa single-chip product that includes both the baseband or the modem function andthe application processor in a single chip. But there are very sound argumentsfor wise customers might also want to keep their application processorseparate. And even inside of TI, you have different points of view as to whichway the market will go. I guess what I would say is, weare positioning to take advantage of whichever way the market drives. If it's asingle-chip type of capability, whether it's a GSM, GPRSH, WCDMA, we have thatmodem capability, and certainly have the capability to integrate that with OMAPapplication processors. But you know, if the customerbase chooses to keep those discrete, then certainly, we are prepared to servicethat opportunity as well. But we don't simply know which way it will go. Andeven if it does shift towards a single chip, what the timing of that will looklike. Did you have follow on, Tristan?
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird.: Sure. A quick one regarding theHollywood shift that perhaps was pushed out a bit, could you give us an updateon your plan for the technology and when you expect to ramp for TV broadcastingin main three markets in cell phones?
Ron Slaymaker: Yeah, Tristan, I think the issuethere is not so much of our chip. It's more when that market opportunitydevelops. We have had Hollywood and it's simply a matter of when that marketopportunity takes off. And certainly versus a few years ago, it's taken longerthan we and I think most of the players and analysts would have projected inthat space. But again that's not a questionof when is the chip ready. It's simply matter of -- when the market deploys.And seeing how we didn't call it very well couple of years ago, we willprobably just hold off and trying to call it at this point and when it happenswe'll let you know.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay Tristan thank you. We'llmove to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next caller is David Wongfrom Wachovia. Please go ahead.
David Wong - Wachovia: Thank you very much. Could youtell us a little bit about merchant 3G chips, and what your plans are there?What you are seeing in terms of business in the merchant's base?
Ron Slaymaker: And this is a 3G question is thatright David?
David Wong - Wachovia: That's correct Ron andspecifically baseband?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Well certainly I think asyou are aware our initial shot out of the gate was for 3G was focused primarilyon servicing the custom opportunities at our large OEM customers and that was avery simple strategy of basically following the money that's where the earlymarket opportunity was and that's where we engaged. We will compliment thatopportunity or the custom work we're doing with a -- in fact its in developmenta DRP based, let me just state that a little more clearly. A single-chip 3Gproduct that includes both the modem or baseband function as well as the RFtransceiver and that again will be a merchant solution, but if you look atwhere most of the revenue that we have in 3G today, which by the way is about40% of our handset related revenue is in 3G thus far this year, that's reallybeen driven by our strategy to pursue the custom opportunity. Our view of the merchant solutionreally hasn't changed or the merchant opportunity really hasn't changed muchover the last couple of quarters and if you look at the customers that areengaging 3G merchant chip solutions, they are really the players in Korea, andit's really limited to Korea, and at least today Qualcomm has been theincumbent in the net market place. So, again we will do it, but our prioritycertainly has been the custom side, which is a bigger opportunity, and by theway I should also point out that strategy focusing on customs what's driven TIto a market position where we hold over 50% share in 3G or W-CDMA based inmodems today, so there was strategy and it played out well for us. Do you havefollow on David?
David Wong - Wachovia: Yes, thanks Ron. Given thecompetitive shifts in the custom space, did this impact your R&D investmentgoing forward for wireless chips, or did that remain pretty much as it's alwaysbeen?
Kevin March: David I would say that the biggerimpact on our R&D going forward is the change that we announced back inJanuary having to do with the silicon development that we're now working withour foundries on. And we have talked about that would save us probably about$150 million on annualized basis starting next year, plus another $50 millionfor the closure of KFAB. As it relates to R&D on specific projects, we'llclosely look at refocusing R&D dollars, and wireless is no exception. We dothat across our portfolio. We invest in various areas and to the extent theyplay out. We continue to invest and if they don't, then we stop the redeployingthat will be true here also. Beyond that there are no specific plans that Icould tell you about inside wireless.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, thank you David. Let's moveto the next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from AmitKapur from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Amit Kapur - Piper Jaffray: Great, thanks a lot. You havegiven the importance of 3G to your handset revenue. Maybe you could talk aboutwhat your outlook for 3G is going into 2008?
Ron Slaymaker: You are saying for the industryoverall?
Amit Kapur - Piper Jaffray: Yeah, exactly just when you aretalking to your customers?
Ron Slaymaker: Yeah I think and again this isnot a TI specific forecast. We keep that internally but where most of themarketing analysts are looking is that 3G or W-CDMA handsets next year areprobably 190 million or 200 million, something like that. And if you look atthis year, its probably more 170 million to 180 million, something in that range.So, it continues to grow.
Amit Kapur - Piper Jaffray: Great. Thanks. Maybe just a quickfollow-up; Following up from your comments regarding analog share gains, whatare some of the key drivers for continuing to gain analog share and where doyou think that share can go in a longer run?
Kevin March: On the analog share gain, Amit, Ithink what we are seeing is the advantage that we have over pretty much all ofour competitors from an extremely large sales force, coupled with a large fieldapplications for support of that sales force. So that, we not only have a lotof players, a lot of sales people on the ground, but then we couple that with avery large portfolio of part numbers from an analog standpoint as well as otherparts that many customers typically need when they need analog parts, such asdigital parts, microcontrollers, logic parts and so on. We believe coupling that togethermakes TI an attractive vendor, when we show up at various customers. So, thatservice [fall in] the last couple of years. We are going to continue on that.Its broad based in to where it goes. Some areas where we are going to befocusing more on the custom analog side will be in wireless, where there is alot more market there for us to go after. As well as continuing to expand ourfocus in the automotive section.
Ron Slaymaker: Amit, let me also go back and addsome clarification. What I gave you before was just what I'll call baselineWCDMA. If you look at the HSDPA piece, that's actually going to see much moresignificant growth in 3G. Our estimate there is that willabout an additional 70 million units, to what I gave you before. So, the totalcost baseline plus DPA market will be 260 million units and that's probably allthe HSDPA piece of it this year is in 10 million to 15 million unit range. So,let me just provide that clarification. Did you have follow-on? I guessthat was your follow-on, Amit. So, let's move to next caller please.
Operator: Next question comes from KrishnaShankar from JMP Security. Please go ahead.
Krishna Shankar - JMP Security: Yes. Given that you say theanalog market is quite fragmented and you are the largest player with 13%market share. What does it take for TI to accelerate your market share gains interms of acquisition? Do you feel that, the analog property is out there? Thatyou may be willing to acquire are richly valued? Or what does it take you fromaccelerating your market share gain through acquisitions?
Kevin March: Krishna, we have focused in thelast few years and it serviced us well, really on making sure that we got alarge sales force, large field application support, and a large broad cataloginternally. But we have been supplementing that catalog with acquisitions andthey serviced quite well. And that focus tends to be smaller-acquisitionfocused, on specific technology areas that we may lack internally. One otherway we take a look at it is where does a -- market seem to be headed and do wethink we will be able to intersect that organically. If we don't think we can and thenwe will look forward to acquisition that might supplement our ability tointersect the market. And again our buyers have been, with the smalleracquisitions. Because quite frankly, they are a lot easier to actuallysuccessfully integrate and turn in to a successful strategy. Big acquisitionscan be distractive and can be very time consuming. And so what we have beendoing works well and we will continue to do that.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have follow on, Krishna?
Krishna Shankar - JMP Security: Yeah. Also on the dividend side,given decreased CapEx requirements, it seems that there is lot of room there toincrease relatively modest dividend, and that could I think improve thestability in your stock price. What are your thoughts on increasing your dividend?
Kevin March: Well, since the fourth quarter of2004, we've actually increased our dividend five times to where it is now about$0.40 per share, per year. We would agree with your observation that the lowerlevel of CapEx and the increased stability of our cash flow certainly supportsus being able to return more cash to our shareholders overtime and the waywe've been doing at the last few years, its been through a combination of stockrepurchases, as well as dividend increases. So I won't predict too much aboutthe future but I will certainly agree with your assessment that our stabilityand cash flow certainly bodes well for the future.
Ron Slaymaker: And Krishna, just some additionalcolor, recall in April of this year, we doubled our dividend and then inSeptember we just announced that we were taking it up an additional 25% socertainly, as Kevin said, the dividend has been increasing. Okay. Let's nowmove to our next caller. Thank you, Krishna.
Operator: Our next question comes fromGurinder Kalra from Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Gurinder Kalra - Bear Stearns: Thanks. Yeah, most of myquestions have been answered. Just one question, what are the competitivepressures in the ASP issues you are seeing with your OMAP business and, doesthat change with the OMAP3?
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know that when you aretalking about competitive pressures, there certainly are other applicationprocessor players in the marketplace but I believe in terms of market share, TIreally stands head and shoulders above those other players. And so, I don'tknow that I would look at any single player and again I am not trying tominimize that those players certainly look at the opportunity as we do andrealize the aggressive growth opportunity that's there, but I wouldn't saythere is not really any single player that is particularly gaining tracks. Wasthere somebody specific that you had in mind going with that, maybe notaddressing.
Gurinder Kalra - Bear Stearns: No, just talking about the unduepressure from, I guess the 3G vendors, as well as developing on applicationprocessors as well as the graphic companies developing application processorshere?
Ron Slaymaker: Yeah. And again, I think there isno shortage of players that want to be engaged with this market. But again, asI would, as I described, I don't think there is any one that we view as havinga significant traction at this point and therefore your point on ASPs, Iwouldn't say there is any undue pressure on OMAP ASPs. I mean it's acompetitive marketplace, but nothing out of the ordinary for a wireless market.Okay, Gurinder. Thanks for your question and operator, will we have time forone more caller?
Operator: Certainly, sir. Our last questionis Allan Mishan from CIBC World Markets. Please go ahead.
Allan Mishan - CIBC World Markets: Hey, guys. A quick question onthe PC related shrink that you saw. As you are looking at Q4, do you worry thatperhaps things grew a little bit too quickly in Q3? And maybe that step has totake a breather? I'm not sure if that's something comprehended in yoursemiconductor guidance? I was curious to what your thoughts there?
Kevin March: Yeah. Allan we did give a prettygood range on our guidance and it certainly includes the possibility that if PCwas stronger than it should have been in third quarter then that would stillfall inside our guidance. But the fact is, we see a lot of other areas also,that it's a very broad set of customers we are selling into, and we see a lotof other opportunities for us to be able to achieve the revenue in ourguidance.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-up Allan?
Allan Mishan - CIBC World Markets: Have you had any specificcomments from those customers so far regarding the PC business perhaps havingshift a little bit too fast or at this point is it just a sort of speculationthat goes into your normal range?
Kevin March: I think that we have seen some ofthe some speculation in the media that you might be talking about. Allan Iwould just also point out that we have been pretty successful in serving ourcustomers in being able to secure good market positions and that certainlyserves us well as well, independent of what's happening with the actualunderlying growth rate or if the market was growing too fast last quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, thank you Allan and withthat we'll wrap up this call. Let me remind you that the replay is available onour website. Thank you and good evening
Operator: Thank you everyone this concludestoday's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time and pleasehave a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-23 17:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Ron Slaymaker - VP of IR   Kevin March - CFO 
Analysts: Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus   Glen Yeung - Citigroup   Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse   Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers   Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs   Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank   David Wu - Global Crown Capital   Chris Danely - JP Morgan   John Lau - Jefferies & Company   Uche Orji - UBS   Manish Goyal - Cref Investments   Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch   Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest   Doug Freedman - AmTech Research   Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities   Louis Gerhardy - Morgan Stanley 
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mary, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Texas Instruments' Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Call. All lines have been place on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). Thank you.  It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Ron Slaymaker. Sir, you may begin. 
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon. And thank you for joining our second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Kevin March, TI's Chief Financial Officer is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web.  This call will include forward-looking statements that include risk factors that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a complete description.  Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for September 11. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate, with this update.  In this call, all of our financial results will be described for continuing operations, including historical comparisons, unless otherwise indicated.  The second quarter results were very close to our expectations and demonstrated important progress at TI. Revenue of $3.42 billion was in the middle of our guidance range. Semiconductor revenue grew 5% sequentially from the cyclical trough in the first quarter. At the same time, gross margins moved up 80 basis points to 52.1%, a new high for TI.  Operating margins moved up even faster or 230 basis points to 23.6%. These increases indicate good progress towards the new goals that we set earlier in the quarter for the company to achieve 55% gross margins and 30% operating margins within the next few years.  In today's call, I'll review our highlights of revenue performance and then Kevin will discuss profit performance and the third quarter outlook. We will keep our remarks short saving time for us to respond to your questions.  TI revenue increased 7% sequentially, although declined 7% from a year ago. In addition to the solid semiconductor sequential growth that I have previously mentioned, education technology revenue more than doubled as retailers began to stock calculators for the back-to-school period.  The decline from year ago reflects a combination of items.  First, in the second quarter of 2007, the semiconductor market was still in the early stage of recovery from an inventory correction. In contrast, in the year ago quarter, our customers were building inventory. Second, in the year ago quarter, we received $70 million in revenue from a royalty settlement. Finally, our calculated revenue was down about $25 million or 13% from the year ago quarter.  As we discussed at mid-quarter update, we expect this was a timing shift by some major retailers to move their inventory build closer to the start of school, and this revenue should be recovered in the third quarter.  The sequential growth in semiconductor revenue was broad based with almost all product areas increasing. Analog product revenue of $1.27 billion was up 2% and DSP product revenue of $1.24 billion was up 7%. The growth in the analog product revenue was driven by strength and high-performance analog revenue. High-performance analog revenue grew 6% sequentially and grew 11% from the year ago quarter. Total analog revenue declined 3% from year ago. The increase in DSP product revenue was driven by demand for DSPs in cell phone applications.  Revenue from wireless applications grew 6% sequentially and declined 8% from year ago. The sequential growth was driven mostly by products sold into 3G high-end cell phones. The decline from year ago was due to lower sales of OMAP applications processors in the Japan market where a significant customer inventory overbuild was underway in the year ago quarter.  Wireless infrastructure revenue declined slightly sequentially, although grew from a year ago. The sequential decline primarily reflected continued inventory reductions in the 3G infrastructure markets.  As we've said before, we remain confident in the strength of TI's positions in the cell phone market. As evidenced, today Ericsson and TI announced a significant expansion of our long-standing relationship. In short, the two companies are forming a strategic technology engagement to combine 3G modem technology from Ericsson Mobile Platform with TIs OMAP applications processors.  Solutions from the engagement will include OMAP, custom-based brands and connectivity technologies including Bluetooth, GPS and wireless LAN. These solutions are targeted the smartphone market specifically 3G handsets with open high-level operating systems such as Windows Mobile, Symbian or Linux. We expect that handsets using these solutions will be available on the market in the second half of 2008 and the revenue will ramp overtime.  Nonetheless, we anticipate the wireless market will undoubtedly remain noisy in the months ahead, as OEMs continue to diversify their chip suppliers. However, in the end, we believe that TI offers a combination of technologies and customer focus that is unmatched and will unable us to continue to thrive in the wireless market as our renewed engagement with Ericsson demonstrates.  The remainder of our semiconductor revenue grew 5% sequentially and declined 17% from a year ago. The biggest factor in the sequential growth was the gain DLP revenue. The biggest factors in the decline from year ago, were RISC microprocessors, as well as, the royalty settlement in the year ago quarter.  At this point, I will ask Kevin to review profitability and our outlook. Kevin? 
Kevin March: Thanks Ron and good afternoon everyone. As Ron said previously, profitability gains this quarter reflect some of the potential that we believe is ahead for TI, as analog, especially high performance analog, becomes a more important part of our product mix.  TI's second quarter gross profit was $1.78 billion and gross margin was 52.1% of revenue. Gross profit grew $147 million from the first quarter as a result of the $233 million of revenue growth, resulting in an 80 basis point expansion in gross margin.  Operating margin grew even faster at 230 basis points, as we kept operating expense growth below the level of revenue growth. Total operating expenses of $975 million increased $18 million, sequentially. We held R&D above even, while SG&A grew 5%.  Operating profit for the quarter was $809 million or 23.6% of revenue. Operating profit increased $129 million from the prior quarter. Other income and expense was $56 million, up $16 million sequentially, primarily due to an impairment of an investment in the prior quarter.  Income from continuing operations was $614 million or $0.42 per share. This was a $0.07 increase from the prior quarter and a $0.05 decline from the year-ago quarter.  Let me remind you that the year-ago quarter included the $0.03 EPS benefit from the sales tax refund and a $0.02 benefit from the royalty settlement.  It might help if I summarize the second quarter's earnings per share transition from the $0.35 in the first quarter. All of the $0.07 increase was directly attributable to the higher revenue and result in utilization benefit.  A penny or below the line expense increase was offset by a plenty of other income and expense benefit.  I'll leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release. However, let me make just a few comments.  Cash flow from operations was $898 million in the quarter, and we ended the quarter with $3.58 billion in total cash. Both of these increased sequentially reflecting of reduced need for cash to meet working capital requirements, such as the payment of annual profit sharing and bonus that was made in the prior quarter. Higher net income also contributed to these increases.  In the second quarter, we continued our share repurchases using $742 million of cash to repurchase 21 million shares of TI common stock.  Inventory of $1.42 billion at the end of the quarter increased $15 million. All of the increase was due to our calculator inventory build in preparation for the back-to-school season.  Depreciation of $256 million in the quarter, dipped to 7% of revenue and capital expenditure of $174 million moved down to 5% of revenue in the quarter.  TI orders in the quarter were $3.45 billion, an increase of 8% sequentially. Semiconductor orders grew 6%. Our semiconductor book-to-bill ratio was 1.0 up slightly from 0.99 in the prior quarter.  Turning to our outlook for the third quarter, we expect total TI revenue in the range of $3.49 billion to $3.79 billion.  Semiconductor revenue should be in the range of $3.29 billion to $3.57 billion. These ranges are equivalent to sequential growth of 2% to 11% for TI, and 1% to 10% for the semiconductor segment.  Education Technology should be in the range of $200 million to $220 million as retailers would be in the peak of the back-to-school season.  Earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.46 to $0.52 in the third quarter.  As you likely noticed from Infineon's announcement in late June, we agreed to sell our DSL Customer Premises Equipment product line to Infineon. This move is consistent with our strategies to keep the companies resources focused on the best opportunities that will help us continue to progress toward our financial goals.  These products had revenue last year of about $225 million and have recently been running at about break-even.  In the outlook that we just provided, we assume that the sale will close at the end of July. In addition, the earnings per share estimate does not include the expected gain on the sale. We should have more detail on that impact at our mid quarter update.  To summarize, we believe our markets are regaining momentum as the market inventory correction continues to move behind us. TI's broad DSP and analogue portfolio uniquely positions the company across many of the highest potential electronics products in the market. As revenue grows and as analogue becomes a more important part of our mix, we expect further progress toward attaining our financial goals of 55% gross margin and 30% operating margin.  With that, let me turn it back to Ron. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks Kevin. At this point, I'll ask the operator to open lines up for your questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator? 
Operator: Certainly, sir. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Cody Acree from Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Hey, guys. Thanks for getting me in here. First, Ron or Kevin, can you talk about your inventories within the channel obviously building a little bit for the calculator business, but what are you seeing your customers doing? Have we seen any changes in lead times? Orders are up nicely, but perhaps may be, even if you can't quantify could you qualify what the tone has been from the customers as far as orders? 
Kevin March: Yeah, Cody, I think at the highest level, we say that inventories are probably in pretty good shape as evidenced by the fact that we saw our sales or our new orders increase by 6% quarter-over-quarter. As it relates to lead times, they are really quite stable, and we continue to see some improvements in some of those lines that we've been constrained on in the past. If we take a look at some of the channels, the distributor inventory looks to be okay. In fact, our sell-in was less but in their sell-outs, that inventory has decreased. And our calculation shows their turns now are about eight.  Our EDI OEMs seem to be okay, although, of course, we can't see into their channels. And as far as everybody else is concerned and again, based upon the order pattern, the indications are that the inventory seems to be in reasonably good shape. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: All right, great. Thanks. And then a follow-up, if I may? 
Ron Slaymaker: Sure. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: With regards to wireless, at the mid-quarter update it sounded like things were a little surprisingly strong in the 3G sector that may be that was one place that have been weaken, was coming back. With the benefit of hindsight now, do you have any more visibility as to maybe why that was, has that continued? Can you put in more color into what's going on there low-end versus high-end at wireless? 
Ron Slaymaker: Sure, Cody. I think you have it right in terms of what we've described at mid-quarter, and basically that carried forward in through the rest of the quarter. Basically, 3G maintained double-digit sequential growth, and I said maintain because that was actually the second consecutive quarter where growth in 3G was greater than and the double-digit range. So, probably, a little stronger than we had expected when we first came into the quarter, but welcome nonetheless.  I would say that wasn't the only area of growth. We had growth outside of 3G. In fact, the net of what was outside of 3G grew as well in the quarter but not as robustly, of course, as 3G. I would say the very low-end actually was probably more mixed results, and I would characterize that mix just based upon specific customers. We had one customer, I think, even on their earnings conference call last week, they characterized that they had become more selective during the quarter where they chose to engage at low-end basically opting to trade off some share for higher prices at their handset level and certainly, that pressured our unit shipments as well at the low-end. So again, good growth I would say, probably, if you look at the wireless growth overall, it's probably a little better than the average seasonal second quarter and certainly that was driven by strength in 3G handsets.  Okay, Cody, thank you, and I think Kevin had a quick addition to make. 
Kevin March: Yeah, Cody, I think I chose an incorrect word. I mentioned that just the inventories were turning eight times, I meant to say, there were about eight weeks of inventory, and I just spoke incorrectly there. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thanks Kevin. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. 
Ron Slaymaker: All right. Lets move to the next caller please, operator. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Glen Yeung from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thanks. Before I start, can I just clarify that your guidance for Q3 does not include revenues from the DSL business you are selling? 
Kevin March: Glen, actually they includes probably about a months worth of revenue. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay. 
Kevin March: And that business is operating about breakeven. It does not include any gain that we expect from the sale. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. All right. So, my first question really talks about analog linearity. I wondered if you could just give us a sense is to how analog progressed through the quarter and how the third quarter has started in that business? 
Ron Slaymaker: Glen, I would have to say, as you see from -- and when you are talking about analog, there is lot different pieces in analog. Are you specifically talking about high-performance analog or? 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Yeah, kind of, I mean, I would love hear a bit of both to be honest with you. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Well, I don't know that I am going to have any data for you on analog linearity, I can talk about linearity for the semiconductor revenue shipments overall. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay. 
Ron Slaymaker: But not want to get down into individual product areas. I would say certainly, just as you see from the high-performance analog number that we are reporting, certainly, that strength continues if you look outside of high-performance analog, I would say, we certainly recognize that the other analog is contributing very solidly from a profitability perspective, but growth is probably a little less than what we would have like to have seen, and we are certainly taking actions there to try to accelerate that growth, but as based upon the numbers we are reporting, certainly, we see that the growth that we've seen was driven by HPA.  Offsetting that growth would be some areas, for example, in wireless, and again I would characterize that as custom product, that we saw decline in and again, would be characterize as customer specific. And then also will decline in some of the analog products that we sell into the broadband areas, specifically DSL and wireless LAN. But again, I don't have specific linearity as applied to analog revenue. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay. So, my second question is, both, Ron, yourself and Kevin referred to this idea of a cyclical bottom in the first quarter. And if we think about the sort of cycles we've seen over the last two to four years, they were largely inventory driven, and I wonder if you could address, as we look into the future, are you doing anything differently to manage your inventories than you did over the last two or four years, when we did see these cyclical moves? 
Kevin March: Yeah. Glen, we actually commented on that, I believe that may be on last quarter or the quarter before, but we try to lessons learned from the past. One other things we are trying to do is stage our inventory a little bit differently, and if you take a look on even on most recent balance sheet you can see some of that but we are trying to position our inventory but the finished goods level such that we can meet very short lead times and then at the chip stock level that work in process, so that we can actually hit certain peaks or spikes in demand that may occur in short order. By doing that, we are hoping to keep our lead time stable and fairly reasonable which in turn should allow our customer's to avoid having to overstock inventory and prevent us from getting behind on deliveries. So overall, what that says is our inventory levels on average will be higher in the future than they were in the past, as we execute on that kind of strategies. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Kevin it's helpful. Thanks. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thank you Glen, and lets move to the next caller please, operator? 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Masdea from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Yeah, thanks a lot. Ron, as you mentioned the diversification of some of these OEMs, the supplier base, not obviously new news but, can you give us an idea of whats the equation rent of that, and also you have shown your potential, that holds your market share there, but what's the profitability looking like when you look in the next couple of quarter, is there any impact from that, from these competitors showing up? 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. I would say its hard for us to understand exactly where we are in terms of what stage. I think just as you have seen with Ericsson, they've certainly diversified their supplier base, you know, even if you look at announcements over the last year and yeah at the same time, we are very encouraged that with todays announcement, we've re-engaged and we've re-engaged probably stronger than we've ever been in terms of a much broader relationship with that customer that will now encompass OMAP where it didnt previously. And will also encompass connectivity solution.  So, you know, some of these will come and go in terms of where the customers are in their particular supplier strategies. At the same time, I think just listening to the noise thats been out there for some time amongst investor base, you know, theres probably still diversification taking place at various OEMs and well just wait and see how that plays out overtime. But what I would say and reiterate is just what we said in the prepared remarks which is it comes down to attention to customers and those customers needs, as well as the breath of technologies that a semiconductor vendor bring to these wireless handset customers and we feel very confident that we will continue to maintain a position of strength in the wireless market going forward.  Profitability and the impact of profitability of I think what you are characterizing as an increasingly competitive wireless market, did I capture that right? I would say -- and the wireless market has always been profitable. I think what you've seen and you've heard us talk about this before, that historically it was their diversity was across functions in the cell phone, so they would have a baseband supplier, they would have may be a power management supplier, an RF supplier and as that has now basically integrated into a single chip solution from TI and other vendors, they are seeking new ways to maintain diversity which basically is to take that function and divide it across multiple suppliers, but even though, for example, the strength we've had in basebands historically by no means do that mean it wasnt a highly competitive market and I would say going forward, we would not expect what I would call this supplier diversification strategy by the OEMs to detrimentally impact the margins that we engage within the wireless market. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Yeah, quick follow up on low cost. 
Ron Slaymaker: Sure. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: It seems like a structurally more concentrated market, correct me if I am wrong. But, does that causing any more volatility in terms of transitioning from one platform to another or any customer concentration issues at all relative to the mid and high end? 
Ron Slaymaker: I am sorry, was that an eCosto question? 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Well forget of LoCosto or eCosto as you find them and maybe especially for LoCosto. 
Ron Slaymaker: And you are saying more concentration from the customer -- the handset vendor perspective? 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: From the fact that you have more of your revenue coming from fewer handset models is what I mean. Do you find -- first of all, is that true and do you find that that causes any more volatility of that revenue lines for you guys? 
Ron Slaymaker: I wouldn't necessarily agree with that. I think we've always had a handful of wireless customers and a handful of -- in any one-time models, they have lots of different models, but for us, they are a much smaller number of platforms that drive that revenue. And when I look at the low-end, if anything, it's a positive because historically, we only had probably over the last seven years up until the last couple, there was this trend only towards more and more features in higher and higher-end handsets. What low-cost and the low-end segment of the market really was to add a new vector in terms of wireless growth that frankly is quite uncorrelated to the trend toward the high-end. So, if anything, it maybe volatile enough itself somewhat, but in terms of what it does for the growth of our business overall in wireless, I would say probably is a positive and from a stability perspective, it would be positive because of that non-correlation to the high-end growth. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. All right, Michael, and let's move on to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Luke from Lehman Brother. Please go ahead. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thanks so much. Just sort of clarification. Ron, it seems that the catalog, analog business was a little lower or lower as you close the quarter made up for by strength in the high-end wireless among in other areas. So, I was wondering, if you could just clarify that. And then, with respect to that with a book-to-bill of around 1.0, then your revenue guidance is obviously up fairly heavily for the third quarter. How should we think about reconciling the book-to-bill and the revenue up seasonally? And is it fair to say that seasonally you would usually end the third quarter with a book-to-bill that would be somewhat above the one level as you go into a reasonably strong fourth quarter or how should we think about that in terms of revenue and bookings? 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. I will take the first question related to catalog, analog and then Ill let Kevin address the book-to-bill part. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. 
Ron Slaymaker: First, actually that's inaccurate, versus as your point or your assumption that catalog or high-performance analog slowed late in the quarter and -- 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Not, high-performance, perhaps just the broader analog, the 60% is in high-performance. May be -- yeah, sorry, correct, correct. 
Ron Slaymaker: No, okay. And so, with that clarification, I would still say I disagree. In general, from the mid-quarter update things came in very close to what we had expected at that point. If you go back to the expectations at the very beginning of the quarter, I would say the main areas that we're different from, and again our April expectations would have been handsets were a little stronger, our infrastructure was little weaker and then there were some areas such as, in the DSP video arena that may have been a little weaker and that was really just drive by delayed ramp of a new customer program. But the variances to our forecast, especially at the mid-quarter were pretty minimal.  Kevin, do you want to answer the questions related to book-to-bill? 
Kevin March: Yeah, on the book-to-bill, I think what's probably a little bit more relevant, Tim, that we take a look at is the trend of the book-to-bill. So, for example, last quarter, the semi book-to-bill was 0.99, which means we were draining inventory. This quarter it's 1.0.  We actually had sales come in and as new orders coming faster, 6% quarter-over-quarter versus revenue growing at 5%, so we are in effect building backlog. SKUs are a bit more confidential and plus the trend is moving up and that tends to be more meaningful from a directional standpoint than what the absolute number is.  Beyond that we also have very good visibility in to our EDI customers, and we can see what their factory requirements are. So, you put all those together and it gives us a pretty high degree of confidence on the revenue range that we've suggested and in fact, we'll all see revenue grow going into third quarter. 
Ron Slaymaker: Yeah. Just as a reminder, I mean, if you just look at our second quarter, we grew revenue 5% sequentially on a book-to-bill back in the first quarter of 0.99. So, you don't always need a book-to-bill well above 1 to grow at the rate that we are growing now. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Right. And how does one expect that trend to continue while the orders may exceed the revenue? 
Kevin March: Well, on the thesis that it does appear that we are coming out of the correction cycle, and we are at the early stages of the correction that would tend to suggest that we'd see continuing growth as we go in to the second half. I mean, so naturally orders will have to leave their ground, so I think that's a fairly reasonable assumption. And what that actual ratio comes out to, Tim, that's pretty hard to call, we must know that. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. With respect to my follow-up, and if I may, just to clarify on with respect to DLP, if you had any color on that's done? Thank you so much. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. DLP was up over 20% sequentially, really reflecting the clearing out of excess projector inventory that was there in the first quarter as well as growth on the TV front. So again, DLP came in very close with our expectations growth over 20% sequentially.  Okay, Tim thank you for your questions. Lets move to the next caller please? 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon guys, thanks so much. This is a little bit of a follow-up to Tim's question but, relative to the cycle having bottomed in your opinion in the first quarter and the book-to-bill being improving, but not significantly above one. Do you think thats a function of the way you guys kind of manage the inventory and started wafers a little earlier so your customers dont have the same incentive the double order, so the way you manage this or is this an indictment of what kind of upturn we are having here? 
Kevin March: Jim, I think you've probably have hit a pretty good point there, that in fact we do have a lot more inventory station ready for relatively short lead times for our customers, that they dont need to be put in extended orders on as well as in time which is what typically does cause your book-to-bill to move well over one. So, I think you've got a very good point there, and then beyond that we are probably in early stages that I mentioned a while ago, there is another point I think where you end to it, as well. 
Ron Slaymaker: And we would agree with what you described as to what we are actually seeing. We are not seeing customers place extended backlog to the most part, they are giving us just a level of visibility that is required by the lead time on the products. That's type of consistent with what we see in the month ago, as well. So, do you have follow on Jim? 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Yeah. So I guess, I mean, the idea there would be maybe the slope is in the same as previous cycles, but you are not going to have the same kind of impact when things get a little bit softer ultimately. 
Kevin March: Im not really quite sure I am following Jim what you are trying to get to on the slope, you mean that the rate of increase that we receive? 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Well, right. Because if customers were double-booking then obviously the slope of your revenue growth, your book-to-bill may be a little bit higher, but then you obviously going to pay the price for that at the end. So theoretically, we keep going to an upturn, but we never see that kind of slope in terms of the revenue growth or, you know, improvement in the book-to-bill but you dont have to pay the price to the same extent when you get to the softer part of the next cycle. 
Kevin March: I like the picture, you are describing. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then maybe my final question. Just on the analog side, you guys are obviously doing a terrific job picking up share. You talked at the Analyst Meeting in very clear terms about the strategy for doing that and a lot of the share gain is kind of coming from that third bucket you described at the Analyst Meeting, the smaller customers where you have the scale and mask to you need to go after customers that maybe your competitors dont have the same scale and mask to go after. What kind of competitive response are you expecting from the rest of the analog industry, as they try and stop you guys on your continued share gain impact? Thanks a lot. 
Kevin March: Jim I guess, I would comment on that, we have already been seeing competitive response but I think the difficulty for our competitors again has to do with scale, that is we have a sales force that is such that we can just simply touch a lot more customers than any of our competitors can touch at a one point in time. We added to that the breath of our total product offering that we have and we can literally solve almost any problem that a customer may have on a particular Board that they're may be designing, which allows them to really solve their problem fairly quickly with solutions that we have as opposed to having multiple vendors in. Those are probably two elements of the position that we enjoy today and we'll enjoy in the future that we would expect to be quite difficult for our competitors to really be able to overcome, so we remained confident that our objectives to growing our positions in analog are really pretty solid and within our reach. 
Ron Slaymaker: And Jim, before we declare success and how TI managed its way through this upturn, let me just remind you that we are only one quarter up the bottom, so we still have ways to go before we can fully prove that thesis there, but we appreciate it nonetheless. Let's move to the next caller operator. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Hi guys, just with respect to the high volume analog side of things. Ron, it sounds like you mentioned that you guys were looking for profitability improvements over growth in recent quarters. Is that something thats going to occur for a while or how should we think about the balance between growth and profitability in that sub-segment? 
Ron Slaymaker: No, actually we have not emphasized profitability over growth recently. What I was really trying to characterize is, if you look at where that business is operating and frankly where it has been operating over the last year. Profitability is not a challenge. That business is fully consistent with our objective for that business on a profitability perspective. And for example, I think what we've said is, we believe that type of business should be able to drive gross margins, maybe a little below the corporate average, but probably in the mid to upper 40's and then probably with below the line expenses may be somewhere in the 10 to 15 points there about. In any case, the operative level above 30 points. My point is, its running at that level, and it has been running at the level. So, profit is where we want it, what we'd really like to see is more revenue growth from it and thats where we're going to probably put more emphasis. It's not about cost reduction, it's not about trying to improve true profitability, its accelerating the top-line is the clarification. Do you have follow on Ross? 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Yeah, I guess kind of too far one, if I can fill in there. What specifically can you do for the growth, there because as I look back its looks like, this is about the first, second quarter. This decade where that hasnt growth. So, I wondered if there is something specific going on or something specific where you expect the growth to accelerate. And then margins in that HPA side would be follow-up. On that if they, last quarter you said that they were just sneaking up to the bottom end of your target range, I wondered if they got over that bottom end in this quarter? 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. I will take the first and let Kevin address the second.  In terms of what we can do, I would say combinations of even organizational structure where we are allocating resources, what opportunities we're allocating resources and again, specifically, what opportunities we are addressing. Beyond that, I probably don't want to go into detail. In terms of high-performance analog profitability, Kevin? 
Kevin March: Yeah. The profitability in high-performance analog has been on a steady journey, improving over a number of years now, and in fact, continues to get stronger as we go through time and that's really on the gross margin line. It still has, while it's approaching, where we would say we want that at the lower-end, it still has some room to go. In other words, we are not satisfied with the low-end of that range. We want to move it up comfortably inside that. So, that's going to be a continuing effort as we continue to introduce new products as we have been doing 400 to 500 per year, and we see those products been accepted by the marketplace, and it become a bigger portion of our overall mix that slowly shifts that gross profit margin up and bring it up to the kind of performance we think that business is entitled to. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thank you, Ross. And we will move on to next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the David Wu from Global Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Yes. Can I ask the question on the gross margin? First, on the very simple thing, depreciation. Since you capital spending numbers coming down, what should we or how should we think about depreciation expense which is running at about $1 billion run rate in Q2? Would it be coming down in Q3 and Q4 and into calendar '08?  And if I could also follow-up quickly? At this point, I got the impression in the Analyst Meeting there is significant digital capacity available at TI and which presumably could be used for leveraging your gross margin further as the recovery take place, and I assume the same is true for your high-performance analog business? How much high can your margins go? 
Kevin March: Well, David, the short answer is that, of course, we are shooting towards 55% gross margins, and we just turned in a quarter at 52. So, we are on our way there. And we mentioned that we should be able to achieve that in a couple of years. So, that's kind of, I guess, a short answer to that part of the question. Our depreciation plan for the year, we expect about $1 billion of depreciation this year, and as you pointed out, we are on a run rate to that. We haven't forecasted next year just yet, but clearly, with our capital expenditures moderating versus what we've seen in years past that bodes well for a relatively stable depreciation over the next few time periods.  On the capacity front, I think you mentioned that you thought, you had heard that we had open digital capacity. In fact, what we've really pointed to is we have open analog capacity. If you recall that we outsourced most of our digital -- excuse me -- offers the half of our advanced photography which is where our advanced digital capacity is at.  We outsourced that to foundries. So, when demand drops, that's the first place that we pullback on loadings, which generally allows us to keep our internal factories relatively loaded. It has some line balancing issues, but generally speaking, they are relatively fully loaded. It's on the analog where we have quite a bit of capacity, especially as we can convert that older digital capacity ages, we can convert that over into analog, which constantly gives us additional capacity as we through the time. That's where we see the leverage as we begin to continue to have top line growth, and we can spread that revenue across those relatively fixed assets that in turn gives us additional margin opportunity. 
Ron Slaymaker: As well as just the fact that high-performance analogue tends to run higher gross margins on average anyway versus where the corporation runs. So, as growth is happening in that targeted area, that tends to blend up the corporate total on average.  David, thank your for your questions. And let's move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danely from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Hey, thanks guys. Just a different gross margin question. It sounds like DLP and HPA were up pretty strongly in the quarter. Do you think that mix had anything to do with your gross margins going up or was it all utilization rates? 
Kevin March: Chris, it's probably a combination of those. I mean, clearly just the fact that we saw 5% growth in revenue and kind of revenue outlook that we have given for second quarter that alone has increased in our utilization, especially on the analog side, a little bit. But in addition to that you are also getting some mix as you pointed out between DLP and HPA, but it's important to mention that we had a growth pretty much across the Board. DLP is a fairly small portion of our total revenues. Recall that Ron had mentioned earlier that wireless grew 6% quarter-over-quarter. It's a fairly sizable portion of our revenues. HPA grew 6%. DLP, as I mentioned, was about 20% or so growth quarter-over-quarter but a much small portion of our total revenues. So, I wouldn't really say that it was mix per say; it's a combination of the two, but utilization was clearly important as well. 
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have follow-on? 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Yeah, follow-on, yes. On the use of cash, you guys had a little bit of a buyback but your share count stay roughly flat. The dividend was roughly flat and your cash is starting to creep up towards $4 billion again. Can we expect more cash usage in the second half of the year, either dividend or buyback? 
Kevin March: Yeah, I think, Chris, we used about $742 million as I recall, repurchasing shares in the quarter. And actually, our dividend was up quite a bit. We used a $115 million on dividends in the quarter versus roughly 60 million or so in last few quarters because we doubled our dividend in this past quarter. So, in fact, we are using more cash, so it means are returning to shareholders. The share count didnt change all that much because part of what we repurchased we also have activity with employee exercises and so on and those two have to net-out and you have some of that activities just occurring is causing some Malaysian share count, as you go through the quarters. 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: So, we see cash continued to go up on the second half of the year? 
Kevin March: Well, I won't forecast cash because that's going to be certainly a function of what rate we buyback and sell on but I would just point out that we do still have at the end of the quarter about $3.8 billion of remaining authorizations from the board to continue our repurchases and to the extent that we have been able to execute on that in the past, we plan to continue to do that in the future. 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks guys. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Chris. Next caller please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Lau from Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead. 
John Lau - Jefferies & Company: Great. Thank you, Ron. I guess, I am going to circle back and state this quite bluntly. People are already starting to see the end of the semiconductor cycle already and I am wondering if you can come back and address a couple of things again. You mentioned that you are only one quarter off the bottom and we are still early in the cycle but just to refresh us and reemphasize that point, what do you see in terms of lead times and any double ordering? Thank you. 
Ron Slaymaker: Lead times are stable from where they were last quarter, I would say pretty stable really from where they've been for some time, double ordering I mean, given what we just described in terms of our orders, the order rate, the lack of extended orders that customers are giving to us none of that sounds like double ordering to me that sounds like customers that are still coming for the period where they were reducing inventory. They are cautious about not moving back into an excessive inventory position. And they have lead times from their suppliers, TI as well as other suppliers in general, that doesnt force down to place backlog out beyond what they can forecast their business. So, we would I guess, we would feel pretty strongly that we're still at that early stage of a cycle and we see no signs that this thing is going to turn back over again. Kevin, did you have any additional comments? 
Kevin March: Yeah, the only other reminder I would put in there again is, when we take a look at areas where we can see inventory in the distribution channel, for example, it continues to be quietly at about 8 weeks or so and as I mentioned earlier. We actually saw their inventories reduced over quarter-over-quarter. So, it doesnt feel to us like there is any buffer or excess inventory available out there that needs to burned-off and in fact that there is, much of an increase in demand versus our customers have laid in for their plans. They don't have to rely on the inventory that the component company such as TI are actually holding to trying to fill that gap. So, I think that we are well staged to deal with that and we really dont see any signs of product to the observation you made John. 
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-up question, John? 
John Lau - Jefferies & Company: Yes, and in terms of support for any upturn -- unexpected upturn in demand. You mentioned that you have additional analog capacity that you can put in line. And is the manufacturing cycle time now changed over the last several years, so that your reaction time to these upside order is quicker? 
Kevin March: The thing that we've done on that John, its not so much the manufacturing cycle time itself has changed. Its how we approach it logistically. We have stages, I mentioned earlier, more of that analog inventory, specialty catalog inventory into finished goods, as well as, more into what we call dye stock, which is really the completed dye just before it goes to assembly and test, that essentially allows us to pull the dye and within three to four weeks shipping out to customer, so between more finished goods inventory and a larger dye buffer we believe we are in a position to build a response, so there will be certain upturns, such as you described there and keep somewhat in lead times adjusting and therefore causing our customers to be alarmed. 
John Lau - Jefferies & Company: Great, Thank you. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, John. Lets move to next caller please? 
Operator: Our next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you very much. Can I just go back to the guidance if I may please? Just to understand how much impact this first business had within the June quarter. Can you tell us how much of June quarter revenues was is the DSL business, so, the DSL business that was 14 million? 
Kevin March: Last year it was about $225 million annual business, so you roughly say call around 50 million or so, maybe a little bit more than that. We figure about one months worth of that revenue will be in the quarter and thats what we included inside our range, should we expect to close on that by the end of July? 
Uche Orji - UBS: Okay. 
Kevin March: Okay, so the balance will not be -- we did not the balance into our forecast and so you need to adjust your expectation for that. 
Ron Slaymaker: And Uche that number is about where it has been running in first half of this year, so we didnt see a dramatic change from that into 2007. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Okay, that's clear. Ron, just maybe I misheard you but in your characterization of the wireless market it seems like you are saying the lower end is less robust than the higher end than a 3G, is that a correct statements of how the current prices to the market? 
Ron Slaymaker: No, I think thats fair characterization for what we saw in second quarter. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Is that a statement for the entire market or is that a statement or a fact that's what your customers are walking away from [UNICEF] and placing more profit side and does that imply that you lost share in that segment of the market? 
Ron Slaymaker: That's a comment specifically on TI. And at the same time, I would have to say that when it comes to the low-end of the market, I would say our customers represent the vast majority of that marketplace. So, what I think it really comes down to is maybe some quarter-by-quarter noise associated with a particular build plans from customers, inventory they may have in their channel they needed to work down, things like that.  I think the low-end segment of the market overall, and the importance of those emerging markets to TI going forward is unabated. But I think you've just seen some nose that would be more customer-specific noise over the course of, specifically in the second quarter. 
Uche Orji - UBS: All right. In terms of your ability to address what I may characterize [you all see] as of the markets in places like China with a solution like LoCosto, how much progress are you seeing with customized sales side of it yet to the more two or three segments of your market? Is there any color you can give us to how successful you have been with those segments of the markets? 
Ron Slaymaker: I think, I would say we have been successful with that product quite broadly. I think, of course, we and certainly investors focus on the largest customers, but at the same time, I think LoCosto we have engagements with 15 different customers at this point.  We have talked about our expectations by the end of 2007 that more than 50 phone models using LoCosto will be on the market. And today, we already have more than 20 hand set models that use LoCosto that are on the marketplace. And of course, that marketplace is still highly concentrated with a few of our customers representing the biggest volume, but our customer base actually is quite broad. So, if for some reason that were to shift and the Taiwanese manufacturers or the local China manufacturers became a much more significant factor going forward, we believe we are very well positioned with those handset vendors.  And with that, well, thank you for your call, Uche. And we'll move to the next caller. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Manish Goyal from Cref Investments. Please go ahead. 
Manish Goyal - Cref Investments: Yeah, hi. I have two topics, one on wireless and then one on Sun Microprocessor. Let me start with Sun. As you scale down your capital spending, what do you think will be the future of Sun business, what is the value you are providing to Sun as a foundry that they have to keep that business with you and they perhaps don't go directly to foundries? And then I have a follow-up on wireless. 
Kevin March: Manish, what we have done shortly, and we will continue to with Sun is that we work very hard on delivering them high-performance process technology and actually ramping their products to volume on those advanced technologies. It's what we've done, is what we'll continue to do. And which factories which are running those through as for these changes is relatively irrelevant. It's more a question of actually bringing these things up with the velocity that Sun requires when here to study these devices. I would just point out we had to work hard to win that business everyday for many years now, and we'll continue to do that in the future. But we are quite confident that we can meet Sun's needs and we have taken all action that we can to make sure that we do meet their needs going forward. So, this change in how we go about developing our process technology, we do not believe will have any material impact on our relationship or on our ability to support Sun. 
Ron Slaymaker: Manish, you said you had a wireless follow-up? 
Manish Goyal - Cref Investments: Yes. Ron, I was wondering that today's press release with Ericsson, are these products likely to hit the market sometime, and I mean the semiconductor devices, sometime in late 2008 or early 2009 timeframe, is that the right way to think about this? 
Ron Slaymaker: Well, I think, what we have said and what we said was that in second half '08 handsets will be on the market using those products. So, you might assume that earlier it's going to be more standard products, so for example it maybe a standard OMAP device that EMP is folding into Ericsson mobile platforms folded into a chipset some of the connectivity products or whatever. But then over time, certainly, the two companies will work aggressively to optimize the implementation and the integration of their base stand as well as our applications processor. So, we will get to the market relatively quickly, meaning second half '08. But again, integration and the revenue we would expect to continue to ramp over time beyond that. 
Manish Goyal - Cref Investments: Sure. Just one last follow-up. You had a sole supplier relationship at Sony Ericsson, if I remember correctly, at EMP I should say. Do you think you will maintain sole supplier relationship for 3G based band shipping in 2008? 
Ron Slaymaker: Actually, we have not been the sole supplier. I believe it was last December Ericsson had -- I dont know if it was Ericsson or FT Micro, but basically, there was a release went out that FT would be providing base bands to Ericsson. So, we have not been the sole. I think you will find Ericsson continue to maintain diversity of suppliers but at the same time, we also feel very good that the work we're going to be doing with Ericsson through this joint engagement not only on OMAP but also on the baseband processor will allow our penetration to start moving back in the right direction on their baseband product so, again we'd not been to sell we hope that this will translate to increased penetration for TI at Ericsson going forward. And with that Manish, I will thank you for your questions and lets move to next caller please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joseph Osha from Merrill Lynch, please go ahead. 
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Thanks guys. Wasnt that the share count has been dropping pretty consistently by about $100 million a year if you look over the past couple of years. Can we still think about you are maintaining that trajectory as we go forward? 
Kevin March: Joe, what we've been doing as you pointed out, there is a pretty consistent type of repurchase and what we would describe as a measured approach to our repurchases that, we are doing over a period of time. We believe that has served us well and served us well in future and to the extent that we continue to have authorizations in the board, we will execute on that. They were lined-up being a $100 million net reduction per year or something different from that. I cant quite forecast thats going to be a function of price and inventory exercises and host of other things. But, certainly our intent to continue repurchases when the prices are attractive and we continue to make accretive repurchases on the company. 
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Well, okay. But we are modeling, is there a number, how is it $50 million, 25 not to be pathetic but neutralizing employee options, exercises is not a buyback in my eye so. What I am trying to understand is, if you are going to out buying back stock to what extent that's going to impact the share count? 
Kevin March: So, I think if you take a look already for the first half of this year, our diluted share count is down about 30 million shares. 
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Against the second and so we can at least think about that trajectory maintaining itself to some extent? 
Kevin March: I think you can model something that affect you but again its kind of hard, I understand that the challenge you have trying to model that in but its the same that we have, its a function of price and volumes that we actually can purchase that in the future. But we intend to use the authorization of the board has given us to continue repurchases, ideally were bringing the share count down overtime as you see in the last couple of years. 
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And may I ask a follow up? 
Ron Slaymaker: Sure 
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Can you talk in the aggregate about your utilizations that actually not in the aggregate on the EMOS side of business, wherever you are keeping internal facilities loaded but how is your manufacturing activity this quarter trended relative to last quarter if we just set the analog aside, and look at the leading CMOS, though? 
Kevin March: Well our utilization levels have picked up actually on both sides, I mean coming out of the correction that we put back on loading starting in the fourth quarter and going to do adjust and slightly going up in the first quarter but affected all of the factor is but clearly as we have seen the revenue grow in second quarter and our outlook for third. We've continued to pick up our load in-out of our factories, a digital factors, as you mentioned are already very heavily loaded and the analog factor are picking up on utilization and continue to have quite a bit of available capacity for us to expand on. 
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: And again that was a second quarter statement; we wont talk about utilization in third quarter, the current quarter until we complete the quarter. 
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Thank you. 
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Okay, Joe. Thank you. Lets move to next caller please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Feeney from FTN Midwest. Please go ahead. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest: Hi, thanks. Question a little bit more on the wireless side. So, you remarked that there were some customer specific noise in the second quarter, and I guess, I am wondering where do you see that in the second half, is this really a function of the timing of model development and release for TI or is there something more fundamental about the market that you see developing at the low-end? 
Ron Slaymaker: I think, again, its very customer specific. I think, just even thinking back on their conference call, they talked about model development, things that they needed to do to get to cost points that they wanted to be able to address that marketplace and then also just you know some decisions they are making on profitability and which areas they target their resources to drive the business model for their company, but again all that discussion is very customer specific. So I don't think at all it say statement about the broader market necessarily as much as a particular customer's strategy.  Do you have a follow-on, Joanne? 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest: Yeah. Just a quick one. You remarked that you saw the dollar content in cell phones would rise even as your customers diversify their supplier base. Do you see that happening now or expect it continue? 
Ron Slaymaker: Well, I think this announcement with Ericsson is a great example. Basically, historically, we've manufactured different parts of the modem for them. Functions like power management, at times the digital baseband and so, I think what you see in an announcement such as this is inclusion of product such as OMAP, inclusion of connectivity product, and I think that trend is very representative of what we're seeing on a much broader base across our handset OEM and again, it's no longer just manufacturing a custom digital base band for our customer, it's moving into some of these more far reaching areas that in general will tend to drive our content up.  So, yeah, we feel pretty optimistic about the opportunity there. And of course, when more and more of this functionality is integrating into fewer and fewer chips, the customers need to be looking at suppliers that they believe over the long term have all the various pieces and the technology to be able to integrate those various pieces together. And I think we feel good about our position and our ability to support those customers.  Okay. And with that Joanne, thank you for your questions. And let's move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Freedman from AmTech Research. Please go ahead. 
Doug Freedman - AmTech Research: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the time. Kevin, if I could start at a very high level, the new operating model target. Can you help us understand which you think you are going to achieve first, should we expect gross margins to get there first or is it the operating margin target? 
Kevin March: Doug, I don't think I can really give you much more commentary on that having to say that we expect that those two go hand-in-hand on average over time, whether one arrives a quarter soon or the other that would be probably misleading to think I have that much precision in my forecasting capability. 
Doug Freedman - AmTech Research: All right, I was just trying to figure out if one was more dependent upon the revenue growth than the other? 
Kevin March: For the revenue growth, it's certainly important because it allows us to leverage the fixed assets that we have, and then you add to that just [AG mix] for these clients, but that's making analog a bigger portion of our total revenue over time. So, those two things are the biggest contributors to gross margins and that will fall through to operating margin. 
Doug Freedman - AmTech Research: All right. And then If I could, my follow up, Motorola clearly struggling in the wireless base right now, very well known, many suppliers really missing numbers. You guys are a supplier to a couple of different channels. Can you talk about the impact that that has had on your business and then the outlook that you have for their business going forward? I know you have got a bunch of programs going on to actually increase your share there. 
Ron Slaymaker: Well, certainly, Motorola is impacting business as we are hiring them or especially, in to the low-end a part of their handset segment, our outlook to that. Now, I could not comment other than, you've seen trends over time with handset manufacturers that anytime when they'll doing better than the other, we do not account any of them out, and I am seeing things now that Motorola going forward as well. So, beyond that we certainly wish I can comment.  So, thanks for questions, and let's move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Ron, first question I have to you back to the expanded Ericsson lines you highlighted today before your call. You talked about OMAP at Connectivity Solution. Anyway you can help us quantify other than whatever market growth that's been through Ericsson mobile. How much more growth do you think you can layer on top of that. Is that 10% more than you would have previously anticipated or you could help quantify, how much your dollar penetration in a handset would increase with Ericsson versus your previous expectations? 
Ron Slaymaker: Sumit, I can't and the issue is that, for example, there is the core modem on that, we'll go into every handset that, although the depending upon the supplier strategy, we may not have a 100% of that, although certainly that's our objective. But at the same time, then you have the applications processor. But once you start getting out to the connectivity solutions, that highly dependent upon what the in-handset manufacturers choose to configure for a particular handset model, not every handset will require GPS not every handset will require wireless LAN, certainly a high percentage of handsets hopefully will elect to implement Bluetooth. But again, we are talking to couple of years out trying to understand that exact mix is difficult but what I can say is that we feel very good that this represents a significant content increase for TI, but exactly how significantly will probably able to characterize better once that time is passed. Did you have a follow on Sumit? 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Yes, I did actually. The benefits that you'd previously talked about to OpEx from your restructuring actions, have we seen any of that start to flow through yet, and you talked about it $200 million benefit on a normalized basis annually. But has that sort of trickle through yet, or is that mainly a late '07, early'08 phenomenon? 
Kevin March: Sumit, thats going to be pretty much an '08 phenomenon. But it will begin certainly, that it already is, but you really dont see it because at the same time we will have to record restructuring charges along with it, which you are trying to net themselves out. As we actually complete those activities and wind those down here in the second half of this year. But we will see those coming through in a very nice fashion certainly as we move in 2008. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Just to clarify then, Kevin, the restructuring charges that you are incurring, that's reflected in your operating expense guidance? 
Kevin March: Yes, it is. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Sumit. Thank you for your questions. And operator, I think we have time for one more caller, one more question. 
Operator: All right sir, our last question comes from Louis Gerhardy from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Ron Slaymaker: And Louis, I didn't mean to imply a rule, we will give you a follow-up. 
Louis Gerhardy - Morgan Stanley: Just in terms of Ericsson. Is there any exclusivity in any way either, you know, time or otherwise and just who is going to manage the customer in this case? 
Ron Slaymaker: I think in general, Louis the way to think about it is we are basically wining design position, especially with OMAP and EMPs reference design and so, there -- in general, they will lead the marketing effort for getting that reference platform deploy to various handset manufactures and then we are viewing EMP of course as the design customer here, although when it actually comes to operating, support manufacturing, the ultimate handset manufacturer will be our customer as well, did that answer the question or do you have something else embedded in there, Louis? 
Louis Gerhardy - Morgan Stanley: No, that answer to it and then might just follow-up would be, I think you said HPA was up around 6% sequentially, is that around 5 to 10 then with the balance of analog HPAL? 
Ron Slaymaker: All right Louis, let see the -- yeah, its actually probably more and a little bit above that number but over 500 yeah, a little bit and I am sorry what was -- with the balance of what? 
Louis Gerhardy - Morgan Stanley: The balance of analog would be HPAL is that right? 
Ron Slaymaker: Yes. You know, that was up as well but certainly I would characterize that growth is flat to slightly up whereas HPA was the driver of growth in the quarter. Okay, Louis, thank you for your questions and with that we will wrap up the call. Let me remind you that the replay is available on our website. Thank you and good evening. 
Operator:

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-23 17:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Ron Slaymaker - Vice President & Manager, Investor Relations   Kevin March - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President 
Analysts: Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus   Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse   Glen Yeung - Citigroup   Craig Hettenbach - Wachovia   Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers   Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs   Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank   John Lau - Jefferies   Chris Donnelly  JP Morgan   David Wu - Global Crown Capital   Uche Orji - UBS   Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch   Mark Lapacis - Prudential   Louis Gerhardy - Morgan Stanley   Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities   Doug Freedman - AmTech Research   JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest 
Operator:  Good evening. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Texas Instruments first quarter earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Ron Slaymaker. Sir, you may begin your conference. 
Ron Slaymaker : Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our first quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Kevin March, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web.  This call will include forward-looking statements that include risk factors that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a complete description.  Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for June 11. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges, as appropriate, with this update.  In this call, all of our financial results will be described for continuing operations, including historical comparisons, unless otherwise indicated.  We believe the first quarter marked a significant milestone for our company. For the first time, TI has moved through the trough of a cycle with gross margins in excess of 50% and operating margins above 20%. In fact, operating margins were 650 basis points above our last cyclical trough in the fourth quarter of 2004. In addition, the quarter included expense for stock options, whereas we didn't expense options in 2004. As a percent of revenue, total stock-based compensation expense in the first quarter was 230 basis points higher than in the fourth quarter 2004 period.  This performance reflects our manufacturing operations that are fully proving their resiliency to flex both up and down, as well as the enhanced quality of our product portfolio. Specifically, the role the highly differentiated analog products have played. In today's call, I'll review our highlights of revenue performance and then Kevin will discuss profit performance and the second quarter outlook. We will keep our remarks short, saving time for us to respond to your questions.  First quarter TI revenue of $3.19 billion declined 8% from the fourth quarter and 4% from a year ago. Revenue was impacted by an inventory correction in the semiconductor market that we believe largely ended in the first quarter. Revenue was in the upper half of the updated guidance that we provided in March. Kevin will provide more details on our outlook in a few minutes.  The first quarter's sequential decline in semiconductor revenue was broad-based across most product areas. Total semiconductor revenue declined 8%, with both analog and DSP revenue down 5% and the remaining revenue down 17%. Semiconductor revenue was down 4% from a year ago, as lower DSP revenue more than offset growth in analog.  The DSP product revenue declines of 5% sequentially and 10% from a year ago were similar to the wireless trends that I will talk about in a minute. Outside of wireless, most of our DSP product lines declined sequentially. From the year ago quarter, revenue declined in areas such as high density voice and catalog products. In both comparisons, we saw DSP growth in automotive navigation systems and industrial control.  Total analog product revenue declined 5% sequentially, although grew 2% from the year ago quarter. The sequential decline was across most analog products. The growth from a year ago was comprised of growth in high performance analog, automotive and broadband modems that was partially offset by a decline in wireless analog revenue. High performance analog revenue declined 5% sequentially and grew 8% from a year ago.  Revenue from wireless applications declined 7% sequentially and was down 9% from a year ago. For cell phones, 3G revenue grew sequentially, as we believe the excess inventory in this segment of the market was mostly cleared in the second half of last year. Revenue from mid range and low end products declined as inventory was reduced in the market. Compared with the year ago, 3G revenue was about even, while mid range and low end revenue declined.  Wireless infrastructure revenue declined sequentially, although was up strongly from a year ago. The opportunity for TI in the wireless market took a big leap forward in the first quarter, when we announced a significant design win at Motorola to jointly create a 3G solution customized to their needs. Beyond our current customer engagements, Motorola is an important strategic opportunity to drive higher 3G revenue and we are pleased that we have won this program as part of a far-reaching engagement with that customer.  Finally, in DLP products, first quarter revenue declined 30% sequentially and 15% from a year ago. As we explained in January, the front projector market was reducing excess inventory in the quarter, whereas we believe the TV and cinema markets were positioned with desired amounts of inventory. The decline from a year ago was due to lower projector revenue.  At this point I'll ask Kevin to review profitability and our outlook. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Kevin March :  Thanks, Ron and good afternoon, everyone. Profitability this quarter was solid, especially in the face of the significant revenue decline of the last two quarters. It confirms our strategic approach to manufacturing, our increasing focus on analog, and great efforts by TI employees around the world.  TI's first quarter gross profit was $1.64 billion and gross margin was 51.3% of revenue. Gross profit fell $111 million in the fourth quarter due to the decline in revenue. Despite the decline in revenue and less royalty income, gross margin expanded by 80 basis points sequentially as we pulled back on production costs faster than the revenue declined.  Operating expenses of $957 million declined $24 million sequentially and are back down to where they were a year ago. The sequential decline was achieved mostly due to actions across the company to contain these expenses, despite the pressure of seasonally higher pay and benefits.  Operating profit for the quarter was $680 million or 21.3% of revenue. Operating profit declined $87 million from the fourth quarter. Operating profit included stock-based compensation expense of $78 million or 2.4% of revenue. Other income and expense was $40 million, down $30 million sequentially due to the fourth quarter settlement of all remaining matters related to grants from the Italian government regarding TI's former memory business operations.  Income from continuing operations was $516 million, or $0.35 per share. Although income from continuing operations declined 5% from a year ago, on a per share basis these earnings increased 6%, reflecting the impact of our share repurchases over the past year.  It might help if I summarized the first quarters earnings per share transition from the $0.45 that our continuing operations produced in the fourth quarter. Non-recurring items in fourth quarter reduced earnings per share by about $0.07. These included the R&D tax credit, catch-up royalty payments, and our final settlement with the Italian government. Lower sequential revenue further reduced EPS by about $0.04. In addition, our higher estimated annual tax rate for 2007 compared with 2006 reduced EPS by about $0.01. These declines were partially offset by about $0.01 of operating expense reduction in the first quarter, and about $0.01 that resulted from our lower share count.  I'll leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release. However, let me make just a few comments. Cash flow from operations was $554 million in the quarter and we ended the quarter with $3.34 billion in total cash. Both of these decreased sequentially, reflecting the increased cash needed to meet working capital requirements, such as payment of profit sharing and bonus related to 2006 performance, as well as lower net income. The profit sharing and bonus expenses were accrued quarterly in 2006 based on our estimates for the full year and were paid out in the first quarter based on the full year's actual performance.  In the first quarter, we used $857 million of cash to repurchase 28 million shares of TI common stock. TI shares outstanding declined by 8% over the past year.  Inventory of $1.41 billion at the end of the quarter declined $28 million even as revenue declined. We are pleased with the results of our strategy to position the inventory ahead of demand so that we are able to meet the needs and timeframes of our customers. This has been instrumental in our market share gains over the last five years, especially in analog. With demand now rebounding, we are well positioned to support higher levels of revenue in the second quarter.  Even with declining revenue in the quarter, depreciation was only 8% of revenue and capital expenditures were even lower at 6% of revenue. These metrics are moving into a range that you would expect for an analog company as we focus our internal capital expenditures increasingly on analog products and continue to outsource much of our advanced logic production.  TI orders in the quarter were $3.20 billion, an increase of 4% sequentially. Semiconductor orders grew 3%. Our semiconductor book-to-bill ratio was 0.99, a solid improvement from 0.89 in the fourth quarter. As a result, in the second quarter we expect total TI revenue to resume sequential growth and to be in the range of $3.32 billion to $3.60 billion. Semiconductor revenue should be in the range of $3.14 billion to $3.40 billion. These ranges are equivalent to sequential growth of 4% to 13% for TI and 1% to 9% for the semiconductor segment. Education technology should be in the range of $180 million to $200 million as retailers begin to stock graphing calculators in preparation for back-to-school. Earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.39 to $0.45 in the second quarter.  To summarize, in January we said that inventory correction of our customers was happening quickly and we said that we expected that it would be relatively short lived. We believe the correction has now largely ended, orders have begun to rebound, and we expect sequential growth to return in the second quarter.  As our first quarter results demonstrate, we have progressed as a company and are continuing to progress. As our financial performance has strengthened, we have increased our returns to shareholders, repurchasing about $10.7 billion of stock over the past ten quarters and reduced our shares outstanding by 17%. We have also raised our dividend in each of the last four years. Last week, we doubled our dividend.  Analog, with its higher gross margins and lower capital requirements has been an important contributor to this progress and we expect that it will become even more so in the years ahead. The opportunity inherent in analog is apparent. TI is the analog market leader, yet we hold only about 13% share of this very large market. Because this market is so fragmented, we believe we have an opportunity to grow our revenue even faster than the market overall. As analog continues to become a bigger part of our revenue mix, we believe it will contribute further to our financial performance.  With that let me turn it back to Ron. 
Ron Slaymaker :  Thanks, Kevin. At this time, I'll ask the operator to open up the lines for your questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus. 
 Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Can you give any granularity as to your comments on improving order trends? Any in the market tone, any place where maybe things have gotten stronger, where things maybe still lag? 
 Ron Slaymaker:  Cody, I don't know that I would try to spike out any particular end market for strength. I think even as we were saying back in early March when we were at that time indicating our expectation for growth in second quarter, the inventory correction that we saw in first quarter was very broad based and we expect the recovery that is happening in second quarter to be similarly broad based. So there's not any particular area that I would specifically spike out for growth. 
 Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus:  Nothing stands out one way or the other? 
 Ron Slaymaker:  No. 
 Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: LoCosto obviously doing very well and maybe helping to add something unique to TI's wireless that we're not seeing from some of the larger OEMs. Can you maybe break out how LoCosto's impacting your outlook? Is it impacting your outlook? If not, then what should we expect for LoCosto through the rest of the year? 
 Ron Slaymaker:  Cody, I would say LoCosto is in the number but I wouldn't say it's disproportionately impacting our near term outlook. As we described in January, we had a great first quarter ramp in -- first quarter meaning the first quarter of its full production, which was fourth quarter of last year. The first quarter of this year, built upon that and the ramp continued to be sharp and revenue continued to expand.  So probably without trying to get to a quarter by quarter type of analysis, I think in general we would expect that ramp just to continue through the course of this year such that by the end of the year, probably at least half of the products that we're shipping into the low-end segment of the wireless market, we would be expecting to be based upon LoCosto. So it will continue to build through the course of the year. But again, when we're looking at second quarter and our growth expectations, that's part of it, but certainly not a disproportionate part. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse. 
 Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Really impressive guidance, better than seasonality, but I guess the concern is we just came off an inventory correction here. Is this just somewhat of a step up and given that visibility, still doesn't look phenomenal and we're still below 1.0 in terms of book-to-bill. Are we stretching too far out? Just give us a little color on that and give us a little bit of confidence around that. 
 Kevin March:  Michael, I think one of the things that gives us some confidence as to the outlook that we gave you is that as you pointed out, the book-to-bill has improved quite a bit over the last couple of quarters, hitting 0.99 in semiconductor. More importantly, what we saw was our daily sales trend actually turned the corner in March. After watching our monthly sales decline for several months in a row, March sales increased; and in fact, our daily sales increased by 20% over the same daily sales rate that we saw in February. You put that together with a reasonable book-to-bill coming out of the quarter and that gives us some confidence that we will see some reasonable growth going into second quarter. 
 Ron Slaymaker:  Michael, the other thing I would add is probably about, I would say a quarter, of our semiconductor revenue these days is on consignment or other type of EDI programs where it's not a traditional backlog-based type of system. Basically we get production planning information but the orders don't come in until the customer actually needs the product. To add to what Kevin said in terms of what we're seeing on our backlog, for the most part that data that's feeding into those consignment and EDI programs similarly points to growth and gives us confidence into the second quarter.  Then one other thing would be just quarter-to-date sales. Certainly what we saw during the month of March has carried forward thus far into the current quarter and again, all that points to the guidance that we just provided. 
 Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: When you look at your specific program to customers, do you think there's a share gain aspect to this guidance already or is this just the broad market picking up and you're playing into that? 
 Ron Slaymaker:  I would say probably the biggest factor is just the fact that the inventory correction is over and that is probably a broader market trend; certainly the fact that TI is especially focused in DSP and analog in the markets that we participate in will benefit TI relative to the overall semiconductor space. On top of both of those considerations, I think if you look at our performance in analog for the last five years, we've picked up probably on the order of 5 points of market share.  If you look at our performance specifically in high performance analog, I think our CAGR from '01 to '06 was something like 19%. I believe the combination of our top three high performance analog competitors over that same period was 8%. So we have been gaining share and we expect to continue to lead the pack through 2007 as well. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Glen Yeung - Citigroup. 
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup:  Kevin, if I look into your second quarter guidance, depending on what we calculate for OpEx, gross margins could be flat or up or could be slightly down. Just give us your thoughts between those two numbers, between gross margin and OpEx and how we should think about those in Q2. 
 Kevin March:  Glen, we don't typically break out the details there, but I know you can do the math from the bottom up. In fact, with the growing revenues we would expect improving results and clearly our growing EPS would suggest that our operating results will be stronger than what we just closed in first quarter.  From a gross margin standpoint, as we continue to see the mix of analog product make up a bigger portion of our revenue and that enjoys higher overall margins, we expect that to continue to contribute positively to the gross margin. So that's probably about all the color I'll give you on that right now, Glen. 
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup: When we think about the handset business, lots of talk about share gain/share loss and where it's happening and where it's not. I wonder if you guys could give us your perspective on socket wins and losses relative to overall market share, because those two things aren't necessarily the same thing. Just give us your feel on those two issues. 
 Ron Slaymaker:  Socket wins and losses relative to the overall market share. As I understand your question, your statement, I think you're exactly right, Glen. Not all sockets are equal and sometimes even within major customers, certainly not all programs are equal. What I would say, just in general, a lot of chatter about whether TI's won this socket or lost that socket. Let me just say overall, we've got a strong position in wireless and we expect to hold this strong position.  I think we mentioned back in March that part of the process that's happening is that as we integrate more features and functions into our products, such as RF, analog baseband, and integrate that into the digital baseband functionality, such that we've done with LoCosto, we're absorbing value, functionality that had been historically provided by other suppliers to our customers; and so as these customers have historically maintained a diversity of suppliers, this type of integration trend then presents them with challenges as to how to partition their business among suppliers and maintain still some diversity in the supplier base.  So again, I think if you consider that and look at market share, not based on what's the percentage of a customer's digital basebands that you're shipping but instead look at it as a percentage of their semiconductor dollar, I think we'll like the results. In addition, certainly that applies to some of TI's traditional customers but above and beyond that, that trend toward diversifying a handset vendor's supplier base also presents opportunities for us to increase our penetration at certain customers.  Certainly the one that jumps to mind there is Motorola and the announcement that we made with them in January where we're basically extending our relationship from what was historically just the low end segment of their product line through mid range edge products as well as up into OMAP, custom 3G, and even WiMAX products. So net/net, I think all that presents an opportunity for TI to continue to expand our position in the wireless market. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach - Wachovia. 
 Craig Hettenbach - Wachovia: Ron, to follow-up on Motorola, since you announced the expanded relationship in January it sounds like they're looking to be more aggressive with second source solutions. Can you just talk about any milestones or timeline of opportunities at Motorola over the next six to nine months? 
 Ron Slaymaker:  Well, again, we announced several different programs as part of that announcement. Some may be earlier certainly than others. One that's probably getting a lot of attention just in terms of the timeline and even received some commentary on their call was the 3G program. What I would say there is certainly TI, and I believe Motorola, are both motivated to make that happen as quickly as possible. The reality is we're probably talking handset production in 2008 based upon that custom product that we're jointly developing with Motorola. 
 Craig Hettenbach - Wachovia: Kevin, TI's been more aggressive in buying back stock relative to dividend distribution in the last few years. Anything to read from the doubling of the dividend last week? 
 Kevin March:  I think the thing if you're going to try to read anything from it, Craig, is really we keep on looking for efficient ways to return some of the cash successes that we've had to our shareholders and the two ways that we've used over the last few years have been principally through stock buybacks, but also through dividends. As you noted, we increased the last four years and the most recent one was doubling, so I think this is just a reflection of the ongoing consistent cash flow generating capability of the company as we see analog becoming an increasing mix of our total portfolio. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers. 
 Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers:  Thanks very much. Ron, in describing an uptick in orders in April, should we think about that being reasonably evenly distributed in terms of the momentum between wireless DSPs and analog? Or as you mentioned in the release, analog playing an increasing role and we should think about that maybe seeing a sharper uptick?  Then maybe just for Kevin, the gross margin up sequentially despite lower revenue, maybe you could talk about some of the elements that contributed to that and how should we think about the utilization being a major factor continuing to increase in the second quarter? Thank you. 
 Ron Slaymaker:  Well to the first part of your question, comparing wireless DSP to analog and outlook, I guess as I said before, we expect the recovery, expect growth in second quarter to be broad based. I really don't want to try to specifically break the outlook down into various product areas, other than saying in fact both of those areas, certainly analog semiconductors has been going through an inventory correction in the market more broadly, probably even since sometime mid last year. But at the same time in the case of wireless, there's been a correction probably in the case of 3G handsets, not so much components but in terms of handsets during second half of last year and then more broadly outside of 3G continuing through first quarter. So both of those will see the benefit of rebounding off of that inventory correction but as to the relative strength between those two, we simply don't break our guidance down. 
 Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers:  Maybe then just as a follow-up to that, we would think that seasonally after a little bit of time of the book-to-bill running close or slightly below 1, you would then seasonally have it up as they saw some seasonal improvement into the third quarter, as you exit the second quarter. Is that a fair assumption? 
 Ron Slaymaker:  Well, I think if you just look at seasonal trends, typically on a sequential basis our wireless handset revenue grows about 5% sequentially in the second quarter and then you're right; once you move into the third quarter, typically we would see probably about 10% or so sequential growth. Again, that's ten year type of average growth rates, not certainly any forecast as to what we might expect this year.  At the same time, I would also say, Tim, that if you just look at our high performance analog trends, the second quarter has tended to be a pretty strong quarter for that product line as well. But if you put it all together, an average second quarter growth rate for our semiconductor business overall would be in the 3% to 4% range. So given the range of our guidance that we just offered, clearly we have the opportunity to do better than that seasonal average. So we'll just have to see how it develops from here. 
 Kevin March: Tim, on your questions about gross margins, certainly in the first quarter you did see those pick up a bit. What you really saw was our ability to reduce our overall manufacturing costs at a pace faster than revenue actually declined. So for example, we were able to shift our loads from foundries to our internal factories on those products that are outsourced. We also had been mentioning that we were starting the factories back up. In fact, we're taking the opportunity to build ahead on some of our high performance analog product which depleted quite a bit during the last growth cycle.  If you look on our balance sheet, you can actually see the effect on that. While our total inventories declined quarter-over-quarter, our overall finished goods increased a little bit on a quarter-over-quarter basis and our work in process decreased. That's exactly the result of what you see as we're trying to restock our high performance analog inventory and our die stock as well, and get ourselves ready for growth in the second quarter.  As we take a look, in the second quarter again with that revenue growth range that we've talked about, we believe we have inventory well staged to be able to meet the kind of revenue range that we discussed earlier. To the extent that we come in at the upper end of the range, we certainly have room inside the factories to increase our loadings to meet that demand. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs. 
 Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs:  Good evening, guys. Congratulations on the good results. We talked a lot about the inventory or the market share puts and takes. Can you help us understand the timing on some of these things? When obviously the takes seem to be more than the puts, can you help us understand when some of the gains kick in and when some of the diversification that your customers are doing, would kick into the P&L? Are we seeing a large chunk of the Motorola now? Are we feeling the effects of the Nokia now? How all from a timing perspective does that work out? 
 Ron Slaymaker: Let's just start with Nokia. Nokia is still very, very significant and we expect them to continue to be a very, very significant customer for TI going forward. They've announced the fact that they'll be working with another single chip supplier in addition to TI as they diversify their supplier base at the very low end of their product line. I'm not going to try to project for them when they will have that supplier all ready for production. I'll let them project that.  At the same time Motorola, we have a broad range of programs there. One was certainly the LoCosto program, which is ramping here now today. I would also mention back over with Nokia, I think Nokia has publicly disclosed that they are now in production with their single chip platform based upon our technology as well, so both of those are in ramp mode today.  The eCosto program at Motorola, which is an Edge single chip architecture, I believe what we have said publicly is that product will sample in second quarter of this year and typically it is about one year before it would move into production. Now, our announcement with Motorola also indicated they would be starting their program with TI on Edge using our existing multi-chip solution and then transition over to Edge, so certainly that would indicate some potential to pull that schedule in. WiMAX and 3G are both 2008 handset production.  Probably the only other one that I would mention would be the program that we have with DoCoMo in Japan. I think you heard us mention for some time now that we have had a merchant solution, I think we began sampling it, I believe it was November of 2005. That would be one where I would say our perspective of the near-term market opportunity for just merchant 3G solutions in general have continued to diminish. Again, we have that product but at the time of that engagement, our view was actually that the Japanese handset vendors would likely emerge as the world's largest near-term consumers of merchant solutions. Certainly over time our perspective has changed.  A couple of reasons for that. One is that the Japanese handset vendors, for the most part, have pulled back on their efforts to develop handset business outside of their own domestic market. Secondly, they've also been reluctant to move away from internally supplied ASIC solutions. In fact, if you look at the broader market today, the only significant customers for 3G merchant solutions are the Korean manufacturers. So in total, if you look at the merchant market for 3G, last year it represented about 10% of that segment of the market on a unit basis. The reality is we don't expect that's going to increase much beyond that in the near term.  As a result, given this range of programs we've talked about, we're certainly focusing most intently on our large volume customer program commitments. You can expect that we'll modulate our development resources based on market opportunity and what we see as maximum return on investment going forward. So I know that was a long answer to your question. So I'll stop there and see if you have a follow on, Jim. 
 Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs:  That was very helpful, thanks. Final question would be the inventory, did you say what inventory would do in the second quarter? 
 Ron Slaymaker:  Jim, we didn't give any guidance on our inventory expectations. You can assume that we will continue to run our inventory strategy consistent with our anticipation for demand beyond the second quarter but beyond that, we don't have any specificity. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank. 
 Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank:  Thanks and echo the congrats of others. Ron and Kevin, could you just help a little bit in giving us an idea of what OpEx will do, in a very general sense, given the average revenue growth you talked about? How should we see that either staying stable or growing with revenue? 
 Kevin March :  Ross, if you think about the OpEx and particularly the R&D, you may recall that last quarter we announced that we were going to discontinue internal development of our silicon process technology for advanced lithography and outsource that. In addition, we also talked about closing an older 8-inch fab. Combined, the two of those should net us about $200 million in annual savings starting next year. So I would say that would probably moderate some of the change in growth in the R&D line, certainly as it relates to process development. We may redeploy some of that to internal product development but we'll call that as we need it. 
 Ron Slaymaker:  Ross, one thing I would also just draw your attention to, I don't think we mentioned this in our prepared remarks but if you look in the outlook section of our release, we revised our 2007 annual guidance for R&D to $2.2 billion. The prior expectations had been $2.3 billion. I believe $2.2 billion is the same as what that line ran in 2006. So certainly we're trying to keep an appropriate constraint on the R&D line and again, we don't give specific guidance for SG&A for the year. Did that answer your question? Do you have a follow-up, Ross? 
 Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank:  On the wireless side of things you talked a bit about what happened this quarter with the 3G side stabilizing. If we look at the year as a whole in 2007, how do you expect the mix to go between the low end and the high end? Within the high end, if you want to get down to the granularity of the OMAP versus baseband that would be great, but any comments would be helpful. 
 Ron Slaymaker:  I actually would describe what we said a little more optimistically than you did. Instead of 3G stabilizing, it actually grew sequentially. I think would just characterize it as we saw double-digit sequential growth. We had a nice quarter in terms of what 3G contributed. If you look at for the year overall, we don't have our own independent forecast that we publicize, but what I would tell you is most analysts are expecting the 3G market to grow somewhere between 70% to 80% in terms of units '07 compared to '06. If that happens, certainly we will benefit.  But the bigger question is just what the low end does. If you look at the trend over the last, certainly, 2006 and I believe even 2005, the growth at the low end was outpacing the growth in the high end. So low end was becoming a bigger part of the unit growth mix.  What I would say is we don't particularly worry about where the growth comes from. We certainly like the content advantage we have in 3G handsets but at the same time, our market share is very strong in the low end with our LoCosto product and even the predecessor product. If that's where the growth comes from we're going to enjoy it, regardless of where it comes from. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from John Lau - Jefferies. 
 John Lau - Jefferies:  Hi. I wanted to step back and talk a little bit more with regards to the planning for Q3 and it has to do with the capacity. Ron, do you believe that the capacity is put in place for a business into Q3 to prevent the lead time from going up again and discouraging any double ordering that would probably happen again? Especially if you take a look in context with what happened in 2006, especially in the first half of 2006. When we had discussed that you had said that the industry was placing a lot of orders and you had scrubbed the orders, but we still wound up with excess inventory. I was wondering if you can give us a little bit more comment on that. 
 Kevin March :  John, I'll go ahead and make some comments and let Ron add any color to it. To the extent of capacity being available for any kind of growth in third quarter, our answer would be yes, we do believe we're just fine on that. You may recall that we invested a fair amount of capacity into our assembly test operations last year from a capital standpoint. To the extent that our capital is lower this quarter than it has been for a few quarters, still the majority of that spend was in our assembly and test operations to continue to make sure that we have the back end capacity, because that's where we found most of the constraints when we came through this last inventory or this last demand cycle, was in the assembly test operation, not in the wafer fab.  From the wafer fab standpoint, we still have plenty of clean room in our DMOS 6. We continue to convert DMOS 5 to analog. We have the ability to convert the equipment that were taken out of our old 8 inch fab that we announced we were closing last quarter to convert that to analog manufacturing capacity. So when we look at the fab side and the assembly and test side, from a capacity standpoint, we feel that we're much better positioned than we were a couple years ago.  In addition to that, we have, as I mentioned to a caller a few minutes ago, even though our total inventory declined quarter over quarter, we actually were able to rebuild our high performance analog inventory to a much more healthy level than it's been in a couple of years. Again, you can see that on our balance sheet, in that our finished goods inventory actually increased about $14 million sequentially while our overall inventory decreased $28 million.  We've been staging inventory much closer to when the demand call comes and we've got a good pipeline and die stock to be able to fill it up quickly if demand spikes and we've got the back end capacity to be able to handle it. I'd say we feel much better about going into a nice strong cycle this go-around than we did a couple years ago when in fact we had to work hard to keep up with demand. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Chris Donnelly  JP Morgan. 
 Chris Donnelly - JP Morgan:  Seeing as how we're only I think 30 bips below the previous peak gross margin, any guess on where the gross margins can go over time? 
 Kevin March :  Chris, I think that if you take a look at what's been happening with our gross margins over the past few years and what's been happening with our revenue mix, there's a connection here. As analog becomes a bigger portion we're seeing that begin to reveal itself in our overall gross margins and that certainly has revealed itself recently. Also, we're seeing the benefit of the manufacturing strategy that we put in place which allows us to avoid the fixed costs associated with the very expensive advanced lithography and outsource that so we don't see that drain us. At the same time, with the capacity I spoke to a few minutes ago when John was asking his question, we have enough open capacity that any increase in revenue gives us additional upward capability, just because we get to absorb that fixed cost on that revenue base.  So short of characterizing an actual number, I would say we continue to think we can improve our gross margins over time. 
 Chris Donnelly - JP Morgan:  Do you think all three of those factors you mentioned have about an equal weight in terms of driving the gross margins higher, or is any one bigger than the other? 
 Kevin March :  Chris, that's kind of hard to say. I would say that as analog becomes proportionally bigger over time that one may be a bit more of an influencer as we move into the future. 
 Chris Donnelly - JP Morgan: What was DIS-D sell in versus sell out? 
 Ron Slaymaker: Chris, the trends were the sell in declined a little faster than the sell out did. Inventory at distribution basically held about even with where we ended the fourth quarter. Turns declined a little bit, but the decline in turns was strictly based upon the fact that resale, or sell-out, declined. So again, distribution inventory held about even. Sell in declined a little more than sell out declined, but both were down. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from David Wu - Global Crown Capital. 
 David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Kevin, in terms of gross margin, as we ramp throughout the rest of this year, would you be relying more on external foundries which would impact your incremental gross margin? Or should we think that given your mix of business moving to analog, that we will still get very rich incremental gross margin flow-through as your revenue ramp in Q2 and Q3 of this year? 
 Kevin March :  David, of course that will be a function of where we wind up seeing any growth in the balance of the year but in fact, I think your logic on the analog comment is correct. That is, as we see analog become a bigger portion of our overall revenue we would expect that to have a favorable impact on our overall margins.  Beyond that, to the extent that we see increase in the advanced lithography, keep in mind we do still produce a fair amount of that internally and so we do have capacity to be able to absorb some growth there before we have to begin shifting more of the loading into the foundries. So in fact, I think both of them will give us additional room for continued strong performance on the gross margin line. 
 David Wu - Global Crown Capital:  Kevin, since you're operating margin is now north of 20 by my calculation, north of 25 pretty soon, have you set any new goals in terms of operating margin for the company? 
 Kevin March :  David, that's a good question and a fair question. The best answer we'll give you is we do believe we'll continue to have opportunity to improve our margins. At this point in time we're really not in a position where we really want to talk about framing what those goals might be. 
 Ron Slaymaker:  Not on this call, David. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Uche Orji - UBS. 
 Uche Orji - UBS: First on the analog, I know you've alluded to how much this is going to be a driver for gross margins. But can you help us quantify, or give us a sense of how much more head room there is in the analog gross margin potential? I'm assuming it's above average but how much more and if you can answer that relative to the peer group, just for me to get a sense of what the potential upside could be? 
 Ron Slaymaker: Let me express it in terms of our own goals. I mean, our high performance analog revenue, we fully expect that product area to be able to run gross margins 60% to 70% and with inventory down over the last couple quarters, I would say we're not inside of that range but we're knocking on the lower end of that range.  High performance analog, just to set the position or the weight, is about 40% of our overall analog revenue. It has been rapidly expanding. As you note last year, our high performance analog basically grew twice the rate of our semiconductor growth rate overall and pretty much twice the rate -- let me just say, it increased within the mix, even of our analog product portfolio.  So we're growing analog revenue and we're growing it in the right mix. With that weighting, I think you should be able to make some assumptions on what it would do to the corporate average as it continues to expand. 
 Uche Orji - UBS: How are you planning to drive this higher mix for HPAs, are you going to drive it organically? 
 Kevin March : I think we'll just do more of what we've been doing and that is there's been a lot of organic growth in there and to the extent that we see certain acquisitions from a technical standpoint that filled out a technical capability that we may be lacking to give us the kind of pace we want, we'll go ahead and include that in our mix as well. So more of the same in the future as what you've seen in the past.  I would also add, not to be overlooked is what we've been doing with the growth and development of our sales force and the deployment of field application engineers and what that has been doing for us. It's worked well and we will continue down that path to take advantage of the scale of our sales force to be able to touch a lot more customers with the very broad portfolio we have to offer.  Those things combined we believe will contribute to Ron's comments earlier, that we expect our analog business, our high performance analog in particular, to continue to grow quite healthy into the future. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch. 
 Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch:  Two questions. First, maybe I'm reading this wrong. This very dramatic roll-off in payables here over the last two quarters kind of mirror what's going on in terms of you unloading your foundry partners. Am I reading that correctly? 
 Kevin March :  You are. 
 Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch:  I thought so. So we might want to watch that line and that's a reasonably good way of understanding what your internal versus external sourcing arrangements look like? 
 Kevin March :  It's a bit of a lagging indicator, Joe. It's not the only thing in there. Keep in mind also our capital expenditures for the quarter were down quite a bit over recent quarters. You've got a number of moving parts inside that they are going to affect that. I'd say they probably generally reflect both leading demand outlook as well as our overall expansion capacity that we do internally. 
 Ron Slaymaker:  I think Joe, take it up a level, that absolutely is our strategy. That is the whole core of our manufacturing strategy, is to be able to keep our TI internal factories full and be able to adjust foundry demand to the overall marketplace. That's where you saw even what we talked about in first quarter, where we were able to draw down our inventory levels while at the same time taking TI's own utilization up in the quarter.  So you found a different place to identify that but that clearly is our strategy and that was part of the reason we maintained the profitability that we did through the course of this down turn. Do you have a follow on, Joe? 
 Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: Looking at capital structure, obviously great news there with the buyback and the dividends. You do still have this very lovely debt-free balance sheet. I'm wondering whether there might be any possibility of TI undertaking some of the transactions that we've seen from other companies recently on the convertible side? 
 Kevin March :  Joe, I think just to remind everybody, over the last ten quarters we have used about $10.7 billion in cash buying back shares and reduced our shares outstanding by 17% over that period. It is our view that this measured approach is best for our long-term shareholders in that it allows us to repurchase at various, more efficient price and volume levels versus what some highly accelerated activity might allow. In the context of a long term, measured kind of approach to our buyback activity, we believe that what we put in place is actually a very effective way to benefit the long-term shareholders. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mark Lapacis - Prudential. 
 Mark Lapacis - Prudential : CapEx intensity this quarter was around 5.5%. That's a low end of the range over the last five years of about 6% to 14%. This year it looks like you're going to continue to underfund depreciation which suggests we'll see a continued downward bias. My question is longer term, what sort of CapEx intensity should we be thinking about for your aggregate business? 
 Kevin March :  I think as we become more analog, you can look at other analog companies and see where they operate from a CapEx standpoint. It is not unusual for analog companies to be in the mid to upper single-digit kind of range when it comes to CapEx as a percent of revenue. You can see that our company is beginning to take on more and more of that.  Also contributing to that to the extent that we continue to be active in advanced lithography and we use foundries to supplement that need that will further support our CapEx being down in the upper to single-digits. 
 Mark Lapacis - Prudential :  So that means that you're there right now. Does that suggest that this is where we should expect to see you guys running? 
 Kevin March :  Well, I think it might be a little bit too strong to say that this is the exact level. But I think over time, we're not that far off from where we probably want to operate and that would be in the upper single-digits from a CapEx standpoint. 
 Mark Lapacis - Prudential :  And then a follow-up is on the advanced logic outsourcing, the trend seems to be to increase there. Can you remind us about the percent that was outsourced this time? Ultimately, having this capability, do you guys consider it strategic or at the end of the day do you ultimately move to 100% outsource on your advanced logic? Thanks. 
 Kevin March :  Ron may remember the exact percent, but just to answer the conceptual question, we continue to manufacture a significant portion of our overall advanced lithography products internally. As we have done over the last couple of technology nodes from 130 to 90 to 65, to the extent that there is an amount of capacity that comes in place in the foundries, we'll use that to modulate how much capacity remains, if at all, internally and then we'll also balance that with our view of demand and also our ability to migrate that equipment eventually into mixed signal analog manufacturing. 
 Ron Slaymaker: We don't break it out quarter by quarter but 2006, what we outsourced was about 25% of TI's total wafer requirement. Of our advanced CMOS requirement it was right around 50%. You can assume both of those numbers were lower in the first quarter for the reasons we've already discussed, but generally last year about 50% of our advanced CMOS. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Louis Gerhardy - Morgan Stanley. 
 Louis Gerhardy - Morgan Stanley:  Good afternoon. Just given the strong gross margin performance, can you weight some of the various factors there? Like decreasing costs and increased factory utilization and mix, just give us a sense of which was most important? 
 Kevin March : I think that mix was certainly a contributor, as we saw revenue come in a bit stronger in the quarter and more towards the high end of the guidance range. That we had given and that was on the strength of a pickup in both wireless and high performance analog.  In addition to that, we saw overall analog as a larger percent of our revenue and that in turn at a higher mix gives us a higher contribution to our gross margins. And then in turn, as we were continuing to draw down the inventories, especially inventory in wireless that we talked about last quarter, as that drew down and we continued to build in our analog, restocking our inventory there, that also contributed to the mix. I don't think I have a good break up for the weight of each of those but you can assume that all three of those had a favorable impact on our gross margins. 
 Ron Slaymaker:  I think the other consideration on mix, and this goes back a few years, but we're certainly enjoying it as we move through this trough, having a product line that is disproportionately full of highly differentiated products that don't move on price with near term market environment is just a wonderful thing. So having price stability through the trough of a cycle is great. Having a manufacturing environment that allows us to keep our factories full, in addition to mix, that's made all the difference. 
 Louis Gerhardy - Morgan Stanley: In terms of Q2. It seems that you're going to need more turns to hit the midpoint of your revenue plan. What's your expectation in terms of backlog? Do you think on top of that increased turns that you'd have enough additional bookings to grow backlog in Q2? 
 Kevin March :  Louis, that's probably a level of detail that we don't typically give. I'll just remind you of what we talked about what we talked about early in the call, after watching several months of our monthly sales continually decline, in March we saw sales begin to increase and more importantly we saw the daily sales number increase about 20% on a daily basis over what we saw in February. As Ron mentioned earlier, that continued on into the current quarter.  So to the extent that those sales continue strong, it's a question of just how fast revenue grows in relation to those sales as to whether or not we'll actually build a backlog for the quarter. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities. 
 Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Kevin, I just want a clarification on the cost reduction efforts. My recollection was on the last call you had indicated that K fab would be literally the sole driver of the $200 million reduction in cost. Now, is the argument that the R&D savings over and above that because of joint technology development factored into that $200 million number, or is that additive? Could you give more clarity on that, please? 
 Kevin March : Sumit, I hope I didn't leave you with that impression, because that certainly wouldn't have been a correct impression. In fact, the combined savings that we see from those two activities is about a $200 million annual run rate. Practically speaking, they both will be implemented simultaneously. So for example, we expect to have both those activities complete by the end of the year at which point then we'll see our full annual run rate on savings occur next year. But there definitely is not a bias, it will all be in one area. 
 Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities:  Then the follow-up I had was on 3G. From your commentary it seemed like Japan was probably not a source of strength so could you tell us what really drove that double-digit sequential increase in 3G for you? Was there any disproportionate benefit from handsets versus infrastructure, et cetera? 
 Kevin March :  Sumit, a year ago in the 3G space, we had talked about a build going on with inventory there for a customer doing a build-ahead for number portability and that in fact that would burn off during the course of the year. As Ron indicated a few minutes ago, most of the 3G customers from a baseband standpoint in Japan had been staying mostly with their own custom ASICS solutions. In fact, our 3G growth is really coming with the more custom solutions that we had for some of our bigger customers here recently. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Doug Freedman - AmTech Research. 
 Doug Freedman - AmTech Research: I echo the congratulations on nice results. Could you comment on your success in gaining more analog content in the wireless space? If you have begun to feel those efforts yet or not. 
 Ron Slaymaker: I don't know how to quantify it. We are making progress. I think specifically, just based upon our prior conversations, you're probably referring to our high performance analog penetration into wireless handsets. I would characterize it this way. We believe we are under-penetrated, meaning our share in cell phones with high performance analog products is less than our share overall in the high performance analog market, which is a huge opportunity for us, given the relationships that we have with those customers. So it's an opportunity that we are now enlightened to and we are in full force addressing and we're starting to see benefits, but that's another space where we think there's runway ahead of us as opposed to already accomplishing what we would hope to. 
 Doug Freedman - AmTech Research: On the high performance or on the high volume analog segment of the market you've been taking some actions there to try to reposition it, I believe. Where are you at in the progress of that and just if you could give us a progress report, that would be great. 
 Kevin March :  Doug, you're probably recalling I think it was in 2005 when we had done some work in that portion of our business. Mainly there we had decided to divest our commodity LCD driver business to a Japanese competitor. Since then, we've been also investing in some other activity to develop our growth opportunities there in the mixed signal analog area. That's been targeted at various spaces including the automotive market which tend to have several years before you see those designs actually turn into revenue. We have a number of activities that we've been engaging in. We look to be accelerating several of those activities over the next year or so and we'll probably be talking more about those in the future. 
 Ron Slaymaker:  Doug, I would just say, profitability I know a lot of times those on the outside as well as even those of us here, we tend to talk a lot about high performance analog. Those high volume opportunities, profitability is very good. We just need more of that revenue and that's our focus there. 
Operator:  Our last question comes from JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest. 
 JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest: Could you breakdown what you think the market development will be for single chip versus discrete solutions and handsets? Do you see single chip solutions really in a small segment? I understand you said 50% for LoCosto for yourselves. What about the eCosto? 
 Ron Slaymaker:  JoAnne, we believe that is a trend that is going to sweep the wireless industry, frankly. It comes down to -- except at the very high end, the very, very high end, where you are maybe adding new features and functions and integrated solutions just aren't available, over time, it just comes down to an integrated solution is more cost effective than a discrete solution.  If we rewind ten years or more, we used to sell standalone DSP into a handset; next we had DSP with discrete memory; next to that was discrete ASIC devices. All of that got swept up into an integrated digital baseband and there are no standalone DSP sales in handsets anymore. Today we're integrating the analog baseband, we're integrating RF, we're integrating application processors. That trend only moves forward. It doesn't step back.  So you have talked about LoCosto to address the low end of the market. We've announced our Edge product eCosto and it doesn't take too much forward thinking to realize where we're going to take that in the future with other even more advanced technologies. So we believe over time that trend toward integration, single chip solutions will just continue to march forward. 
 JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest: On the manufacturing strategy, do you foresee any savings this year and have you begun any of your headcount reductions? Finally, what do you see as a potential for gross margin improvement from this particular change, the closing of K fab and the shift over to an asset light strategy on the advanced logic side? 
 Kevin March :  JoAnne, on the savings from any restructuring activity there, really that's not going to be apparent until sometime well into the second half of this year. In the case of K fab for example, in order to discontinue production in that factory, we're going ahead and doing some inventory built ahead in there so that we have time to migrate the products that are in there into other factories. So that factory will remain pretty heavily utilized for most of 2007 and then we'll come down toward the end of the year.  On the silicon development side, that will phase in through the course of the year, mostly in the second half. So we really won't see the full effect of that $200 million or so run rate savings that I mentioned until we get into calendar '08.  From an overall savings standpoint, one of the things that the K fab factory shut down does for us, or mothballing does for us, is it allows us to migrate that equipment into our analog factories. So that in fact will save us some capital expenditures in the near term. 
 Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, JoAnne. With that, let me wrap up by making an important announcement; or maybe what's more appropriately characterized as a brazen plug. Our analysts meeting is in two weeks on May 8 and 9 in Frisco, Texas and all of you need to be there. Registration is open through the end of this week and if you need additional information on that, please just contact us or give us a call.  With that, we will wrap up this call. Let me remind you that the replay is available on our website. Thank you and good evening. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-22 17:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Ron Slaymaker - Vice President & Manager, Investor Relations   Kevin P. March - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President 
Analysts: Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus   Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein   Glen Yeung - Citigroup   Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse   Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan   David Wu - Global Crown Capital   Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers   Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank   Doug Freedman - American Technology Research, Inc.   Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey   Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs   Uche Orji - UBS   Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities   David Wong - A.G. Edwards 
Operator: Good evening. My name is Mary and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Texas Instruments fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period.  (Operator Instructions)  It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Ron Slaymaker. Sir, you may begin your conference. 
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and 2006 earnings conference call. Kevin March, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web.  This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TI's results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a complete description.  Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for March 12th. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. We will observe a quiet period beginning on March 1st until the update.  In this call, all of our financial results will be described for continuing operations, including historical comparisons, unless otherwise indicated. Also note that we have changed the name of our Educational and Productivity Solutions segment to Educational Technology.  In todays call, I will review our highlights of revenue performance, and then Kevin will discuss profit performance and the first quarter outlook. We will keep our remarks short, saving time for us to respond to your questions.  Fourth quarter TI revenue of $3.46 billion declined 8% from the third quarter and grew 4% from a year ago. The sequential decline reflected a 5% decline in Semiconductor with the remainder resulting from the seasonal decline in graph and calculator sales.  Semiconductor revenue was up 4% from a year ago. Revenue was in the upper half of the updated guidance range that we issued in December. The sequential decline in Semiconductor revenue was broad-based across products, although wireless was the single area that most significantly drove our Semiconductor revenue outside of its seasonal norm.  Wireless revenue declined 10% sequentially and was down 2% from a year ago. Our Wireless revenue reflected what you have heard from others in this market, in that handset unit growth is skewed toward lower price, basic feature handsets.  TI's 3G revenue declined 20% sequentially, although grew 7% from a year ago. The sequential decline in 3G units and revenue was broadly distributed across our customer base, as well as across digital base bands and OMAP application processors.  Outside of 3G, units and revenue for wireless handsets increased, but not sufficiently to offset the decline in revenue associated with the higher price products that we sell into 3G handsets.  In the fast-growing market for low-priced handsets, TI's position is very strong. Our single-chip product, named LoCosto, has taken this market by storm. The fourth quarter was our first full quarter of LoCosto production. We shipped more than 6 million LoCosto units in the quarter, and our customers have 12 handset models that are shipping based on the product today. This was the sharpest volume ramp of any new product we have introduced in our wireless history.  We expect the volume ramp to continue through 2007 based on more than 50 handset models already underway across 15 different handset manufacturers. The device that is shipping today is based on 90-nanometer CMOS. We plan to begin sampling a 65-nanometer LoCosto device in the second quarter, a technology lead that is one to two process generations ahead of any competitor for a comparably integrated product.  We will also be sampling a single-chip product in the first-half that will support the edge standard. This product, call eCosto, integrates the application processor and modem functions and is also based on TI's DRP, or digital RF processor, technology. It will also be manufactured in 65-nanometer technology.  The overall handset market continues to be highly competitive. You have seen some TI customers publicly discuss plans to broaden their supplier base, resulting in speculation about potential share losses for TI. On the other hand, we have a widening set of opportunities, as handset manufacturers where TI has not historically been as connected similarly seek to broaden their own supplier base.  Although there will always be pluses and minuses, the key to winning is simply that we must continue to win more customer programs, especially high-volume customer programs, than we lose.  Our ultimate success will reflect the combination of technology, price and execution that we deliver compared to our competitors.  We have worked hard over many years to build a strong market position across the range of handsets, from low-priced to 3G. In next generation technologies, such as WiMAX, we have development programs underway with the early market leaders. In short, in 2007, as well as the years ahead, we fully expect to keep our wireless position strong.  Outside of wireless, our broader base of customers continues to squeeze inventory. In general, we are not aware of significant inventory excesses. However, customers continue to push these levels down as semiconductor devices are now more readily available.  Total analog revenue declined 4% sequentially due to a broad-based decline in demand. Analog revenue grew 9% from a year ago, primarily due to high-performance analog products. High-performance analog revenue tracked down about 4% sequentially, although grew 22% from a year ago. Distributor resales of high-performance analog products also sequentially declined, a little more than TI sales into the channel, and we managed to replenish some of this inventory at distributors.  The sales declines were broad-based, with no single product area or market disproportionately responsible for the sequential decline. We believe our sequential decline reflected trends in the overall high-performance analog market in the fourth quarter.  Our sequential DSP revenue trends in the quarter closely tracked our wireless results, with total DSP revenue down 11%. DSP was down 2% from a year ago.  In DLP products, fourth quarter revenue declined 5% sequentially and was about even with the year ago. The decline in TV products was similar to what we saw in 2005. We believe sell-through of DLP TVs was solid in the quarter and we believe customer and retail channel inventories are clean.  Front projectors had a small sequential increase. Due to customer specific issues, we believe some channel inventory grew in the projector market and will likely be corrected in the first quarter.  Also in the fourth quarter, we signed new patent license agreements to replace agreements that had previously expired. In total, royalties increased by $50 million sequentially. About $30 million of the increase was catch-up payments to cover the period between expiration of the prior agreements and signing of the new agreements. Of course, the catch-up payments will not be ongoing and we expect royalties to settle into a range of about $80 million to $90 million per quarter in 2007.  Before I turn it over to Kevin, I would like to do a quick review of some performance highlights for the year in total.  First, we have consistently described three net financial goals for TI. One was to grow revenue faster than our market. Although the semiconductor market numbers are not yet fully reported and finalized, I believe most expect the total semiconductor market growth to be a little over 9% for the year, with the non-memory market up less than 7%. Our revenue was up 16% for the year, handily outpacing the market.  Next, we seek to grow earnings per share faster than our revenue growth. TI's EPS in 2006 grew 30%, almost twice the growth rate of our revenue. This reflected strong operating profit growth, up 32% for the year, as well as the impact of our share repurchases, which reduced the average annual diluted shares outstanding by about 7% compared with 2005.  Finally, we seek to achieve the above two goals while also being efficient with our capital. In 2006, return on invested capital expanded to 21.5%, compared with 16.1% in 2005.  Although we had many outstanding product line performances in the year, the area that contributed most significantly was our high-performance analog product line. High-performance analog revenue grew 33% in the year, and its gross margin helped raise the bar for the entire company. Our belief that analog will develop into the core financial engine for TI was further reinforced by these results.  At this point, I will ask Kevin to review profitability and our outlook. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Kevin P. March: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. TI's fourth quarter gross profit was $1.75 billion, and gross margin was 50.5% of revenue. Gross profit fell $184 million from the third quarter, due to the decline in Semiconductor revenue and a seasonal decline in Educational Technology revenue.  We are pleased that gross margin held relatively stable against a sharp decline in revenue. Although gross margin declined less than a percentage point, most of this was associated with a seasonal decline in our calculator revenue.  In our Semiconductor segment, gross margin declined less than a half a percentage point, despite an almost $200 million sequential drop in revenue. This performance reflects the benefit of our hybrid manufacturing strategy. Although we reduce our production, both internal and at foundries, to align with demand and to reduce our inventory, recall that our most costly production remains significantly outsourced to foundries.  As a result, even though TI's internal factory utilization declined sharply in the quarter, most of the under-utilized assets are those where fixed cost depreciation levels are low. Gross margins also benefited from cost reduction actions that we undertook, such as shutting down numerous factories over the holiday and from the growth in royalties that Ron previously described.  Operating expenses of $981 million declined $21 million sequentially. Most of the decline was due to seasonally lower pay and benefits, partly reflecting the holiday and vacation period.  As we continue to challenge ourselves to operate at higher levels, we have decided to take a strategic action to increase our R&D efficiency by changing the way we develop advanced digital process technologies going forward. Historically, TI independently developed our process technologies and then worked with our foundry suppliers to align our processes with theirs. As the foundries have continued to increase their capabilities over the years, we have determined that we can eliminate this redundancy and more closely collaborate with them on process development.  This is a natural extension of our current relationships with the foundries and allows us to more tightly focus our own R&D resources on product development, where we gain the most competitive advantage.  Independent of this process R&D action, we will stop production at KFAB, one of our older 200-millimeter digital factories in Dallas, and move this production equipment into several of our analog factories to increase their output. Combined, these actions will result in a reduction of about 500 jobs and will produce about $200 million of annualized cost savings when completed. The actions will begin in the first quarter and should be mostly complete by the end of this year.  The company will incur total restructuring charges of about $55 million with these actions, with these charges about evenly distributed over the four quarter of 2007.  Operating profit for the quarter was $767 million, or 22.1% of revenue. Operating profit declined $163 million in the third quarter. Operating profit included stock-based compensation expense of $78 million, or 2.3% of revenue.  Other income and expense was $70 million, up $15 million sequentially due to the settlement of all remaining matters related to the grants from the Italian Government regarding TI's former memory business operations.  Income from continuing operations was $671 million, or $0.45 per share. This included about $0.05 of benefit from the reinstatement of the Federal Research Tax Credit, which was signed into law in December, 2006, and was retroactive to the beginning of the year. Accordingly, there was a cumulative catch-up in the fourth quarter to align our tax rate for the year.  I will leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release. However, let me make just a few comments.  Cash flow from operations was $846 million in the quarter, and we ended the year with $3.72 billion in total cash. In the fourth quarter, we used $1.13 billion of cash to repurchase 37 million shares of TI common stock. Our repurchase program has reduced TI's shares outstanding by 9% over the past year, and by 16% over the last two years.  Inventory of $1.44 billion at the end of the year declined $54 million, as we sharply reduced production. Days of inventory at the end of the fourth quarter were 75, compared with 73 days at the end of the third quarter. As mentioned earlier, we intentionally reduced production loadings in the fourth quarter to help control inventory. Because of that, inventory should continue to fall during the early part of the first quarter.  Current production starts have begun to build again, and overall utilization in first quarter is expected to be higher than it was in the fourth quarter.  TI orders in the fourth quarter were $3.08 billion, a decline of 10% sequentially. Semiconductor orders were down 9%. Our semiconductor book-to-bill ratio was 0.89, down from 0.93 in the third quarter. As a result, in the first quarter, we expect total TI revenue to decline and to be in the range of $3.01 billion to $3.28 billion.  Semiconductor revenue should be in the range of $2.95 billion to $3.20 billion. These ranges are equivalent to a sequential decline of 5% to 13% for TI and the semiconductor segment.  Educational Technology should be in the range of $60 million to $80 million.  Earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.28 to $0.34 in the fourth quarter.  Let me now summarize a few highlights for the year overall. First, TI had solid gains in profitability in 2006. Gross margin increased 2.1 percentage points to 50.9%. Operating margin increased 2.9 percentage points to 23.6%. Both were all-time highs for the company.  Cash flow from operations was $2.45 billion, and we repurchased $5.3 billion of TI stock in the year.  Although the near-term environment continues to be challenging, we believe this correction is happening quickly and will be relatively short-lived. For the long run, we continue to strategically shape the company, as noted by our increasing focus and results in the high-performance analog and todays announcement of our CMOS R&D plans.  We believe TI is well-positioned in market opportunities that are strong. We departed 2006 stronger than we entered the year, and we remain confident that there is no better place to be in the semiconductor industry than positioned as the leader in analog and DSP.  With that, let me turn it back over to Ron. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. At this time, I will ask the operator to open the lines up for your questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  Our first question comes from Cody Acree from Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Kevin, maybe we can just start with your comments there on inventory and your fab loadings. You said, if I took that correctly, that you are already started to ramp the production process to prep for Q2 demand. Is that correct? 
Kevin P. March: Generally, that is correct, Cody. Again, just to remind everybody how the manufacture and how the inventory process flows from manufacturing, a good example is to look in third quarter when we started significantly reducing the load-ins in our foundries. Our inventories, even though we reduced the load-ins, continued to increase, our internal inventories continued to increase up through about November of the fourth quarter, that that inventory flowed into and then started decreasing from there.  We are expecting it to continue to decrease into the first-half of the first quarter, but in the meantime, we are now beginning to restart the factories so that we have an appropriate amount of inventory to meet potential demand in the second quarter. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess that gets then to my question. How much of an inventory, internal inventory decrease do you think you need to see to get to a comfortable level? 
Kevin P. March: Cody, we do not actually characterize those in-quarter numbers, or make forecasts actually on the inventory line itself. Let me just summarize it by saying that we expect it to continue to decline into the quarter from what we just reported for the fourth quarter, and it will turn around somewhere during the middle of the quarter and begin to grow again. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and then a follow-up, if I may. What is your best guess on what is going on in the 3G market? Is it more of an economics issue? Is it a geographic problem? Is it just excess 3G inventory? What is it that you expect to turn that around? 
Kevin P. March: I will make some comments and let Ron add some color to it, but from what I have heard our customers describing, what we really have is the 3G market, it is still -- there are sales there. The sales just are not growing as fast and as I think many of our customers had anticipated or hoped for.  Where we are really seeing a growth and I think what has been a surprise for everyone is the rate of growth in the low-end market, primarily in the emerging economies, China and India specifically.  What causes the 3G to start growing again in the future at a faster pace? I guess it is really just going to come down to applications or other things that may appeal to you or me and other users as to why we might want to buy those phones versus what we have. 
Ron Slaymaker: Cody, I think also, just to add, that we -- first of all, what we are seeing in the fourth quarter is probably a combination of what some of our handset customers maybe were even starting to feel and discussed in their October calls of what they saw in the third quarter, so there is probably a little bit of what well call extra emphasis in our sequential decline in fourth quarter that goes across some of their results, both third and fourth.  I think beyond just the lack of compelling applications, at some point, you actually may have operators choose to turn on more aggressively consumers to 3G, just because they get more efficiency out of their network. But that probably will require a lower 3G handset price than what we have to do today, just because it is strictly an economic game, or an economic calculation that they would base that switch over on.  It is probably a combination of cost of the handset, combined with just the lack of compelling applications here and now today.  Thank you, Cody, and lets move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Parker from Sanford Bernstein. 
Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein: I am still a little confused on this issue. Are you guys under-shipping consumption right now? And do you plan to throughout the quarter? 
Ron Slaymaker: Help us -- are you talking broadly in semiconductor, Adam? 
Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein: Sure. 
Ron Slaymaker: To the extent that our customers are reducing inventory, then yes, that would translate to us under-shipping consumption. 
Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein: But given you plan on ramping throughout the quarter, does that imply that you will be aligning with consumption by the end of the quarter? I guess what we are trying to figure out is why you think -- Kevin said we think its pretty short-lived and its happening quickly, the reduction. What gives you confidence to look out to Q2? Is it just normal seasonality, or -- ? 
Ron Slaymaker: I will hit part of that, and then I will let Kevin also hit part of that. I think if you -- what causes us to ramp is what Kevin just described, which is we are starting wafers in our factories not based upon todays demand but based upon demand three months or so, at a minimum, out.  What gives us confidence that it will be short-lived is I would point to a couple of things. One, we do not see any broad-based significant excesses of inventory. We think because components are more readily available, customers generally can take what may be already relatively low levels of inventory and push them even lower. So the fact that we are seeing not a significant correction that is needing to take place but more fine-tuning by customers is one of the considerations that feeds into our operational plan.  I think the other one that would tie to that is just what our customers seem to be saying about demand, and we do not have customers pointing to sharp fall-offs in their demand. Generally, demand seems to be healthy and relatively stable. 
Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein: Im a little confused still, because I am trying to figure out then what were the learning lessons from 06. You guys obviously, not just TI, the industry over-shipped and your customers somewhere in the chain had a lot more inventory than you thought. I know you guys said you did a lot more to monitor things in the first-half of 06, and at that time, you felt pretty confident you were in touch with your comes and in disti. So maybe the question is, is this the best you guys can do? What are the learning lessons from last year, given that you are guiding down 9 off of a down 5? Is it all mix? What are the learning lessons here? 
Kevin P. March: Adam, I think one of the other things that leads us to believe that this will probably be a fairly short-lived correction is that as you point out, we and everybody else are paying more attention to inventory and trying to respond more quickly than we perhaps did in years past.  If we just look back at the late 04 going into early 05 example, that is one of the reasons that we look and say this appears to be shaping up to be a similar pattern and that we saw an inventory build, a couple of quarters of declines, and then it turned around.  The lesson that we learned from that particular one was that when it did turn around, we did not get an advanced phone call. It turned around extremely fast on us, and we found ourselves starting in late 05, and then spending the next year-and-a-half doing everything we could to catch up with that spring-back.  So the lesson we are trying to learn from that one is dont get too tight on reducing the inventory or anticipate that demand wont come back without advanced notice. Be ready for it if it does come back.  If it turns out it comes back more slowly or does not come back, we will take appropriate action, but we are really looking to learn the lesson from that 04-05 cycle. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Adam. Next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Glen Yeung from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thanks. I think, Kevin, you mentioned that you are gaining share with LoCosto. I think you alluded to the fact that you are seeing some customers that you might not have otherwise had. Is LoCosto growing for you strongly enough to offset the declines that youre seeing in OMAP and 3G? I guess both on a dollar and on a unit basis? 
Ron Slaymaker: You mean in the fourth quarter? Clearly not. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: No, Im really thinking as we look out into 2007, even if you want to tighten that up in the first-half. I would love to hear what you have to say about fourth quarter, but I am thinking more of the outlook as well. 
Ron Slaymaker: We were pretty specific on the numbers in fourth quarter. We saw a 20% sequential decline in 3G revenue and yes, we saw growth in the non-3G revenue, both growth in units as well as revenue, but not sufficient again to offset the decline in 3G.  So looking forward into 2007, it depends. We have a very strong position in the low-end, and as that market continues to grow, we will be the prime beneficiary in terms of the semiconductor manufacturers, of that growth. The question, Glen, is what you are asking on 3G, and we do not have a specific outlook.  You have had numerous people talk about 3G. Pretty significant growth in 3G units, 07 compared to 2006, and we certainly hope those forecasts come true. But at least what we have seen in fourth quarter and our expectation for first quarter, says it has not happened yet. So that is probably about as far out as I can reach on that. Did you have a follow-up, Glen? 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Well, just to clarify then. So is it fair to say that LoCosto represents more of a growth engine in the near-term than 3G does? 
Ron Slaymaker: In fact, it did in the fourth quarter, so we expect that LoCosto ramp to continue very aggressively through 2007, so that certainly is a positive. We saw decline in fourth quarter. I would say at minimum that will be characterized as a pause continuing into first quarter, and it just is a question of when it turns on. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay, so the follow-up is really on the gross margin outlook that you gave for Q1. If I just run through your range of guidance, you get a relatively wide range, although give the revenue decline, you are certainly showing some good stability with your gross margins. Given the commentary that utilization ought to build into or throughout the course of the first quarter, is it fair to assume that one, gross margins are bottoming in Q1?  Then, secondarily, could you just talk a little bit about maybe Kevin, what sort of creates that range? Is it just revenues, or are there other things that create the range of gross margin guidance? 
Kevin P. March: Glen, I think that your analysis is probably pretty good, in that we do see our gross margins being fairly stable, as we saw just coming through this quarter, and you can do the math and come at a pretty similar conclusion for first quarter.  Really, the range that we have given you on the revenue outlook is just a reflection of the fact that we just closed a quarter with a 0.89 book-to-bill, and it has been a while since it has been that low. So it is going to require a fair amount of in-quarter sales in order to make sure that we achieve the revenue range that we gave.  So just given the fact the book-to-bill was as weak as it was really is what we have for the explanation for the width of that range and how far down it goes right now. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Safe to say that gross margins bottom in Q1? 
Kevin P. March: I am not making a specific forecast there. I think you can do your math there, Glen, but I would just observe that our gross margins have been very stable for quite a long time now, including this most recent quarter. We do not expect too much variability as we look out into the future. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thats great, thanks. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Glen. Next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Masdea from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Thanks a lot. Kevin, earlier you made a reference to a period a couple of years ago and how this might be somewhat similar and you are trying to manage it a little differently. Could you help us understand what the disconnect is between your lead times and what customers are looking for, kind of now and then? And the same sort of thing on the turns environment. Is this a lot different from either of those perspectives, or does it look pretty similar? 
Kevin P. March: Actually, it is quite interesting. It is probably more similar than dissimilar. When we were coming through the first-half of 04, you may recall we were working hard to try to build inventory and we had a difficult time actually doing it, because we had a lot of expedite requests happening from our customers. And then it fairly suddenly began to correct in the third quarter, late third quarter of 04. The correction ran all the way through the first quarter of 05 before we saw it kind of flatten out at the start to grow, and it took off again in third quarter.  This demand environment feels to us quite similar to what we experienced back then. Again, the lesson we are trying to learn from that is not to get too tight on inventory on this part of the correction cycle, so as to possibly miss a sudden up-tick later in 2007. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Then, to your structuring commentary and your manufacturing commentary, does this suggest that -- a couple of things: one, that you have to be more tied to your foundries and cannot maybe move around businesses much? Then secondly, does it increase your percentage of outsourcing that we have gotten used to? 
Kevin P. March: I will take that in reverse order. We do not expect it to change in any material way the level of outsourcing that we have done. We have averaged about 50% of our most advanced digital processes.  As far as tying us to any one foundry, no, we do not expect it to change that either. Really, what we are doing there, just to make sure folks understand, we have been working with the foundries now for 5-plus years, and really developed some good relationships and gotten pretty comfortable with how they operate.  During that period, we continued to develop our own advanced digital manufacturing processes, as did the foundries develop theirs. Watching their development capability over the last few years, we have gained a lot of confidence in their ability to develop those processes in a manner that fully meets our needs. So as a result of that, we no longer believe that it is necessary to maintain this redundant capability, if you will, by developing it internally and having them develop also.  Consequently, we are going to go ahead and discontinue the development effort just on the advanced digital processes. We will continue to do all of our own development on our analog and mixed signal processes, as we have for pretty much all of our years.  From a timing standpoint, this actually is an opportune time for us to do it. 2007 is a period when we expect to complete the early capability for our 45-nanometer, and we can stop this activity during 2007 before we actually start incurring costs or activities on development for 32-nanometer, so it is very good timing for us to go ahead and do this right now. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Thank you, guys, very much. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Michael. Next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danely from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan: Thanks, guys. Kevin, just to clarify on the inventory, you said that utilization rates go down for a while, then they go back up. So if we are sitting here three months from now in April, do you think your overall inventory is going to be flat in Q1 versus Q4? 
Kevin P. March: Chris, that is a level of detail in the forecast that I think youll remember we dont typically give. What I am just trying to frame for you is the fact that, to follow-up on what Ron had commented on during a mid-quarter update, and that was that we felt then that our inventory would probably peak in November and begin to decline, and in fact it did. It continues to decline today and we expect that to continue probably into the first-half of the quarter before it begins to resume, the valuation begins to resume to increase. In order for that to happen, of course, we have already started increasing load-ins in our factories.  Now, exactly where the inventory level lands, that is going to be as much a function of where inside the revenue guidance range that weve given you that we land. If we land at the high end, it will, but if it lowers, if we end low-end, itll be higher. Other than that, I really do not have more details than that for you, Chris. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan: Because your revenue is lower than it was in the first-half of 06, but were looking at $200 million more inventory than we had, so I am just wondering why you wouldnt just bring it down a couple hundred million bucks, given the book-to-bills we have seen over the last couple of quarters? 
Kevin P. March: It is a good observation youre making there, Chris. If you take a look at where we came out of the fourth quarter of 2005, recall that we came out with our delinquencies going way up on us, and we were running way behind on our deliveries, with way too little inventory. So again, it as simple as what I described a few minutes ago, that we want to learn the lessons from that last inventory correction and not under-call how much inventory we have on hand, should demand resume in a similar pattern to what we saw back in the 2005 timeframe. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan: Got it. As my follow-up, so if everything works out as planned, could you guys be back at peak utilization rates by Q2 or Q3? 
Kevin P. March: It is too early for me to call on that one, Chris. We dont have enough visibility to really give you a good insight on that just yet. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Chris. Lets move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wu from Global Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Good afternoon. Kevin, I was just trying to get a better idea about how much savings of the $200 million you talked about, those two actions you talked about, how much of that is manufacturing versus the savings on developing R&D?  The other question I want to just elaborate on is, if youre going to stop developing your own digital CMOS process, how do you keep ahead of a guy like Qualcomm or any of these other guys that essentially use the same vendors that you will be relying on in the future for your wireless, to be ahead of those guys? 
Kevin P. March: Okay, David, let me go ahead and take a shot at those two. The $200 million of savings that were anticipating will begin in 2008. Right now, we dont have a precise call on that, but it looks like probably 20% to 25% of that might be in the cost of revenue line and the balance will be in the R&D line. So that will probably be about the spread.  As it relates to process advantage, the fact of the matter is because we are using the foundries for on average of about 50% of our advanced lithography capacity today, the truth of the matter is most of our competitors have access to exactly that same manufacturing technology, so where we are gaining our real advantage is how were actually designing our chips and providing the actual chips-based solutions that our customers want. Thats where we see the real differentiation, and that is what we have seen for the last few years. This is just a culmination of that reality, by discontinuing that internal development cost on the process technology. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Your friends down in San Diego are claiming that they are going to close the process window, or lag window with you when we get to 45-nanometers. 
Kevin P. March: David, you probably know more about that than I do. I dont know what to comment on that. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, David. Lets move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Luke from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Kevin, just following on your commentary with respect to slightly higher turns being needed, given the lower bookings and book-to-bill. Could you give us some color on what sort of percentage the turns might be for the first quarter and how we might relate that to being a bit higher, as you say? 
Kevin P. March: Tim, I dont have specific numbers on that. Its more a qualitative statement. If you recall last quarter, our book-to-bill in semiconductor was about 0.93, so we were draining backlog in third quarter. And this quarter it was 0.89, so we drained more backlog. Our customers are, of course have been reducing orders and reducing their inventories, so theyre not giving us quite as much order -- what you would call it -- out in time as what we have seen in the past. Intuitively, that means we would have to have higher turns.  Ron, I dont know if you have anything on the turns data there? 
Ron Slaymaker: No, I dont have the turns data. I was just looking at, if you look at the backlog difference. In fourth quarter, new orders came in right at $3 billion, and we shipped out $33.85 in revenue, so the difference there is basically the backlog decline that happened in the fourth quarter. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: How does that refer to prior periods where you saw some slowing and then you were hoping for a pick-up in terms of expectation, and you have been -- relative to 04, for example? 
Kevin P. March: Well, again, thats the lesson that we are learning, and as back in 04, this is exactly what happened, where we found that our visibility came in substantially, as our customers slowed down in their orders and our turns increased until there was a clearing of the inventory, so to speak, but it began to stabilize back to a kind of one book-to-bill. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: In aligning those two so closely though in comparing them, you must have a sense of how you were expecting the turns to be as a percentage of the revenue that might help us? 
Kevin P. March: Tim, actually, I dont have that data with me, so I really cant say -- 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Sure. Maybe as a follow-up -- 
Ron Slaymaker: Let me make one other comment. We have seen an increasing percentage of our revenue, especially in high-volume areas like wireless, move toward these inventory consignment programs as well. In any kind of inventory consignment program, basically since you are not getting forward orders from the customers and backlog, youre basically building to a forecast. All of that appears as turns business, because the order and the revenue -- the order comes in basically as the product is pulled.  Just be a little careful that over the last couple of years, we have seen a pretty significant increase in this consignment inventory type of program that would affect the comparisons as well. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Just as a follow-up then, first, should we assume your utilization goes higher in both the foundry business as well as what you have in-house in terms of production? Then, with respect to your 3G share, on Friday, one of the big handset OEMs was saying that they would expect to work with you more at the high-end as well as the lower end of their product line. Can you suggest whether you think your share in 3G may now begin to improve? Thanks. 
Ron Slaymaker: Tim, our share in 3G is already pretty strong, so I dont want to try to promise that it goes even higher. I think that, as I said in the prepared remarks, you have pluses and minuses. There are areas where, for example, we have talked about over in Japan where that market is increasingly competitive. We have historically had 100% share with our OMAP applications processor and we now have a competitor.  You may see areas like that market, where we might see declines and there are other opportunities that customers, as I have said, that we havent been as historically connected, where our share potential certainly has opportunity to go higher.  But let me not be specific to any particular customer until that customer is more comfortable with us making -- with them making such announcements. 
Kevin P. March: Tim, on the utilization question for us and for our foundries, I would point out that during Rons opening remarks, he did mention that our wireless revenue was down 10% sequentially, and that is somewhat abnormal, because fourth quarter, thats usually up probably in the teens someplace.  I bring that up only to point out that a large portion of that product is built in our foundries, and that is an area where we continue to have inventory beyond what our immediate needs are.  As for the rest of our internally built product, those are areas where well see our utilization internally begin to increase in the first quarter, especially as we continue to try to restock our die bank in the catalogue spaces, particularly high-performance analog. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Tim. Lets move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Kevin, actually you just mentioned about the differences going on between wireless and analog side of things. Could you give us a little bit of an idea heading forward as opposed to in the fourth quarter what the differences are and how you expect those two sub-segments to behave? 
Kevin P. March: Well, if we look into history to try to understand what happens with wireless, history tells us that normally we see mid-single-digit declines in the first quarter for wireless. I am a little cautious about necessarily relying on history right now because we just saw a very abnormal fourth quarter versus what we typically see.  The overall range that we do expect, the ranges we have given, of course, is down 5% to 13%, so we are expecting that to be pretty broad-based across pretty much all of our product lines right now.  Beyond that, I dont have a lot more color to add to that, Ross. 
Ron Slaymaker: Did you have a follow-up, Ross? 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Yes, I did. In looking at the comparisons back to the 04 and early 05 timeframe, again if I just compare your numbers, it seems like this time it is a lot more severe. If it is just inventory and we have learned a lesson, why do you think it would be more severe? Maybe the answer is it is not just inventory. In that case, if you could discuss what really do you think is going on? 
Ron Slaymaker: One thing I would say is we have said it is not just inventory. Clearly in fourth quarter, we saw a significant shift in wireless mix, with weakness at the high-end, that I would not characterize as all inventory adjustment. I think theres some operator influenced activity and maybe some consumer preferences that are becoming more evident there. That would be one example that I would throw out of the difference compared to back in 04. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay, so just the mix to the low-end of the handset market? 
Ron Slaymaker: That would be the most significant difference beyond the adjustment to inventory that we see taking place with the broader base of customers. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Do you see that as causing a problem in your overall wireless growth for 07 as the same sort of mix transition takes place? 
Ron Slaymaker: I think we just have to wait to see how 3G plays out in 2007. Again, if I look at what a lot of your wireless equipment counterparts are projecting, theyre projecting a pretty healthy growth number for 07, so well see how that plays out over time. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Ross. Lets move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Freedman from AMTEC Research. Please go ahead. 
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question, guys. If we could talk a little bit, the ASP situation in analog, what you are seeing as far as the price environment out there right now. 
Ron Slaymaker: Doug, I would in general, its stable. I mean, most of our analog revenue is a proprietary custom product or a highly differentiated high-performance analog product, and I would say that is pretty stable.  For that very small part of our revenue that is commodity, and Ill throw a small part of the analog, but probably more standard logic product there, pricing fourth quarter was stable with third quarter. It had been moving up probably over the prior quarters, but what we saw was a stabilization where the pricing really didnt move fourth quarter compared to third quarter. 
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research, Inc.: Can you offer some detail on where you guys believe youve taken share in the analog market? Then Ive got another quick follow-up on the foundry question. 
Ron Slaymaker: Doug, I dont know that we -- I mean, our analog product base is very broad. I think if you look at where were seeing growth, our growth is very strong in areas like power management, high-performance op amp. Weve seen good, solid growth in data converters. Again, Im not talking fourth quarter specifically, but for over a period of time.  But its difficult to distinguish between, for example, an area like power management where were seeing good solid growth and overall market gains. In other words, power management, especially portable power management, is probably a trend overall.  I would say our market share changes probably are similarly broad-based. I dont think you can isolate it to converters or to power management. I think I would say theyre pretty broad-based, reflecting both our portfolio as well as what weve described as a significant competitive advantage that we have, which is just the breadth and depth of the field resources we have deployed directly in front of our customers, so again, pretty broad-based. 
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research, Inc.: All right, terrific. On the foundry, just a real quick follow-up. In the past, youve given it as a percentage of total wafer starts. Any chance we can get that for what it was in the fourth quarter? How much of your wafer demand was sourced outside? 
Ron Slaymaker: For 2006 overall, it is about 25% of our total wafers, at about 50% of our advanced logic or advanced CMOS wafer demand was outsourced. That is for 2006 overall. We dont break it out quarter by quarter, Doug.  Thank you for your call, and lets move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Edelstone from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon, guys, thanks a lot. First question was on just the LoCosto potential that you guys see, now that it is high production. Youve got quite a few design wins. When you look at the market that it is basically replacing, which in some cases is going to be some of your own chipsets that you had in the past, do you have a sense for what kind of incremental TAM you open up for yourselves here, as LoCosto ramps? 
Ron Slaymaker: Mark, Im not sure we would characterize it as an incremental TAM. I mean, youre right. There is some replacement of, for example, multi-chip product that we historically sold, but two things. Our content generally will benefit with LoCosto because we are integrating functions in LoCosto that we did not previously provide into those low-cost handsets previously, such as the RF Transceiver.  But maybe more importantly, the market TAM that opens up is this emerging economy market opportunity that is very fast growing, that is really a result of the price elasticity of the market. In other words, as our large customers are able to continue to drive down the price of their handsets into these emerging economies, the volume growth theyre seeing is tremendous.  So it really is more of a new subscriber market than a replacement market that were addressing with LoCosto, and then of course, over time, those new subscribers will want more advanced features and our customers and TI hope to be able to keep them on our technology as they then turn into replacement markets. 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Maybe just to state it a little bit differently then, if you looked at your volumes in 2006, how many units would you have characterized as low-end? 
Ron Slaymaker: One way of doing it that I think gets to your point, Mark, in 2006, we would characterize that about 25% of our wireless revenue was addressing the low-cost handset market, as defined by -- I think we look at handsets that sell for $75 or less. 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then just one additional clarification, if I could, for Kevin. You guys clearly took some expense savings steps in the fourth quarter. Can you quantify how much those were and how much of that comes back in Q1? 
Kevin P. March: Mark, the biggest driver of those in the fourth quarter were just the normal, seasonal holidays and vacations that people take, so we will lose pretty much all of that as we go into first quarter, because there just arent nearly as many holidays between Thanksgiving and the Christmas season, so that pretty much cancels all that out.  Keep in mind also that our annual pay and benefit adjustments are made at the start of February, so we tend to see an increase in the pay and benefits line affecting the op-ex in the first quarter. So we typically have a transition, a headwind transition on that, if you will. 
Ron Slaymaker: We also in fourth quarter, we averaged one to seven days, depending upon factory of shutdowns over the holidays as well, so probably we would be more operating on a normal schedule in the first quarter on those areas as well.  Mark, did you have a quick follow-up? 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: No, thats it. Thank you. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Mark. Lets move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Caso from Friedman Billings. Please go ahead. 
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Thanks. I wondered if you could just run some more color onto the expectations in the DLP business. I think you said that business was running about flat on a year-over-year basis. Perhaps if you could break out what youre seeing in that business with respect to pricing and units. I know it is probably quite different between the TV and the projector segment, and kind of what from here on out, what do you guys think of the growth rate of that business is going forward? 
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, I dont know that Im going to have all the detail youre asking for. Certainly if you look, for example, the year-over-year trends, fourth quarter to fourth quarter, units were up, pricing was down. Our market share in, for example, televisions compared to the year-ago was probably about stable. We hold market share in the greater-than 40-inch TV space in the upper-teens. So the market overall has grown in terms of units, but its probably no surprise to anybody out there that the television market is highly competitive and prices have come down rapidly. So certainly some of that unit gain we gave back in the form or pricing.  Front projectors, let me just kind of emphasize what I said, and this is kind of more going forward, which I think was part of what your question was. Let me first of all just start with televisions. So televisions typically, if you look at units of large screen televisions sold, first quarter will typically be down close to 20% compared to fourth quarter, and thats again sell-through of televisions, not our products sold into televisions. Typically there is an additional decline in the second quarter, and you just have to adjust that based on a lag probably about 12 weeks, meaning were shipping our chips, our DLP, or our DLP chipset, about 12 weeks ahead of when a consumer purchases a television in a normal environment, so that would say we would expect seasonal declines for televisions going into the first quarter.  Then, on top of that, as I noted in my prepared remarks, we do have some inventory that built at some of our front projector customers in the fourth quarter that we expect to correct in the first quarter as well.  Do you have a follow-on, Chris? 
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: In terms of, and I apologize if the question was confusing, but it was really kind of longer-term focused on the DLP business. I guess with some of the price declines that we have seen, certainly in the TV business, I think the DLP business has been running sort of in the 30% or so year-over-year growth range in the past. I guess the question is, is the business flattening out? I think it is about a billion-dollar business for you guys now. 
Ron Slaymaker: I think our expectations in terms of unit growth would be consistent with those, call it 25% or so unit growth Kegger estimates, and that holds pretty much true in the big-screen TV space, as well as in the projector space.  In terms of revenue flattening out, I think if you look at what we delivered in 06 compared to 05, revenue in DLP was up 15%. I dont have an extrapolation forward for you, although certainly I think we view the DLP opportunity as two-fold. One, we believe there is revenue growth potential and opportunity there, and were investing accordingly. But maybe more importantly, this is a profitable business. This isnt one -- in fact, its profitability, both at a gross margin and operating level, would be above corporate average.  So the point Im making is this is not an area that we are rationalizing losses or poor gross margins because of some glorious future opportunity. It is already one of our most profitable areas and in fact its growing as well. So its a business that we want to make as big as we can get it, based upon the profit contribution that its returning.  Chris, thank you for your call. Lets move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much, guys. Just a quick one, before the follow-up. You keep referencing the time period back to 04-05. What are the utilization rates kind of on a relative basis today versus what they were back then? 
Kevin P. March: The utilization rates today are below what they were back then, although I dont have the specific figures. I can just tell you relatively speaking, they are below what they were back then. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Then doesnt that raise some concern on your part that it got so bad so fast that maybe things are a little bit different this time, or is that not a right way to think about it? 
Kevin P. March: Jim, I want to be careful not to say that were looking at the 04-05 cycle to be an exact duplicate of this cycle. I mean, just for one of the reasons that Ron pointed out a moment ago, the difference between the two cycles has to do with this shift that were seeing in the wireless demand. But remove the wireless phenomenon, and the rest of it is looking pretty similar to us.  What were trying to do is simply learn from what we experienced on that cycle and not repeat, find ourselves too short on inventory on the other side. Its very easy for us to slow the factories down. Its a heck of a lot harder to speed them up if demand suddenly comes in faster than expected. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Right, so better safe than sorry kind of approach? 
Kevin P. March: Exactly. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Okay, that makes a lot of sense. Then, on the cap-ex, this will be my follow-up. Is this -- I mean, its pretty low level. You guys have done a great job of controlling the capital expenditures and depreciation is coming down. Do you think this is a new sustainable level, or do you think this is kind of a little too low and you would see it being higher into the future? 
Kevin P. March: I think this is a level that we find very appealing for the company going forward. Whether it is exactly this level on a continuing basis, of course, it will always fluctuate. But let me just point to some things, because it is a bit different than you have seen out of us in the past few years. It is really probably three things driving it. One, analog is becoming a bigger part of TI, especially high-performance analog, and we expect that to continue in the future. As youre well aware, Jim, that is inherently less capital intensive.  The second is, in 2006, we actually spent a lot of money expanding in a sizable fashion our assembly test operations, to really bring our capacity up in a significant manner. Looking forward to 2007, we dont expect it to be quite as heavy a level of spending as what we had to do in 2006.  The third area is we are making this change in our advanced digital CMOS manufacturing process development. Our need for development equipment spending goes away as it relates to that particular process development technology. So that also is a savings of capital requirement that well have in the future.  So those are three things really contributing to our current outlook of about $0.9 billion. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Terrific. Thanks so much. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Jim. Lets move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you very much, guys. Let me just clarify a few things. First, the way you have categorized your handsets, you are talking about 25% are being less than $75, and that is your low-end. Should we assume then that the ASPs we have for the product here, its about 50% of your units is more to low-end. Is that the right way to think about it? 
Ron Slaymaker: Im sorry, could you repeat the part about -- 
Uche Orji - UBS: Should I think that 50% of your unit shipments is low-end, if I think that 25% of the revenue? 
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, it would be significantly higher than the revenue mix, so youre right that our content in the low-end is probably running about $5 a handset, and that probably compares to about $10 on average, and probably over $20 for a 3G handset, so thats correct, Uche. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Just if I were to understand the way youre pushing your performance, your process technology with LoCosto, from your experience, you are currently at 90-millimeters and your next competitors are call it at 130. How much longer do you think you can sustain this advantage with LoCosto?  Secondly, Im sure someone asked this before, maybe Im repeating myself here, repeating a question already asked, but I didnt get the answer. How much of cannibalization should we expect? I mean, are people using this for what ideally should be medium handsets, or is it a completely new market? How should we think about this? 
Ron Slaymaker: First of all, the process technology advantage, I dont know how long we can sustain because we only get the insight into what were doing. What I can say is were pushing it very aggressively. I do believe an area that is a very significant advantage in terms of TI being able to move rapidly forward into new process technologies is our digital RF technology. The advantage of having that RF implemented digitally is that we can scale it and realize the full benefits of digital process, moving from process node to process node.  I suspect some of our competitors that are trying to play in this space do not have the level of digital implementation of RF and therefore, when they go from process technology node to process technology node, trying to scale analog is much, much more complex.  Again, I dont know where they are in their stage of things, but I can certainly say were moving aggressively and we expect to realize those benefits.  If you could come back and refresh me, what was your question on -- oh, whether it is a new market versus cannibalization. No, I think, and again, I dont have a specific its 20% versus what we were versus 80% new market, but what I can say is everything that we are shipping LoCosto into for the most part to date and probably very significantly through 2007, I would describe as being driven by these emerging market economies, where many of our LoCosto based consumers, it will be their first experience with a cell phone.  Now, at the same time, Ill also say if you look at some of our customers products that are out there that are based upon LoCosto, these arent clunky phones and it is yet to be seen how much markets like the North American market will adopt them just because they are low-cost and they are actually pretty cool phones.  But I would say by far what weve seen to date, and generally what wed expect in 2007, is this is incremental, new subscriber business that we and our customers are benefiting from.  Im sorry, Uche, let us move to the next caller, please. Thank you for your question. Next caller. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America. Please go ahead. 
Ron Slaymaker: Sumit, are you there? 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Right here, sorry about that. My question basically relates again back to your 3G business, and its a two-parter, basically. Number one, can you give us an idea about where your 3G revenues in 2006 finished, you know, handset and infrastructure, the breakout, if possible.  Second, as you think about your 3G business, clearly some of your customers have reported some softness in that market. Youve alluded to some potential share losses. I guess my question is how much would you attribute to the beginnings of some slight share loss here, and then how much would you attribute to the softness of the customers? Then, as you think about new businesses, when do you think your new businesses will start to kick in on the 3G side and start to offset some of these share losses? 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Sumit, I dont have the full breakout for you, but what I can say is that wireless infrastructure in 2006 was about -- I think it was 7% or 8% of our wireless revenue total. That business grew over 60% last year, so it certainly was a great opportunity for us.  The 3G business was about 35% of our wireless revenue, and that business grew a little over 50% in 2006 compared to 2005. Of course, Im not sure if I said this earlier, but wireless overall grew 16% in 2006 compared to 2005.  So as the percentage of -- yes, I think I answered your question there. Did I miss anything? 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: No, you didnt. Then, the second part of the question basically related to the trajectory of when you might start to see some share gains within 3G offsetting some of the initial share losses, the timing of that. Plus, the softness that youve seen in your 3G business recently, how much of that can be really traced back to general softness in the market versus something specific you might be seeing -- 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, in share gains in 3G versus losses, youre saying specific to 3G? 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Specific to 3G, yes. 
Ron Slaymaker: First of all, I dont know if you try to quantify any share losses in 3G to date, they probably would be pretty minimal. Again, I kind of alluded to some of the activity over in DoCoMo, but to be honest, I think our share has held up very well, and I do not know that based upon any production that our competitors are doing at this point would still be at a relatively low level.  I dont want to try to quantify when or define when we think there is a crossover between wanting to share losses and regaining share and all that, because we simply do not have that level of insight.  What I can say is we have strong share in 3G and we fully expect that, based upon the opportunities we are addressing today, our share in 3G will continue to be strong. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Can I ask a quick follow-up on that? 
Ron Slaymaker: Sure. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: In terms of your entity DoCoMo business, clearly that has been soft here. Some of that has been attributed to wireless portability in Japan, but it seems like there has been a bounce in subscriber growth. Have you started to see any of that balance that filtered through that to you or not? 
Ron Slaymaker: No. Our revenue in Japan for 3G declined fourth quarter versus third quarter, and our insight into handset inventory over there was that handset inventory continues to be depleted in fourth quarter, although we expect that inventory correction is largely played out at this point.  Again, inventory did go down third to fourth quarter of handsets in Japan but again, it is probably stable at about where that operator wants to see it.  We will have time for one final call, Operator. 
Operator: Certainly, sir. Our last question comes from David Wong from A.G. Edwards. Please go ahead. 
David Wong - A.G. Edwards: Thank you very much. Youve talked quite a lot about the wireless handset end-markets. Can you step through some of your other markets? Is there anything that is actually strong as opposed to weak? What are the other end-markets thus showing weakness below normal seasonality? 
Ron Slaymaker: David, I think again fourth quarter we would characterize as broadly below -- call it seasonal average type of characterization. I think we are probably not the best spokesperson for what is going on in the PC market but what we saw, for example, in notebooks seemed relatively in line. We saw, in the storage market, hard disk drive, actually what we would say is pretty maybe seasonally strong demand in the quarter. At the same time, that was offset by some weakness on the printer side.  If we look at what we would characterize as industrial, I would probably characterize that as stable in fourth quarter. Automatic equipment sub-segment remains weak.  If you go over into the consumer space, again what we talked about with the HDTV space and pricing weakness there is a factor. That is a segment where again, we sell our own DLP technology but we also sell line drivers into some of the plasma display manufacturers. That is an area that we would say there is excessive inventory currently, would be in plasma display technology.  Probably the final area I would just mention would be in the broadband area. We actually saw sequential growth in fourth quarter, and that was really kind of a snap-back, a recovery from inventory correction that was taking place in the third quarter. Again, that is in the residential gateway area, which is certainly what makes up the most, the strong majority of the client side broadband business at this point.  Did you have a quick follow-on, David? 
David Wong - A.G. Edwards: No, Im good, actually. Thank you very much. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you. With that, we will close our call. Let me remind you that the replay is available on the website. Thank you and good evening. 
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes tonights conference call. You may now disconnect, and please have a wonderful day. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-23 17:30:00) =====
Executives:
Analysts: Glen Yeung - Citigroup  Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse  Adam Parker - Sanford & Bernstein Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus Chris Danely - JP Morgan Doug Freedman  AmTech Research Titus Menzies - Jefferies & Co Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, and Ramsey Uche Orji  UBS Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Texas Instruments third quarter 2006 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Ron Slaymaker. Sir, you may begin your conference.
 Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings conference call. Kevin March, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor Statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a complete description.  Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for December 11th. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. We will observe a quiet period beginning on December 1st until the update. In this call, all of our financial results will be described for continuing operations including historical comparisons. unless otherwise indicated. TI's former sensors and controls business, divested in the second quarter, is reported as a discontinued operation.  Revenue in the quarter was at an all-time high and profitability continued strong. At the same time, orders declined and the near term is becoming more challenging. In today's call, I'll review our highlights of revenue performance and then Kevin will discuss profit performance and the fourth quarter outlook. We will keep our remarks short, saving time for us to respond to your questions. Third quarter TI revenue of $3.76 billion was up 2% from the second quarter and grew 13% from a year ago. This was about 1% below the middle of the updated guidance range that we issued in September. Semiconductor revenue was up 2% sequentially and was up 13% from a year ago. In the sequential comparisons, please remember that the second quarter revenue for TI and semiconductor included a $70 million royalty settlement that reduced the reported growth rates by about 2 percentage points.  Driving the semiconductor revenue this quarter was solid demand for TI's high-performance analog and DSP products. Total analog revenue grew 5% sequentially and grew 15% from a year ago, primarily due to high performance analog products. High-performance analog revenue grew 14% sequentially and 37% from a year ago. There were several factors behind this strong growth: First, we saw strong sequential growth in certain end markets such as notebook computers and wireless infrastructure.  Second, our distribution business was also strong, with sales into and out of the channel, both up about the same. Distributor inventory of our high-performance analog products remains lean and was essentially unchanged from the second quarter level.  Finally, high-performance analog growth also benefited from a reduction in delinquencies that were carried into the third quarter. Outside of high-performance analog, analog revenue was affected by a sequential decline in products for wireless handsets. DSP revenue grew 5% sequentially and was up 12% from the year-ago quarter due to demand from the wireless market. Turning to wireless, our revenue in the third quarter grew 4% sequentially and 14% from a year ago. Growth was negatively affected by a decline in OMAP application processor revenue due to an inventory correction of 3G handsets in Japan. In addition, handset revenue was less than seasonal outside of Japan.  As we explained last quarter, the inventory correction in Japan was associated with an operator that had proactively built inventory in the first half of the year as part of their strategy for the transition to number portability that begins in that market in October. Despite this inventory correction, 3G revenue grew almost 50% from a year ago and was up slightly on a sequential basis.  On the infrastructure side of wireless, revenue growth for base station products was strong on both a sequential and year-on-year basis. Finally, in DLP products, revenue increased 11% sequentially and grew 6% from a year ago. HDTV products were the biggest factor in this sequential growth on a percentage basis, although products for front projectors contributed almost as much dollar growth. At this point, I'll ask Kevin to review profitability and our outlook. 
 Kevin March:  Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. TI's second quarter gross profit from continuing operations was $1.93 billion, and gross margin was 51.4% of revenue. Gross profit increased $25 million from the second quarter. Please keep in mind that gross profit in the second quarter included $91 million of benefit associated with a royalty settlement and sales tax refund.  Operating expenses of $1 billion were up $48 million sequentially or about 5%. Most of the increase was due to a $26 million operating expense benefit from the sales tax refund in the second quarter. TI's operating profit for the quarter was $930 million or 24.7% of revenue. Operating profit declined $23 million in the second quarter, which included $117 million of operating profit benefit or 3.2% of revenue from the royalty settlement and the sales tax refund. Operating profit in the third quarter also included stock-based compensation expense of $79 million or 2.1% of revenue, about the same as in the second quarter. Other income and expense was $55 million, down $33 million sequentially, primarily due to a $20 million benefit from the sales tax refund in the second quarter. Income from continuing operations was $686 million or $0.45 per share.  It might help if I summarize the third quarter's earnings per share transition from the $0.47 that our continuing operations produced in the second quarter. Higher revenue contributed about $0.03 and the lower share count contributed about $0.01. These were offset by about $0.03 from the sales tax refund, and about $0.02 from the royalty settlement in the second quarter. Higher operating expenses further reduced earnings per share by about $0.01. I'll leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release. However, let me make just a few comments. Cash flow from operations was $419 million in the quarter, and we ended the quarter with $4.18 billion in total cash. In the third quarter, we used $1.69 billion of cash to repurchase 56 million shares of TI common stock. Over the past year, our repurchase program has reduced TI's shares outstanding by more than 8% and by more than 14% over the last two years. Inventory of $1.49 billion at the end of the third quarter increased $157 million sequentially, closing above our desired levels. Days of inventory at the end of the third quarter were 73 compared with 67 days at the end of the second quarter.  At the time we started this material in our factories and in our foundries, our outlook was based on a strong fourth quarter consistent with average seasonality, especially for wireless handsets. Our outlook has since changed, and we now expect a weaker than seasonal fourth quarter. As a result, we have taken action to align production levels with our current view of demand. We continue to work toward our goal to replenish work in process inventory, especially die banks that had been previously depleted for catalog products such as high-performance analog. TI's orders in the third quarter were $3.43 billion, a decline of 12% sequentially. Semiconductor orders were also down 12%. Our semiconductor book to bill ratio was 0.93, down from 1.07 in the second quarter. We believe one of the reasons for the order decline was customers' decisions to operate with less extended backlog now that semiconductor supply constraints have eased and their own chip inventory levels are replenished.  Additionally, we expect wireless revenue will be less than seasonal as the industry handset mix is weighted more toward low-priced handsets. In addition, our wireless revenue continues to be affected by the handset inventory correction underway in the Japan market that Ron previously mentioned.  As a result, in the fourth quarter, we currently expect total TI revenue from continuing operations to be in the range of $3.46 billion to $3.75 billion, or down 8% to flat. Semiconductor revenue should be in the range of $3.39 billion to $3.66 billion, or down 5% to up 2%; and educational and productivity solutions should be in the range of $70 million to $90 million, a seasonal decline by more than half. Earnings per share from continuing operations are expected to be in the range of $0.40 to $0.46 in the fourth quarter. To summarize, our performance in the third quarter was quite good. Record revenue and strong profitability reflect the importance of the DSP and analog products that we make, as well as the success of the customers that we serve. Nonetheless, the environment is shifting, and we're entering a near-term period where we are expecting less than seasonal growth. As a result, we have tightened our expenses, are managing our inventory, and are continuing to realign our production levels with demand. We are confident that our distributor channel inventories are low and that we have a highly responsive manufacturing model. Both should serve us well in this weaker environment. We're competing from a position of strength. Our product portfolio is strong, our balance sheet is healthy, and we are engaged with customers that are gaining share. As a result, we will continue focusing on our customers, extending our technology leadership, and expanding our own market share, regardless of the environment. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
 Ron Slaymaker:  Thanks, Kevin. At this time, I'll ask the operator to open the lines up for your questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Glen Yeung - Citigroup.
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thanks, guys. First question's on the handset market, particularly in Japan. Recognizing that it's going to look a little weak again for Q4, can you talk about how much of that is purely inventory reduction and how much of that may be share loss, recognizing that, I think, Renaissance has made inroads in the Japanese market?
 Ron Slaymaker: Glen, you're correct that Renaissance is a player in the Japanese market, on the application processor as well. Their participation will be similar in terms of technology to a new part that TI will be ramping into production early next year, which integrates the application processor and the base band functionality into a single chip.  I'll also remind you that even though we may see some share loss to Renaissance on the application processor, we should offset that to some degree, certainly, based upon our higher share on the base band processor, where currently, we have no participation in that market. So, we'll have to see where that nets out over time.  In terms of what we're seeing in third quarter and in fourth quarter, overwhelmingly we believe this is associated with the inventory correction, which, again, was associated with the inventory build they did proactively in the first half of the year, preparing for number portability that kicks in, in October, in that market.
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup:  So, Ron, just to clarify that point you made there, which is that you feel like you've got some base band wins that you think will help revenues in 2007 in Japan?
 Ron Slaymaker:  We certainly have base band wins. We can't at this point talk specifically about which players we have those wins with. Again, let me just remind you, this is a chip that we began sampling late 2004. Our timeline is basically 2007 during the first half is when we will ramp that into production. That is based upon design programs and design wins that we have underway currently with customers in Japan.
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup:  Okay. So my second question is, on the analog side. We've seen now a lot of companies talk about weakness there. I wonder now as you look at the business into Q4 and even looking beyond that into Q1, do you feel you're now under-shipping consumptions somewhat so that the inventories that seem to be replenished at your customer levels will actually start to work down now in Q4? Or do you think you're at a level where it stays pretty stable and you track seasonality at this point?
 Ron Slaymaker: Glen, that question about end consumption is specific to analog or is that an overall thing?
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup:  Well, it's specific to analog, although if you want to answer overall, that'd be helpful as well.
 Ron Slaymaker:  Well, let me start with overall and maybe even more so take that into the wireless market. Because again, the biggest area of what I would call less than seasonal performance will be in wireless. That's just based upon what we saw. We actually saw some less than seasonal performance on the handset side of wireless in third quarter, but probably even more so in fourth quarter.  I'll just remind you that typically for TI, we see wireless growth on the order of 10%, maybe even a little bit more, in the fourth quarter. So just given the size of that business and what we expect in terms of relative weakness, that's going to by far have the most impact on our overall revenue being less than seasonal in the fourth quarter.  I'll also say with respect to, are we under-shipping consumption in wireless, typically we under-ship consumption in the fourth quarter. The normal process is we lead our customers shipments as in the third quarter, they build inventory of their product that they then ship in the fourth quarter. They tend to have a much stronger fourth quarter growth than what we typically would in wireless. On the analog side, I would just affirm what we've said in prior periods, as well as in our prepared remarks. We believe that in analog, if we look in the distribution channel which is where we have direct visibility into inventory levels, inventory in third quarter despite the strong performance you saw from us, was basically even with where it ended up at the end of the second quarter. Shipments in, shipments out, were basically the same.  In fact, if you look at growth, probably resale growth or sellout growth was a little bit above what we shipped in. Not at a significant level, but it was a little bit above. So in analog, I don't believe at least where we see inventory directly in the distribution channel, that inventories are excessive at all.  Now, of course once you move out into our distributors' customers, we don't have any real visibility into their inventory levels at all. So your analysis is probably as good as our visibility on what's going on there.
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup:  Okay. Thanks a lot, Ron.
 Ron Slaymaker:  Thank you, Glen. Next caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse.
 Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse:  Yes. Thanks a lot. You talked a fair amount about wireless already, but I guess what's a little surprising is what you just talked about, lean inventory in the distributors. HPA is strong, and wireless infrastructure is strong, all of which seem like areas that everybody else has highlighted as a weakness. Do you think you're taking share here, or is there any risk that this change in delinquencies might have given us a little bit of a short-term pop and that we could have a little bit more bad news coming?
 Ron Slaymaker:  No, I think the change in delinquencies basically transferred some of the growth that should have been there for TI in second quarter into third quarter. So you can call that a bit of a pop in the third quarter. But I don't know that I would necessarily say that one's still ahead of us. That's basically just revenue that we shipped in third quarter that, had we been fully on top of customer demand, would have shipped in the second quarter. 
 Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Some of these areas like wireless infrastructure and HPA, there's a lot of weakness. Do you think there are material share gains happening right now? Or is this because those delinquencies went away, you're just sort of catching up? 
 Ron Slaymaker:  No. I think delinquencies in both spaces, HPA as well as infrastructure, may have played part of a role, but I think the bigger factor by far is absolutely share gain. High-performance analog, this isn't the first quarter of share gain. I think we had something like four years running now where we've been pretty steadily gaining share. This one may have been another surge quarter in terms of that performance, but clearly with the performance we just had there, share gain's a big part of it.  In wireless infrastructure, what I'll say there is you've heard us say for some time that our share in 3G infrastructure was very strong and much stronger than what we had historically held in 2G, 2.5G. When I say very strong, I'm talking on the order of probably 80% or so market share in these 3G systems. So as those deployments continue to gain steam, we are disproportionately benefiting. I don't know specifically who you would do the comparison to, but other players, if their share was more weighted toward 2G or 2.5G, versus in our case 3G, that may be the bigger factor in explaining individual company's performance.
 Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Great. Just a quick follow-up. On the mix side, you talked about wireless and a little bit more low end. Is that something that we just have to get used to in terms of more of the market going that way and it means lower revenue growth for you guys? Or is it just the confluence of the factors make it more extreme this quarter?
 Ron Slaymaker:  I think it's more extreme this quarter, certainly. If you look at the growth we have seen and you've heard us talk about for some period of time with high-end handsets and just the disproportionate TI content opportunity that those handsets represent, I think what you're seeing is basically a pause going into the fourth quarter, and we don't believe it's part of a longer-term trend.  Now, at the same time, we expect the low end, low price handset growth to continue quite strongly. But I think what we're seeing at the high end is probably somewhat anomalous this quarter.
 Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse:  Thanks a lot.
 Ron Slaymaker:  Thank you, Mike. Let's go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Parker - Sanford & Bernstein. 
 Adam Parker - Sanford & Bernstein : Yes, hi. This is the second straight quarter of incremental gross profits being a little weak in semis and I think one thing you guys have cited for further structural marginal expansion is mix. I guess with HPA growing this much, I was just trying to counter balance what other maybe negative influence is the word; did you cut utilization a lot for your slower demand outlook or how should we think about margins going forward? Your gross margins in particular in the semiconductor business, maybe out of this quarter, next quarter, the next couple of quarters?
Kevin March: Adam, you are talking in the context of the fall through in gross margins sequentially?
Adam Parker - Sanford & Bernstein: Yes. Just you had your revenue grow in semis, but the gross margin level didn't go up. I am just trying to think about what sort of secular and cyclical forces are left in terms of gross margin expansion from here?
Kevin March: Just to talk to the prior sequential fall through, just to keep in mind that in second quarter, we did benefit from sales tax refund and the loyalty settlement. 
Adam Parker - Sanford & Bernstein: Right.
Kevin March: And actually if you adjust for those, the fall through revenue being about 39% was closer to about 86%. So it added about 2.5 points to our margin back in the second quarter. So, actually that is up sequentially in that context. Those are non-recurring events that tend to make the analysis a little bit confusing.
Adam Parker - Sanford & Bernstein: So, I was looking at more of rolling over the last couple of quarters combined because I think it was weaker than expected in Q2 and I am just trying to figure out what things, more forward looking, would impact your margins. Normalizing for these one-time events, if you could think about what your utilization is or what your mix is or how could I argue margins are 200, 300, 400 basis points higher from now maybe two or three years down the line?
Kevin March: Yes I think that if we look at a couple of years out as we continue to see our high-performance analog business growing with the kind of the success it has been growing for the last few years, taking share and growing at the rate it is growing. It becomes a bigger portion of our overall revenues, as well as the products inside the portfolio offerings we have in HPA become a richer mix of our newer products, which are doing much better than the older products. Those elements coming together will help quite a bit, I think with our gross margin, in addition to the extent the DLP continues to grow and that continues to be a quite a profitable business for us. We would expect that to also have favorable effect on our gross margins.  The other just more block and tackle ones is just revenue growth, as we continue to keep our capacity well utilized and growing our revenue consistent with our goals for the last few years, that is faster than our competitors. So, it is really as straightforward as that, Adam. Just keeping up with the mix game and continuing to gain share.
Adam Parker - Sanford & Bernstein: What about in the near term here, like say Q1 versus Q4 or any pluses or minuses that you can point to that we could see gross margins actually up 50 or 100 basis points in the next couple of quarters from here?
Kevin March: I won't comment there. We pretty much try to limit our comments on outlooks to just the revenue line and the EPS line, when it comes to the near term like that Adam. But, again as these mixes change, I think it will contribute; when those mixes actually occur and what quarter they fall into, I would be presuming to know too much to try and forecast that specifically for you.
 Ron Slaymaker: I had just one other observation here just to get out of the noise, those benefits that were in the second quarter. If you look at incremental gross margin from the year-ago quarter, it was 58% for semiconductor according to my math, which I think is probably not that far off from where we have run over the longer term.
Adam Parker - Sanford & Bernstein: Yes. I guess  maybe just on the HPA side, just to follow up that point then do you think  if I look at the strong growth you had, is the gross margin level on this growth above what your other HPA margin structure looks like, in other words it is all  this extra revenue growth is coming at a higher margin level. So, we saw some benefits this quarter, was just masked by other issues or can you comment at all on that HPA profitability itself, because that seems to be a bit of a black hole.
Kevin March: Yes, Adam, I would say that it is improving, but it is a very  it's a slow pace, it's not a sudden pace or a big quarter-over-quarter. It's more a year-over-year kind of improvement we see in HPA margins as we see the mix shift to these newer products that are higher profitability. And that's going to be a slow and steady process to continue to improve that.
Adam Parker - Sanford & Bernstein: Last question, Kevin. Maybe you can talk about what some of your long-term goals are, because periodically you guys update us on that. I'm just trying to figure out if, in your longer-term plans, you think your earnings are growing 1.5, two times the market growth, or is it sustained high level return of capital? Any goals that we can pin you down to, so that we can evaluate two, three, four years out, how we're headed from here?
Kevin March: Certainly the goals that we talk about internally, and I believe we shared externally also is growing revenue faster than our competitors, in other words, taking market share. Grow our earnings faster than our revenue, our earnings per share faster than our revenue, and to have a return on invested capital that would put us in the upper quartile of our competitive universe.  We've been seeing those trends in that direction for the last few years and that is clearly our internal objective as we look out in the future to continue that pattern over the next few years. 
Adam Parker - Sanford & Bernstein: Okay, thanks guys.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Adam. We'll go to the next caller please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Good evening, guys. Thanks so much. First question, how long do you expect the period of weakness to last? Any way to triangulate around that?
Kevin March: Jim, right now we're just really forecasting out the fourth quarter, and so obviously we're looking at that being below seasonal. From a pattern standpoint, traditionally we do see, I think Ron had mentioned that our fourth quarter is usually up; our third quarter is usually up, our fourth quarter is usually up, our first quarter is usually down a little bit. What we are seeing right now though is we seem to be breaking with that seasonal pattern as it relates to fourth quarter. We'll probably need to wait a few more months before we give you any more flavor as to what we think the first and quarters beyond that hold.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: The follow-up around that is, you guys have done a really nice job of balancing the flexible manufacturing where you the first hit on wafer starts comes out of the foundries and I guess it would take a prolonged period of weakness to cut into your internal wafer starts.  How long would the period of weakness have to last before your internal wafer starts would have to maybe get cut and maybe gross margins would be at a little bit at risk at that point?
Kevin March: That's a pretty tough question, Jim, to be specific on. Keep in mind that we source a significant portion of our most expensive, capital-intensive wafers from the foundries. As you point out, we pull back on those load-ins first. It would have to take a theoretically pretty steep decline in overall demand for those load-ins to start the pulling back into our actual TI factories. Right now, I don't think I have a good number that I can really share with you to give you any more color as to what kind of decline that would take.
Ron Slaymaker: I think what we could share, Jim, is that if you look at, I think we said for example, 2005, we had about half of our advanced logic outsourced to foundries. So that's what Kevin is saying. Theoretically, you could cut that demand almost in half and before we have to strike internally. Now, the other thing we should also remind you of is that's only our advanced logic. So areas like wireless, certainly, fall into that category.  But on the other hand, in areas like analog or specifically high-performance analog, we have much more of our capacity sourced internally. So, to the extent we see softness in areas like analog or maybe some of the lagging logic process technologies, we would certainly have more direct impact on those.  Now, also as Kevin said, they tend not to be quite as capital intensive. But nonetheless, there would be some level of impact.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Maybe one final way to get at this. What do you expect inventory to do for the calendar Q4?
Kevin March: Jim, we don't typically forecast inventory. I think you do usually ask us that, and we usually have to gracefully deny answering that. But I would just keep in mind, there's quite a few moving parts inside this. We started to comment on this a couple of quarters ago that as we got capacity open in certain of the constrained areas that were affecting our chip supply and high-performance analog that we would go ahead and use those lines as they came open to go ahead and build ahead that die stock. We started doing that in third quarter, and we expect to continue doing that in fourth quarter.  What actually happens to inventory in relation to that moving part is going to be just a function of where overall demand winds up at the end of the quarter, how much of our current inventory is consumed before that.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Jim. And I think Kevin, also you said in your prepared remarks certainly some areas like wireless where we build inventory during third quarter and the outlook has changed for fourth quarter, we certainly have excess inventory that we hope to deplete going forward, is that correct?
Kevin March: Right.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you. Next caller please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thanks guys. Just a question on the bookings. If I look back to the '04 downturn, it didn't look like bookings fell nearly as severely as they did this time. Could you draw any parallels between the inventory versus demand side now and why it is so much more severe than back in '04?
Ron Slaymaker: Why? Ross, we're sitting here looking at each other, I don't know that we have any real insight into the booking trends and frankly, we haven't gone back and tried to do those comparisons recently. What I will say is to me, the big difference between 2006 and 2004, and you've heard us mention this before, is that in 2004 we had a very significant inventory correction that took place in our distribution channel. Our weeks of inventory in 2004 at distributors got up to somewhere in the 11-week range. That probably compares to a historical level of, say, ten weeks or so.  Currently, our distribution inventory levels are running less than eight weeks, lean certainly by historical standards but also generally where our distributors want them. So, that's not saying again there may not be  we don't have visibility into their end customers, but what we see directly in our channel doesn't lead us to believe that we have a big inventory correction. We certainly don't believe we have a big inventory correction at all that needs to take place in distribution.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: So, that is the reason why you are relatively comfortable on the HPA side, despite it doing better than most of your peers this quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: It's a much different situation currently from a channel inventory in 2004, that's correct.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Perfect. Then one follow-up is just to dive into the OMAP side of things, you talked about Japan and the number portability and why that OMAP business is down. When can we roughly find some sort of equilibrium in that business? If you give us any color on that that would be helpful. 
Kevin March: Ross, I don't want to try to go out on that limb. It's always been a challenge for us to estimate how long inventory corrections tend to take. This one is not any different. We were well aware during first half that they were building inventory. They told us that was part of their strategy. We knew coming out of -- in fact we talked about it in our July call -- that third quarter is when they would begin to bring those inventory levels back down. We expect it's going to continue in the fourth quarter, whether it goes into early 2007 or not, we just don't have that direct visibility. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you
 Ron Slaymaker: Thank you Ross, let's move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks, guys. Can you guys get any more specific on your expectations for gross margins next quarter? Sounds like you've obviously got some internal inventories to work through. I think you mentioned a little bit about loadings, whether it's internal or external. Is most of that going to come from outside, and what do you expect the impact to be on margins near-term? 
Kevin March: Cody, we're not actually specifically forecasting gross margins, but let me give you some color to think about it a little bit with. Most of the inventory growth we had in third quarter was as a result of wafers on the wireless side of things as we saw the demand expectation for the mix of high versus low cell phones in fourth quarter shift versus our prior expectations. So, that was really an external or a foundry-sourced inventory growth, if you will.  We pulled back on those loadings and will continue to adjust those loadings as we go through fourth quarter to match up with demand. That did not have much impact on our internal capacity, our internal demand coming out of the third quarter or going into fourth quarter. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, very good. Ron specifically for you, it's only been handful of weeks, really, since the mid-quarter update and obviously the tone is much different today than it was then. We're still not pointing to a lot of excess inventory out in the channels that are sell in versus sellout, it has been about as you expected. But yet, we've got a much, much different tone, much more conservative tone. Can you try to put some color on what's changed, what's different and where you got surprised? 
Ron Slaymaker: I think probably the biggest area certainly would be wireless. Hopefully, you've read that in the release as well as taking that away from the comments we made thus far. Even from the mid-quarter as it applies to third quarter, handsets were less than seasonal and certainly didn't provide the upside that certainly they had the potential to in third quarter. We see that carrying into fourth quarter. So again, the big shift is on the wireless side and for all the reasons that we've discussed already. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Do you believe that that is a matter of handset sales or do you believe it's a matter of handsets that are sitting out there, just not been sold and we need to work through that? 
Ron Slaymaker: Again, we don't see, we don't have the visibility into what our customers are carrying in terms of inventory in their channels. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, but you know better than we do. 
Ron Slaymaker: You're assuming way too much. But, you know, I'll also say, the other thing that complicates it, Cody, is they've all built inventory in third quarter as they do every third quarter because they're preparing for the holiday season. So it's not anything that you can really look at balance sheets and try to ascertain.  What I will say is if you just as we did, listen to what they said in their conference calls, you heard certainly some of our customers talking very similar to what we have in that units are fully meeting expectations, but much more weighted toward low-price handsets. So again, what we're describing is not a TI-specific occurrence. It's a description of what I believe has happened in the wireless industry. Certainly, we're a participant there.  As I said before, I don't think this is any kind of a longer-term shift on the high-end side. It's probably a pause and then hopefully we'll see the resumption of growth that we've experienced in earlier periods here. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Very helpful. Thank you. 
Kevin March: Thank you, Cody. Next caller, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely - JP Morgan. 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Thanks, guys. Ron, what percent of your wireless revenue is from Japan? 
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know specifically, Japan. I'm going to have to walk you, get you there, though by talking out loud. 3G this year is roughly about one-third of our wireless handset revenue. Inside of 3G, it's probably 45% OMAP and roughly 55% base band. And then OMAP is not all Japan, but certainly Japan is a very big part of it. I'm sorry, I just don't have more granularity than that set of numbers. 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: That's fine; and Japan is all OMAP for now, right? The base band has not kicked in yet? 
Ron Slaymaker: That is correct. That will be 2007 before that occurs.
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Okay great. What was sell-in versus sell-through during the quarter? 
Ron Slaymaker: The same. So we don't specifically break out our distributor numbers, but what I can say is, you didn't have a difference in sell-in versus sell-out that made a difference in terms of the growth numbers that we reported. 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Okay, thanks a lot.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you. Next caller, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Freedman  AmTech Research.
 Doug Freedman  AmTech Research : If I look at the bookings number, it looks like your guidance for next quarter is above what you just booked. Is it safe to assume that you believe bookings may increase in the quarter, to book to bill of one next quarter? 
 Ron Slaymaker: Doug, I think it's a good observation. Our turn requirements in the fourth quarter will be higher than they were in third quarter. But keep in mind, you heard us talk about coming out in the July call, that we had more backlog coverage coming in the third quarter than what we had had in many, many quarters. So I would describe it as third quarter was disproportionately high in terms of backlog coverage. Therefore, lower turns. Fourth quarter is kind of returning more toward a more normalized level just based upon historical numbers. 
 Doug Freedman  AmTech Research : All right. One clerical issue, if I could. You mention your tax rate is going to be 29%. Is that annualized? So, are we looking at a 26% tax rate for the fourth quarter to get to you to the 29%? 
Kevin March:
 Doug Freedman  AmTech Research : Okay, backing out the one-time, got it. Can you talk a little bit about the cost of ramping. How that's going and if that's progressed on plan? 
 Ron Slaymaker: It is progressing on plan. We are in production currently so we're shipping to customers and we'll let them talk about when they're shipping their product. But we are in fact shipping that to customers. I shouldn't say we'll let them talk about it. I think we've had customers publicly confirm that they will have their handsets based upon low-cost on the market this year. So it will be happening very shortly. 
 Doug Freedman  AmTech Research : And then if I could, one last question on DLP TV uptake in the market, any early indications on how it's doing in retail this season?
 Ron Slaymaker: It's probably too early for us to draw sell-through conclusions there. What I can say is, what we said already, which was DLP going into -- our shipments in third quarter were good. We also feel good about the inventory levels that are out there of DLP TVs that they're at appropriate levels, and we don't feel like we have an excess inventory situation by any means going into the holiday period.  But again, to be able to give any kind of real sell-through results with meaning, we probably need to wait another quarter here.
 Doug Freedman  AmTech Research : In the past, you've been hesitant in sharing seasonality of the DLP business, given just so many shifts in the market. Has that stabilized at all, that you can help us a little bit with what we should expect in terms of seasonality out of that business?
 Ron Slaymaker: Yes, Doug, again we don't enough history there to be able to talk what our revenue does. I can tell you what, in TV sales, seasonality looks like for large-screen TVs. But again, it's not based upon five years of history of our DLP TV revenue. If you look at TV sales, first quarter tends to be down about 20% in terms of units. Second quarter sequentially is down about 10%, and then third and fourth quarter both tend to be up in the 30% to 40% range unit-wise. Our sales lead in consumer sales is about 12 weeks. So, I'm not sure exactly how useful that information is, but I'll let you determine that.  With that, thank you for your call, Doug. Let's get to the next caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from Titus Menzies - Jefferies & Co. 
Titus Menzies - Jefferies & Co: Good evening, gentlemen. This is on behalf of John Lau. A couple of questions, quickly. Firstly, you spoke about the good traction you are seeing in the analog market. Between high-performance and the mainstream, can you break it out between where you are seeing the strong traction and do you perceive yourself gaining any market share or is it just the entire space is rising?
 Ron Slaymaker: I think if you just look at the results that have been reported to date, for third quarter and just recent months, not all of our peers are on the same calendar system we are, we absolutely believe we're gaining share. I just made the point earlier that that share didn't just begin in third quarter. It's a trend that's been going on for about four years now.  So, again, our product portfolio in high performance analog has improved significantly and we believe we have a larger sales footprint than any of our high-performance analog competitors. I think this quarter is just another quarter of results where you see that the benefits of both of those items coming to bear in terms of our high-performance analog results. Do you have a follow-up question?
Titus Menzies - Jefferies & Co: I do indeed. Just going back to the wireless handset market, you are guiding down for a seasonally weak Q4. Of that, how much of that is due to unit weakness or pricing weakness or change in product mix?
 Ron Slaymaker: Okay. It's all product mix. I shouldn't say all, by far, it's overwhelmed by product mix. I'll just clarify, sometimes you will hear and I saw I think some different analysts reporting handset levels from our customer reports, what they were calling weaker ASPs or declining ASPs. What I can tell you for us, I believe even for a lot of these customers, that's not what I typically think of as pricing weakness. It's lower ASPs that resulted because of a shift in the marketplace toward lower-priced handsets as opposed to higher-priced handsets.  Again, I'll just reiterate what I said earlier. Units are completely consistent with ours and with most customers and the analysts' expectations, roughly about 950 million units of handsets this year. But again, it's a different mix than what we had expected.  I thank you for your call, let's move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, and Ramsey. 
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, and Ramsey: Yes, thanks. I do wonder if you could just clarify some of what you were talking about with regard to the shift towards the low-end handsets. There were times in the past where we've seen some lower ASPs out of the channel and it didn't affect you guys. Maybe you could talk about content that you have within the phones, between the GPRS side and the 3G side. Is it really just a question of 3G growing a little bit more slower than your expectations or is it even a mixed shift within the GPRS product line?
 Ron Slaymaker: I don't want to limit it just to 3G, but I think for example, I will note some of our customers that have made comments to the investment community over the last week in their reports, that WCDMA maybe wasn't being pushed as aggressively by some of the European operators as they had originally expected. So certainly, I would suspect that's part of what is driving our results as well. So partly 3G, maybe just in general high-end smart phone type of technology. So again, low-end, maybe if anything, doing better than expected. But 3G and high-end just in general doing less than what we expected.  Now, if you go into your question about what is the relative content difference? Maybe I can use the LoCosto product as an example of what we are doing at the low end, that single chip product will have ASPs ranging from $5 to $10. What will drive the range, we actually have features like MP3 capability, Bluetooth capability that will be working its way into that LoCosto family of products, but generally call it $5 to $10 for low-end handset content for TI.  If you go to a 3G handset, for example, today the base band would be characterized as probably low to mid-teens. An OMAP application processor would similarly be low to mid-teens. And again, that doesn't mean in every 3G handset we're selling both of those products. But you can see the content opportunity for TI is certainly much higher in a 3G or high-end handset than it would be in a low-end handset.  Do you have a follow-up, Chris? 
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, and Ramsey: Sure. Maybe a follow-up on LoCosto and I'm sure you don't want to give us revenue guidance for LoCosto for next year. But I mean in terms of the addressable market that you guys see, or that low-end handset, maybe if you can give us more clarity or perhaps what your customers are telling you.  Then as a follow-on to that, is there any expectation that low-end market may cannibalize some of what's the existing low end of the GSM, GPRS market? 
 Ron Slaymaker: Sure. There's potential for cannibalization just from the standpoint of a customer, for example, today that using a multi-chip solution from TI or comprised a combination of product from TI and maybe some other semiconductor suppliers. I suspect we'll find the low-cost value proposition quite compelling and will convert over.  So, today's low-end marketplace, we expect, will convert over to single chip solutions. Just by way of example, as to the rate of that conversion, we would expect probably the low-end handsets that we're shipping today, roughly about half of it by the end of next year -- I shouldn't say half. More than half of it by the end of next year will have converted over to low-cost. A lot of factors come into play as to individual customers, plans and models and new model introductions and things like that, that drive that conversion rate. But it will be an aggressive conversion.  Yet at the same time, the price points that LoCosto will enable our customers to deliver in terms of low-priced handsets, we are absolutely convinced will drive that market larger and larger.  So, yes, there's some conversion or cannibalization of existing business, but the bigger opportunity will be driven by just a lot more units shipping into that space, based upon LoCosto and the higher value or the higher penetration and we will have in those handsets because of the integration that is involved in that LoCosto product.  Okay. Thank you for your questions, Chris. and let's move on to the next caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from Uche Orji - UBS. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you very much. I just wanted to go back to the analog question one more time. You've seen your revenue growth, 14% sequentially in high performance analog. If you look at the rest of your peers, they are going through an inventory correction right now. Can you give us an idea of how long you think you'll be able to abate the general slowdown in this part of the industry? How should we think about your future growth rate, say, in the next couple of quarters in this segment, also given that your inventory levels are fairly high at this point? I mean, you have an all-time high inventory. So I am looking at this thinking you've gained share. How much longer do you think you can continue to run contrary to the market?
 Ron Slaymaker: We don't break our outlook down into individual product lines. So I mean I realize we made some comments about wireless in the fourth quarter and our expectations there because of the materiality of it. But we don't have specific comments to offer in areas like high-performance analog for our growth expectations.  When I come back to the comment, though, of our performance relative to our peers, again I would just point specifically to areas like distribution, comments we've made about our current levels and what you've heard from us in the past few quarters about our levels of inventory and distribution and compare those to what some of our high-performance analog competitors have talked about.  I think in several cases, you've heard them talk about inventory corrections that are taking place in distribution and you've talked about weeks of inventory much higher than the less than eight weeks that we currently have out there. So again, at least in the distribution channel, and given distributors' current view of demand, we believe our inventory is lean.  I'll always put the disclaimer that if our distributors' view of their demand changes then of course they could view inventory levels in that light. But as we see it today, we believe our high-performance analog distributor inventories remain lean.  Do you have a follow-on?
Uche Orji - UBS: Yes, I do. Just settling back a little bit on LoCosto, and I get your point about the market will expand as most of your customers convert aggressively. In terms of your ramp plan at the moment, how should we think about the volume ramp of LoCosto? At what point do we expect to see hit minimal efficient scale? If I think about the margin impact of that, do you think the margin will be incremental to your overall profit margin, and at what point?  So let me just think about how this will ramp over time if you can just give me an idea. You get that 50% conversion or more than 50% by the end of next year. At what point do we see the margin being accretive? 
 Ron Slaymaker: On margin, I would just say do not confuse low price necessarily with low margin. Low price just means we have to have low cost to go along with it. Again, the value proposition that we offer with LoCosto is very high.  For our customers, LoCosto basically will enable them to achieve on the order of about a 20% electronic bill of material reduction versus their current solutions. Again, we are delivering very strong value to our customers. That does not even comprehend all the benefits of things like lower power consumption and better form factor and all that.  Again, LoCosto is low price. It enables low price for our customers, but it also is low cost because of the integration level that we have achieved with that technology.  Again, I would not, in terms of how significant and what is the pace of the ramp, what I can say is we are ramping into production, but in the near-term, it is going to be relatively low volume, considering the size of our wireless business overall. Once we get into '07, certainly it will be more significant as we progress through the year.  Thank you for your questions, and lets move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America Securities. You may go ahead. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Ron, I just had a question on your expectations for turns on the quarter. Clearly you expected sequentially higher turns. Could you comment on what you have seen so far this quarter? Does the turns rate you have seen so far support your outlook for sequentially higher turns on the entire quarter? Then I have a follow-up, please. 
Kevin March: I will go ahead and take that one. We do expect the turns would have to be higher in the fourth quarter to meet our revenue outlook than what we have seen in prior quarters. As Ron mentioned, with the kind of extended backlog that our customers were giving us during these past few quarters, as we were trying to recover from delivery delinquencies, that has begun to pull in, back to a more normal order environment, which means we will have to have more turns.  I would just say that the order pattern we are seeing is consistent with the range of the outlook that we have given to you so far. You had a follow-up question? 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Yes, actually, a couple. First quick one, the share buy-backs, fairly significant last quarter. Do we expect the pace to continue, or is it going to decelerate from here? 
Kevin March: There are a number of factors that work into our share buy-back. We look at the relative price. We look at the accretive nature of repurchasing certain volumes at certain prices, and we also look at offsetting overall exercises, and so on. When we put those together, it helps us develop our models as to what we think repurchase will be.  The board has given us an additional $5 billion of authorization on top of what we previously had, which means that we end the quarter with about $6.6 billion of remaining authorization. As long as we continue to see the kind of accretive opportunities that we have seen for the past, quite a few quarters now, at these prices, we will continue to be buyers of the stock.  Beyond that, I could not really comment on absolute levels.
Ron Slaymaker: Sumit, I am going to ask that we stop that question there, because we still have a significant backlog of callers trying to ask questions, and our time is nearing the end. Thank you for your questions. Let's move to the next caller, please.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital. You may go ahead.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital: Where are your lead times now? More specifically in HBA, where they were stretched out quite a bit. 
Ron Slaymaker: Lead times actually are pretty stable. There are some areas, especially those where we had what I would call supply constraints -- assembly tests, things like that -- earlier in the year, and where one, our delivery performance maybe has gone down, but we also had moved lead times out, that we have been able to pull those areas back in.  I would say overall, including high-performance analog, lead times remain stable with where they were 90 days ago.  Did you have a quick follow-on, Ambrish?
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital: Yes, a quick follow-on. I am just trying to understand -- you have talked a lot about wireless and then also about DLP a little bit. I am just trying to understand, if you look out, what are the trends for the other business segments, the major buckets?  What I am trying to get to is what we should take away, which we should not worry about, broader slow down in end demand. Of course, somebody like me, I always worry about end demand.
Ron Slaymaker: In terms of end demand, in macro events, we probably all read the same economic reports and debates, and we certainly do not have anything incremental that would be of value for you on that one.  I guess what I would just say is we do not really have much color. If you go into the fourth quarter, the area of most significant weakness by far is what we are seeing on the wireless front.  Beyond that, we will probably just need to wait. We will give you an update on December 11th, but we will report our results in January.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital: Ron, as of now, you expect all the other markets, all the other segments to be in line with seasonality? 
Ron Slaymaker: I did not say that. I said we will report in January.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital: Thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, and lets move to the next caller.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Mark Edelstone from Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Could you guys just provide a little bit more color into the trends you saw during the quarter, both in terms of orders and maybe revenue patterns for the non-wireless and non-analog DSP businesses? So looking at controllers, Standard Logic, ASICs, and so on -- kind of the broader businesses that TI still plays in.
Kevin March: What we saw from an order trend standpoint is, as we went looked at the months of the quarter, July was probably a little bit -- it started out a little bit weaker than June, but then August got quite a bit stronger than July, and then September, especially late September, got weaker than both July and August.  From a revenue standpoint, we saw a fairly normal pattern of revenue, where it increased -- as it usually does as we come into the holiday quarter -- it increased steadily throughout the quarter, and such that each months revenue was larger than the prior month, with September clearly being the very largest month.  From the standpoint of the various other businesses -- Ron may have to help me out here to remember -- I think we had pretty much single-digit growth in the other businesses on a sequential basis, Standard Logic, as you mentioned, ASIC and some of the other smaller pieces.  Just a sec, looking at a piece of paper here -- yes, Standard Logic, it grew less than 10%, ASICs was down a bit sequentially, microcontrollers about even.  Really, nothing of real note inside those pieces. 
Ron Slaymaker: Mark, you also asked about trends, and I do not have this broken down by business, but if you look at our semiconductor trends month-by-month overall, on the revenue side, it built monthly. August was higher than July, and September was higher than August.  On the order front, August was higher than July, but then September declined from the August level. We did see orders weaken during the month of September.  Do you have a quick follow-on, Mark? 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Yes, I do. Have you tried to do a post-mortem there, to kind of understand? It sounds like most of this call so far has really centered around you guys being somewhat surprised by the trends in wireless. I would argue that the order patterns you are seeing here in the non-DSPs businesses would have been unusually weak in September. What do you attribute that weakness to on the order front? 
Kevin March: I think the biggest thing we saw on the order front on the other businesses, Mark, was the fact that as we began to catch up on deliveries, the extended lead times that we were seeing from a host of customers, as our ship availability and as their inventory levels came more in line with what they felt they needed, they reduced their orders that were going way out in time. It really is as simple as that. In our view, that is what happened. They simply have not put the orders out several quarters as they have done. They have been putting orders more in a normal timeframe. 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Is it likely that we will see an inventory correction there then, do you think? It sounds like it is a classic reversal after relatively long lead times and potential delinquencies. 
Kevin March: We do not have enough information yet to -- by inventory correction, that would presume that everybody's inventory is a little bit too high. We do not have enough information to be able to make any conclusion like that.  All we can conclude is that the distance out in time in which they put orders on us came in quite a bit, and so we can see that they have reduced the order window, consistent with our chip availability increasing. But we do not have enough information to be able to help add color to that point that you are making, as to whether or not there is more inventory than they choose to have. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Mark. And let's move to the next caller.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Joseph Osha from Merrill Lynch. You may go ahead.
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Hi there, two questions, I will be quick. First, your HPA analog business, I assume is, on a margin level, comparable with the other companies out there, right? 
Kevin March: Joe, we do not actually break it out, but I think that we have talked in general, that there is room to grow on that -- 
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Here is the thrust of the question -- if I look at those companies, there seems to be a fair amount of pressure on the traditional HPA model. As you talk about that as the source of margin expansion, and I know it has to be well above corporate average for you, is there some concern that maybe you are running into a market that has some problems there?
Kevin March: I think that is a good question for perhaps some of those competitors, but what I can continue to say to you is that our margins do tend to be above corporate average, as you observed, Joe, and as HPA becomes a bigger portion of our total revenues, we look to that to continue to improve our overall corporate performance. 
Ron Slaymaker: Joe, the color I will add is we have said our goal for our high performance analog business is to achieve gross margins in the range of 65% to 70% and operating margins probably in the range of 40% to 50%, and we are not at those goals yet, so we are progressing towards those.  We are expanding margins, but at the same time, we are not at the very high margins that some of those players are that maybe are more challenged by growth as well. 
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, and if I may ask this. The second question is, just looking at buy-backs versus dividends, I have to ask, $5 billion in buy-backs over the last 12 months, and the stock is where it is. Any chance that we might ever see a dividend yield approaching and S&P on the stock?
Kevin March: Well, it is a question that our investors bring up from time to time as well, Joe. What we are looking at is right now, at these stock prices, it does seem to be a better return for our shareholders over the long haul, by going ahead and buying back shares at these price points.  As you have seen us do in the last couple of years, we have been increasing our dividends, and we will continue to take a look at that, but I do not have any particular specific forecast for you on the dividend outlook.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Joe, and let's move to the next caller, please.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Tim Luke from Lehman Brothers. You may go ahead.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Ron, just a couple of clarifications. With respect to the 3G market, is your forecast there the same? Could you give us a number there?
Ron Slaymaker: I'm sorry, Tim, the forecast for --
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: This 3G market in saying that ex-Japan, that wireless is lower. I was wondering if you were adjusting your expectation for the 3G market this year? Thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: I do not think we ever independently had our own forecast. I mean, I think, given we are three quarters down, we probably still see it in the 100 million unit range for the year 2006.  But I think certainly as the year was progressing and 3G was running as strong as it was, you saw a lot of analysts that were probably taking that number up, probably in the range of 100 million to 120 million units over the last couple of quarters. We believe it will still exceed 100, but just not sure exactly how much.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Then, if I may, just in saying that 3G was around a third of the revenue, would it be fair to assume that the low-end is approximately a third as a well, with a third in the mid-tier? Perhaps you could -- any color there would be helpful.  Then, just for Kevin, in saying that the DLP was up 11% in the quarter, I think that was what you said. Is that broadly in line with your expectations in terms of that arena? Thank you. 
Ron Slaymaker: The low-end we would characterize at being about 25% of our year-to-date wireless revenue. Let me define what we think low-end is. Basically, that is the products that we have shipping in the handsets that generally sell for $75 or less. Again, it is not a perfect science. It is our estimate of how much of our revenue is low-end.  Again, a third, high-end; 25% or so, low-end -- I am sorry, a third, 3G; 25% or so are low-end; and then the rest, whatever that nets out to be.  Kevin, on DLP.
Kevin March: Tim, I think you asked was the DLP what we expected in the quarter, and the answer is yes. It was up 11% sequentially, which was consistent with our expectation.  Actually, just as a little bit more color from a prior commentary on that, the TV side of that is doing quite well, did quite well from an order pattern standpoint, especially in the 1080p -- or I guess what they are calling the ultimate High Definition -- is being received well by our customers. Apparently, at the end-market, we are seeing sell-through being quite positive on that. 
Ron Slaymaker: With that, we are going to wrap up the call. I apologize for those of you that were holding and we were unable to get to your questions, but let me remind you that the replay is available on our website. Thank you, and good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Have a great evening.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-24 22:15:00) =====
Executives:
Analysts: Glen Yeung - Citigroup  John Lau - Jefferies  Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein  Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus  Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse  Nimal Vallipuram - Hapoalim Securities  David Wu - Global Crown Capital  Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings  Chris Danely  JP Morgan  Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs  Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers  David Wong - A.G. Edwards  Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board  Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities  Charlie Glavin - Needham & Company  Allan Mishan - CIBC World Markets  Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley  Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch
Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings conference call. Kevin March, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today.  For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for September 11th. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. We will observe a quiet period beginning on September 1st until the update. In today's call, I will review our highlights of revenue performance and then Kevin will discuss profit performance and the third quarter outlook. We will keep our remarks short, saving time for us to respond to your questions. In this call, all of our financial results will be described for continuing operations, including historical comparisons, unless otherwise indicated. The Sensors and Controls business was divested on April 27th and is reported as a discontinued operation. Second quarter TI revenue of $3.7 billion was up 11% from the first quarter and grew 24% from a year ago. This was in the middle of our updated range of expectations that we issued in June and in the upper part of the original range that we issued in April. Semiconductor revenue was up 7% sequentially and up 26% from a year ago. This was the fourth consecutive quarter of accelerated year-on-year growth for semiconductor. Semiconductor revenue benefited from the royalty settlement with Conexant that we discussed at mid-quarter update and that was included in our updated guidance. Recall that this was a $70 million cash payment that was received in the quarter. Educational and Productivity Solutions revenue grew $118 million, or 160% sequentially, due to seasonal demand for graphing calculators as retailers began to stock for the upcoming back-to-school season. E&PS revenue grew 6% from a year ago due to higher demand from instructional dealers that supply school districts. Driving the semiconductor results was continued strong demand for analog and DSP. Analog revenue grew 8% sequentially, primarily due to demand for TI's high-performance analog products, which grew 5%, as well as demand for analog products used in broadband applications. Analog revenue was up 23% from a year ago, primarily due to high-performance analog growth of 32%.  DSP revenue was about even with the first-quarter level and was up 24% from the year-ago quarter due to demand from the wireless market. Turning to wireless, our results from the second quarter continued to be strong. Revenue from wireless products in the second quarter was up 4% sequentially and up 27% from the year-ago quarter.  3G revenue continued to set the pace and was up over 70% from a year ago. We believe we are continuing to gain share in WCDMA modems, further extending the leadership position that we already hold. In fact, our WCDMA digital base-band unit shipments were up 44% over the first quarter. Overall, the wireless end market is developing consistent with our expectations. In addition, we are especially encouraged by a couple of key happenings during the second quarter that pertain to wireless.  First, the continued healthy growth in the wireless market points to the increasing importance of this market as a driver for the semiconductor industry overall.  Second, there was solid reinforcement in the quarter for TI's strategy to focus on open standards as operators around the world continue to adopt GSM. A recently published report said that 25 CDMA operators are now using or planning to use the GSM standard.  According to the report, several of these operators have said they will shut down their CDMA networks in favor of GSM. These operators that are availing themselves and their consumers of the scale advantages that GSM, with over 80% of the world subscribers today, provides.  As the leading chip vendor for GSM, we expect to benefit accordingly. In fact, we are preparing to help accelerate this transition, particularly in the emerging markets where market demand is highly sensitive to handset price.  In the second-half of this year, we will begin production of our single-chip cell phone solution. We expect single-chip architectures to be quickly adopted across a range of handsets and standards, due to their cost efficiency and performance attributes.  TI is the early leader here. Considering the cost advantages that we can provide our customers with this architecture and the royalty burden inherent in CDMA, we believe the GSM market will maintain healthy growth in the years ahead. Finally, in DLP products, revenue increased 15% sequentially, and grew 34% from a year ago. HDTV products were the biggest factor in the sequential growth, although products for front projectors also contributed strongly to the growth from a year ago. At this point, I will ask Kevin to review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me start by breaking out the details of the royalty settlement and the sales tax refund from the State of Texas that we received in the second quarter.  Both of these items were discussed at the mid-quarter update and their financial impact to our continuing operations was as we had expected at that point. First, the royalty settlement was a $70 million cash payment to TI. Similar to other royalties, this was included in semiconductor revenue in the quarter. In this case, there was a $10 million cost of revenue associated with an agreement we have with Stanford University on some of this intellectual property.  The operating profit and profit before tax impact was $60 million in the second quarter. As a related note, this profit impact does not include the current or past legal expenses incurred in recovering this royalty settlement. Next, the benefit of the sales tax refund was a total of $77 million. This was a favorable result from our negotiations with the State of Texas over sales taxes that we had paid on various purchases over a nine-year period.  The benefit is broken up as follows: it reduced cost of revenue by $31 million; R&D by $21 million; and SG&A by $5 million; and it increased other income and expense by $20 million. TI's second quarter gross profit from continuing operations was $1.91 billion and gross margin was 51.6% of revenue. Gross profit increased $235 million from the first quarter, with $91 million of the increase associated with the royalty settlement and sales tax refund and the remainder primarily associated with higher revenue. Outside of the royalty settlement with Conexant, royalties declined as we had expected in the quarter due to the expiration of certain cross-license agreements. These royalties were in the range of $60 million to $70 million in the second quarter and we believe this represents the bottom for this decline.  We have renegotiated and signed some agreements and others currently are under negotiation. We do not have any other significant expirations in the near term. Operating expenses were even with the first quarter. Outside of a $26 million benefit from the sales tax refund, operating expenses increased due to higher semiconductor product development, especially in wireless. TI's operating profit for the quarter was $953 million or 25.8% of revenue. This includes a total benefit of $117 million associated with the royalty settlement and sales tax refund. Without these items, operating margin would have been 23% of revenue.  Operating profit also includes stock-based compensation expense of $84 million, or 2.3% of revenue. Other income and expense was $88 million, up $36 million sequentially due to the sales tax refund and higher interest income, which reflected our increased cash position.  Income from continuing operations was $739 million, or $0.47 per share. It might help if I summarized the second quarter's earnings per share transition from the $0.33 that our continuing operations produced in the first quarter: I will leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for to you review in the release. Let me make just a few comments.  Cash flow from operations was $667 million in the quarter and we ended the quarter with $5.67 billion in total cash. Our cash position was positively affected not only by our strong operational results but also by the $2.98 billion we received from the sale of the Sensors and Controls business. These were partially offset by our stock repurchases.  In the second quarter, we used $1.04 billion of cash during the quarter to repurchase 33 million shares of TI common stock. In the quarter, 275 million of variable-rate bank notes were also prepaid. Inventory of $1.34 billion at the end of the second quarter increased $89 million as we prepared for expected higher shipments in the second-half of the year.  Days of inventory at the end of the second quarter were 67, the same as the first quarter level.  TI orders in the second quarter were $3.91 billion, an increase of 8% sequentially. Semiconductor orders were up 10% sequentially. As a result, we continue to build backlog in the quarter with a semiconductor book-to-bill ratio at 1.07, up from 1.05 in the first quarter. Turning to our outlook for the third quarter, we currently expect total revenue from continuing operations to be in the range of $3.63 billion to $3.95 billion; semiconductor revenue should be in the range of $3.45 billion to $3.75 billion; and E&PS should be in the range of $180 million to $200 million.  Earnings per share from continuing operations are expected to be in the range of $0.42 to $0.48 in the second quarter. In summary, TI is well-positioned for market opportunities that continue to exhibit long-term growth potential; near-term, customer demand trends remain positive; our backlog is strong; and we expect seasonal growth in the third quarter.  We will continue to pay close attention to the economic environment as well as inventory trends at our customers and in our channels. As these indicators reflect change, either up or down, we will respond accordingly. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thanks, Kevin. At this time, I will ask the Operator to open the lines up for your questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Glen Yeung from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thank you. This may sound like a bizarre question in this economic environment, but given the fact that your orders are up, your backlog is up, how do you characterize your visibility here? Do you actually think it is better than it was at the end of first quarter?
Kevin March: Glen, that is exactly how we characterize it. We had the book-to-bill at 1.07, which was actually stronger than 1.05 we saw in the first quarter. As we looked at the pattern of orders that came in, our customers are actually putting orders on us that extended a bit further out in the future than what we have seen in recent quarters.  I would concur with your observation -- it is better visibility than we have seen recently.
Ron Slaymaker: Glen, I would just say as it leads into third quarter, we are coming into third quarter with what I would characterize as a very strong backlog coverage of our expected revenue.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: For either of you, in the wireless business unto itself, is what you are seeing more a function of end market relative strength, or do you think there is some new product build, new model build, that is contributing to the relative strength as well in the third quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: Probably combinations. I would say certainly the end market remains strong. I think analyst numbers that I have seen have shown handset unit growth, second quarter versus year-ago, something like at the 26% level. So clearly that is a healthy market, but I think the other benefit that TI experiences is that if you look at who our major customers are, they are the players that seem to be gaining share. For example, Nokia, Motorola, Sony Ericsson, I think all three of those players reported revenue growth for their handset business in the most recent quarter up over 20%. I think two of them were up over 40%.  So a combination of a strong market and customers that are doing well, and then finally, as you said, products. Certainly 3G, for us being up 70% from a year ago, is a technology trend and a consumer appetite that we are benefiting from as well.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: And LoCosto too. Thank you. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Glen. Next caller, please.
Operator: The next question come from John Lau from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
John Lau - Jefferies & Co.: Just circling back on the wireless concerns, there has been so much consternation about the inventory buildup. Ron, correct me if I am wrong, you are in a hub arrangement. Can you characterize what you are seeing there? It seems like you probably have the best reaction time and visibility right now to what the inventory levels are for these wireless handsets. I was hoping you could settle that concern once and for all.
Ron Slaymaker: Certainly where we are managing the hubs with the largest wireless customers, those inventories are well-behaved and where we want them to be and where the customer wants them to be.  We do not have that perfect visibility at all customers and not even all wireless customers, especially when you move down to some of the smaller players, but I would say in general we are not aware of wireless inventory issues that are out there. Probably the one exception that we would identify would be in Japan, where that operator actually built ahead inventory. They did it proactively during the first-half of this year in order to help motivate a subscriber transition over to 3G before they face a number of portability that kicks in this fall. That would probably be the one area where some inventory has built and first-half of this year would be above what we would characterize as a sustained run-rate.  But that is a situation that I would say we understand and there was a strategy behind.
John Lau - Jefferies & Co.: Ron, in terms of the pull-through and the signals that you have, there is nothing unusual or changed in that manner?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, in second quarter there is a lot of noise, even within the investor community about different customers and handset manufacturers shifting around, for example, low-end demand. We did see some of that. Most of it was what I would characterize as in-quarter adjustments to their demand.  I guess the other thing I would say is we do not believe those changes -- first of all, they are normal. They happen all the time. We also do not believe they are reflective of changes in underlying consumer demand but rather they were rationalization of those particular OEM market share aspirations.  I do not want to sit here and say we did not see any change but they were understood and they were certainly inside the guidance that we were giving, even in the first of June.
John Lau - Jefferies & Co.: That clears it up. Thank you very much, Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: All right, John. Thank you. Next caller, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Parker from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.: A couple of questions, I will try to be fast.  Firstly, your incremental gross margins were a little bit weaker than I had expected, given your depreciation boost and the royalty and the tax. It looks like they were only about 39% sequentially. Any moving factors in the quarter on gross margins? I know you do not like to talk about them quarter over quarter, but was there something happening that moved around your gross margins mix or something in the quarter here?
Kevin March: Adam, you are talking about the semiconductor fall-through when you are quoting that number?
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.: Yes, either way. I know you have the big build in Q2 but clearly, even at the corporate level, you did not get the drop-through that you got in some of the previous quarters.
Kevin March: Right. We got an absolute drop-through of 65% but you have correctly done the math and you pulled out the one-time benefits that we had, and that works out to about 38%, 39% fall-through. You put it well. There is a lot of noise that always happens inside of a quarter-over-quarter basis, which is why we prefer to look on a year-over-year basis, because we think it tells you a lot more. You do that same math, and it is 62% on a year-over-year basis. However, there was one fairly large moving part inside the quarter that I alluded to in my opening comments a few minutes ago, and that was having to do with royalties.  We are now down to in the quarter, about a $60 million to $70 million kind of quarter on royalties versus you recall a year ago, we ran about $100 million a quarter, give or take a little bit. That has worked its way through the quarter. That certainly was a transition impact in the second quarter. It was not unexpected; it was inside our expectations but that clearly was a drag on those margins. 
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.: So sequentially, royalties were down $40 million? Is that what you said?
Kevin March: No, they are probably down about $20 million during the quarter.
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.: Okay, but that would not explain the whole delta. Is there anything else, or is this kind of factory and a lot of moving parts -- anything else you can give there? 
Kevin March: I would give you more of a lot of moving parts on that. That gets you to about -- when you adjust for that royalty, that fall-through sequentially, it computes to more like about 50%.
Ron Slaymaker: Adam, I would just add it is this kind of noise is why we do not.  If you go back to first quarter, our semiconductor incremental gross margin was something like 300%. If you try to compute incremental margin off of what we have given you in terms of guidance for third quarter, you will see a relatively high number in third quarter as well.
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.: Right, it should be well above what you just did here. 
Ron Slaymaker: I think that would be a reasonable assumption.
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.: All right. Second question is, if your visibility is a bit better, as somebody said early and your semi orders are up, then why is the guidance only up 2.5 or whatever sequentially? Did lead times extend here and you are betting cancellations, or is there a normal seasonal slowdown in turns? Can you just give a little bit more color on the disconnect between your better visibility and the guidance?
Ron Slaymaker: I think what you need to adjust for is the $70 million royalty settlement in the second quarter. If you back that out, the sequential growth probably looks more consistent with what you would expect. In fact, I think for semiconductors, it is something like a range of 0% to 9% sequentially going into the third quarter, if you have adjusted for that settlement [payment].
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.: That makes sense. Lastly, I do not know if you do this on purpose or not, but you did not mention the 3G sequential growth. Can you just remind me what that was? I know you said the year-over-year number was 70. What is the sequential growth in 3G, Ron?
Ron Slaymaker: We do not break it out every quarter, in all of its dimensions but clearly with 44% modem unit growth quarter by quarter, you can assume it grew and was a solid contributor to the sequential growth as well.
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.: Why the opaqueness here? 
Ron Slaymaker: Actually, the focus we want to provide was on the year-on-year growth rate. I thought the unit growth would be beneficial because I noticed last week, one of our major competitors provided their unit growth sequentially. I just provided that number for a direct comparison.
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.: One last thing, sorry -- what do you expect to happen to your inventory in the third quarter in dollar terms? Do you expect to build it again or would you expect to draw some down on your own balance sheet in Q3? Thank you.
Kevin March: Of course, as you well know, we do not forecast inventory growth per se. It is going to be a function of what we believe our revenue outlook is going to be for the future. We are also going to be continuing to take advantage of trying to use any of our critical capacity for opportunistic build ahead.  That is, some of those lines that have been tight for the last few quarters, as they begin to open up we are going to go ahead and try to continue to use those to build some inventory, so as not to get behind on those lines and the products that come off those lines in the future.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Adam, thank you and let's move to the next caller, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Cody Acree from Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: I know you cannot give a lot of detail as to specifics, but can you give a directional, at least your view, of some of the end markets for the third quarter and what goes into your guidance?
Ron Slaymaker: I do not think we want to try to break our guidance down specifically by end market. We are probably more comfortable talking about that from the standpoint of second quarter. In terms of forward-looking, we would prefer not to break it down like that.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: You said that visibility is that much better; are there any sectors you feel more comfortable with versus others?
Ron Slaymaker: I would probably leave it the same response, that we really do not want to provide those forward-looking views.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Let me try it another way then. The 0% to 9% sequential growth you talked about for the semis, what would have to happen to get to the low-end of that range, for that 0% to happen? It sounds like things are actually fairly stable from your end markets or from your visibility. What has to happen to get to that 0%? 
Ron Slaymaker: You can always have negative factors come along, whether it is driven by a macro environment, and certainly there is a lot of noise out there -- between Middle East conflict, and rising interest rates, and uncertainty about what the Fed will do, and investors expectations about what the Fed will do -- if that created a change in consumer behavior and buying patterns, certainly that could drive us toward the low-end of that range.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Lastly, when you guys are sitting around and looking at preparing for this conference call and looking at what the guidance is going to be, obviously now we have had a lot of semiconductor and technology of earnings reports, what do you see as the disconnect out there, where you are giving us a pretty strong view, we are seeing a lot of companies out there pointing towards not just wireless but just generally inventories in the channel, maybe a little more lethargy than demand -- there is definitely a disconnect between what you are seeing and what maybe the broader market is seeing. Can you help us out there a little bit?
Kevin March: I will offer a few comments and then, of course, Ron can add some other color.  I think one of the things we need to keep reminding ourselves of is TI is really quite well-positioned -- in fact, I would even point out uniquely-positioned -- in some very essential strong-growing markets. Clearly the wireless market, both the high-end and the low-end, infrastructure, the fact that many more operators are going to GSM is all very, very good news for our overall wireless position.  Clearly our high-performance analog business continues to do very well, up 32% on a year-over-year basis, 5% on a quarterly basis.  Then DLP, you know, we are uniquely positioned to take advantage of some of the high-definition TV and the growing market for front projectors with our DLP technology. In the case of DLP, up 34%. Really, it is a function of both the products that we offer in DSP and analog, and also the markets that those products are selling into, that make us unique versus many of the other people that you are comparing us against, or people are comparing us against today.
Ron Slaymaker: I would just add that when you think about the semiconductor industry overall, so much of that comparison is weighted down these days by what is going on with the PC. I will remind you, our exposure to the PC these days is less than 10% of our semiconductor revenue tied directly to the PC.  Not only do areas like wireless and high-performance analog and high-definition TV and projectors, not only do they drive a good second quarter but I think those are long-term trends that, frankly, the contrast just gets starker in the years ahead.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Excellent. Just one clarification; you mentioned the single chip revenue, the wireless single chip, LoCosto. When do you expect to have that into real volume revenue?
Ron Slaymaker: The second half of this year is when we will ramp volume on that.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: And on the shelves?
Ron Slaymaker: In the second half of this year as well.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: On the shelves? 
Ron Slaymaker: Right. Just in case the other people did not hear your question specifically, since I was talking over you, the second-half of this year is when we will ramp production and when we expect to have manufacturers with product on the marketplace as well, based upon that single chip product.  Thank you, Cody. We will move on to the next caller, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Masdea from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse First Boston: Thank you. DSP, given the strength you saw on some of the modem business and wireless you talked about, it was flat overall. Were there some moving parts that pulled it down a little bit?
Ron Slaymaker: Actually, there are a couple things we can point to in DSP. First of all, I assume you're talking about from a sequential standpoint, where that revenue was flat compared to wireless being up 4%?
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse First Boston: Yes.
Kevin March: The coms infrastructure build-up we had was one item.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes. You will recall last quarter, we talked about strength in coms infrastructure -- that includes both Internet-type of equipment as well as wireless infrastructure. Sequentially, wireless infrastructure was up. The other part of the coms infrastructure, more the Internet-type equipment, was down sequentially.  As we dug into that, that really was specific to in the first quarter, one of our large customers there -- actually, what became a large customer; it was a customer that previously was using a competitor's product that was in the process of transitioning to TI. Basically, they brought in inventory and did a bit of a channel fill as they were making that transition. That is probably the most notable cross-current that I can think of, and that was really more of a first-quarter effect. The second quarter is probably more reflecting the ongoing run-rate for that piece of the business.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse First Boston: When you say Internet equipment, you do not mean broadband, do you? You mean more infrastructure?
Ron Slaymaker: Infrastructure, infrastructure, and specifically high-density voice type of equipment. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse First Boston: Great. You made a comment about some of your customers extending their lead time, or their visibility on you. Are you implying that lead time stretched out a little bit? Then, if you could also talk around what is your approach toward lead times right now? Do you still keep them lean or you are not able to control them? What is going on there?
Ron Slaymaker: I think even at the mid-quarter update, we were talking about in some of the standard product areas, including some of the high-performance analog products, just because ongoing demand had remained so strong, we did move some of the lead times out probably 1 to 2 week types of extension.  Customers just realize the environment is running pretty strong and availability is certainly not what I would call excessive, and so they are giving us additional visibility just to help from a planning purpose and to help ensure their supply going forward.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse First Boston: Just to follow up real quick, do you feel the necessity, given everybody is so worried about everything in the macro, et cetera, to scrub those down a little bit in this environment or are you just trying to assume that these customers have a really good grasp on their business right now?
Ron Slaymaker: We do a little bit of both. For example, with distributors we literally go through and match up their demands on us with their customers' demands on their product to make sure that what they are trying to do from an inventory standpoint and orders they placed on us make sense.  With the broader customer base, it is probably a little more difficult to do that, given the diversity of customers that we are playing with. We certainly try to do it to our best extent but I will readily admit that is not going to be perfect.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse First Boston: Thank you. 
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Michael. Next caller, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Nimal Vallipuram - Hapoalim Securities. Please go ahead.
Nimal Vallipuram - Hapoalim Securities: Two questions here; number one is if you look at the wireless business in the second quarter, you said you were up about 4% from first quarter. Is that sequential growth when you compare it historically? Is it in line, higher than expected or lower than expected? I have a follow-up question on that.
Ron Slaymaker: It is in line on all of those perspectives. If you look at, it is pretty much right in there with the normal, what I would call average growth. I think we measured, over the last 8 years, I think it is right in that 4% to 5%.  I would say it is actually strong if you consider that first quarter, our wireless sequential growth was roughly flat where the normal seasonal first quarter would be down about 5%. Second quarter was normal seasonal growth on what I would call a tougher compare. 
Nimal Vallipuram - Hapoalim Securities: Just to follow-up on that, I am trying to do the same thing the other analysts were trying to do in the last half-an-hour. Is it possible that the first-half of the year, for whatever the reason, the orders from the up-stream customers, so-called component suppliers, were pulled in by the customers? I am not sure why that happened, but is there a possibility that happened in the first-half? Did you get any indication of that?
Ron Slaymaker: I am sorry, you are saying pulled into the first-half from the second-half? Is that what you are saying?
Nimal Vallipuram - Hapoalim Securities: Yes.
Ron Slaymaker: I do not know that answer. There is always that possibility. I do not believe we think that was extensive, with the exception of, as I said, the FOMA handsets in Japan where we knew they did a build-ahead. 
Nimal Vallipuram - Hapoalim Securities: Just a final question; on the business, excluding DSP and the analog, it grew 17% quarter over quarter, am I right?
Kevin March: Yes, that grew 17%.
Nimal Vallipuram - Hapoalim Securities: Kevin, can you give us some details as to what part of the business grew? That sounds like higher-than-expected growth from non-DSP and non-MSP business. Was there a one-time surge in orders for some product?
Kevin March: Inside that other is the Conexant royalty that we had mentioned, so when you back that out, it really only grew about 8% quarter over quarter, so much more where you would expect.
Nimal Vallipuram - Hapoalim Securities: Is that 8% as expected for that business?
Kevin March: Yes, and what you will see inside that, that is where you see DLP, which of course is up 15% quarter over quarter. Ron mentioned during the mid-quarter update we were seeing strength in some of the microcontroller space, such our MSP430 family, and so on. We saw those kinds of things happen with the smaller business units.
Nimal Vallipuram - Hapoalim Securities: All right. Thank you, Kevin. Thanks for the time, Ron.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Nimal. Next caller, please.
Operator: The next question comes from David Wu from Global Crown Capital. Please go ahead.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital : Ron, can you give us an idea about the lead times currently that stands on order standard products, especially the high-performance analog part?  The other thing I was curious about is the broad range of customers you have obviously have not been paying much attention to CNBC news every day. What do you suspect the optimism is based on?
Ron Slaymaker: I'm sorry, you're talking about -- ?
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: The lead times on standard products, particularly the high-performance analog; where do these stand currently?
Ron Slaymaker: I don't have a full-up listing, and again, keep in mind we have 15,000 different high-performance analog products. I believe those lead times are generally in the eight to nine week type of range. Probably, we'd characterized them more previously being six, seven, eight weeks, somewhere in that range. To what do we attribute -- ?
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: The customers' optimism, other than not watching CNBC television every single day?
Ron Slaymaker: Well, I mean, take our biggest business, wireless and I read our major customers' conference call transcripts from the last week, and it seemed like all of them are pretty clear about what's driving their business. It's areas like 3G adoption and market share gains in that space and low-price handsets in emerging markets like India and South America and Africa and Southeast Asia all driving a lot of growth in that space. Once again, our customer base tends to be the big players in that space. Finally, most of these customers are focused on the GSM space. I think there's a lot of excitement, enthusiasm that there's even higher incremental opportunity when you consider more and more of these CDMA operators are expressing their interest in shifting to GSM as well.  So, pretty much when you go down the list of things that's driving their success -- and therefore, driving TI's success -- it's pretty extensive and it's positive.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Actually, Ron, I was thinking about the broader customers, the smaller ones; not the Nokias and the Motorolas of the world. Those are the people that have given you longer lead orders, right? Is that a function of your standard products lead time going out?
Ron Slaymaker: As I said, in some what I characterize as more isolated areas, we've pushed orders out. But I think again, you have to be a little careful that when they give us more extended visibility, that's not necessarily because of optimism. That's because they want to ensure supply. So it's just giving their supplier in this case additional extended visibility. The other thing I would say, by the way, is our backlog, by far most of it, almost all of it is still inside 90 days. So that 90-day window is what I would describe as well within their horizon to be able to forecast. We're not pushing their limits there in terms of forecasting their business.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, David. And let's move to the next caller.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Caso from Friedman, Billings. Please go ahead.
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings: Yes, hi. Thanks. Just a follow-on to something you said earlier. If you could talk about how your visibility normally changes as you go through the third quarter? In other words, when are your customers typically firming up orders for the seasonal build? What are the potential time horizons, when they could either expedite orders or reduce the forecast as you go forward in the third quarter? What's typical, seasonally, for you guys?
Kevin March: Chris, I don't know if there's really a seasonal answer, per sae, on that. It's more a question of availability and their perception of what their overall demand levels are.  As Ron indicated, we are seeing where in some areas, they've given us a little bit more visibility into the future. But for the most part, the kind of orders that we're seeing are broad-based. They're across our portfolio and across the markets that we're in and are probably consistent with the fact that our customers are feeling reasonably confident of what their outlook is. I think you're asking what their cancellation numbers are. Again, that's going to vary, custom products versus catalog products, with a variation inside that. We haven't changed those, and I don't see where we're going to be changing those any time in the future. We constantly have cancellations and reschedules every quarter. We had them last quarter, the quarter before, I expect we'll have them in the third quarter. But again, what we're sharing with you right now is that everything that we see at this point says that we should expect a solid quarter in the third quarter based upon the backlog we come into the quarter with.
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, the other thing I would add just in terms of their ability to upside as they get closer to the holiday period, it will vary by product, but typically our manufacturing cycle times -- not lead times necessarily, but manufacturing cycle time 0-- will run probably 10 to 12 weeks on up to 16 weeks for the more advanced products.  But we also try to anticipate where we might have call it, customer upside potential, and get appropriately positioned from an inventory standpoint. For example, high-performance analog, we've talked previously about die bank strategy and things like that, that allow us to shorten the ultimate lead time and our ability to respond to customer demand. So areas like that is where we will try to continue to position inventory to be able to be flexible to those customer upside requests. Did you have a follow-on, Chris?
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings: Yes, just as a follow-on to that, could you talk about what you expect in terms of linearity? Maybe you could talk to both revenue from the orders that you do see already, as well as when you expect to see the stronger bookings for the holiday season? In other words, when customers want shipments to ship for the holidays, does it typically come in the August/September timeframe?
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, from a revenue standpoint, I won't describe our expectations for linearity, but just historically, third quarter has run similar to most other quarters, where the last month in the quarter is the strongest from a revenue or from a shipping standpoint. Certainly, that makes sense in the case of third quarter because September is when we're shipping product that customers will be putting into their own lines for holiday-related sales. From an order standpoint, what I can just say is we probably have lead times that range anywhere from in general, eight weeks to 16 weeks. So that would give you a feel for when they need to be putting backlog in place to support holiday shipments. Chris, thank you. Let's move to the next caller, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Danely from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Thanks, guys. Did the internal utilization rates change much in the quarter? Where do you expect those to go going forward?
Kevin March: Chris, we haven't been breaking out or publicly describing our internal utilization rates for some time now. But I would just say that we continue to use foundries for advanced lithography, and we do that because our internal advanced lithography utilization rates are very, very high. In fact, essentially fully-loaded.  In our other areas, we have some areas where we're very highly utilized and some areas where we're not as highly utilized that we still have open capacity to support our revenue growth plans.
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, we don't give the absolute number, but sequentially utilization was up in second quarter versus first quarter.
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Okay, great. Where can we expect margins to trend over the next couple of quarters? Any chance of throwing out some sort of new peak gross margin number?
Kevin March: Well, we appreciate the opportunity to throw out a new one, but I think that we'll forego that one at the moment. We have been pretty disciplined in trying to forecast just our revenue line and our earnings per share line and not the lines in between. But I would remind you of a few things that you could take a look at and expect as you look at both our gross and our operating margins as we move into the future.  One, of course, is the year-over-year depreciation decline that we've been talking about already, that we have from the last year into this year. The other, and perhaps very important, is the mix change that we're beginning to see over time. As we get move of our revenue coming out of the high-performance analog and DLP space, for example, that helps to increase the overall mix of our margins.  The other is, as I mentioned, we continue to have capacity and investing capacity, and that allows us to go off and grow revenue with some nice fall-through on that. So we've got a few things that continue to give us quite a bit of comfort that we can continue to improve our margins in good markets over time.  I would just remind you that one other headwind that we've got for 2006 versus 2005, for example, is in 2006, we'll have a full year worth of stock option expensing, where in 2005 we only had a half-year worth of stock option expensing.
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Got it. Did you guys give out the sell-in versus sell-through?
Ron Slaymaker: You mean specific numbers?
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Just relatively, yes.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, well, from a relative standpoint, what I can say is that re-sales grew at about the same rate as TI's overall semiconductor growth rate, while our revenue growth from shipments into distributors was less than that rate. So, re-sales up more than shipments into distribution.
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Chris. Next caller, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Hi, guys. Thanks, so much. A couple quick questions. Just going all the way back to Cody's question. Specific to the wireless business, I think it's some of the other wireless customers that have guided down or said that they were going to proactively take inventory, whether it's their own or their channel inventories down.  Kevin's comments seem to suggest that you guys just don't think that's going to be necessary. I mean, do you think there will be a period when your inventories have to come down? I mean, the reason I ask is because you made it seem like your business is less cyclical this time. Were you implying that?
Kevin March: No, Jim, I didn't forecast what direction inventory was going. I think the way I answered that is our inventory will change in accordance with our outlook for revenue. So to the extent that we expect that revenue growth, we will grow inventory to support it; and if we expect revenue to decline, then we'll adjust inventory accordingly.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Sure. But relative to the point: some of your competitors, again, specific to wireless, are taking a more proactive approach to bringing that inventory down either on the channel or on their own balance sheet. But you rightly suggested that there's a lot of things going on in your business that isn't going to cause that to happen or may not cause that to happen.
Kevin March: I'm not quite sure I suggested that. I think what I pointed out was that we actually have other things besides wireless in our business. We have high-performance analog. We have DLP. We have an assortment of other markets that we sell into, some of which are going to be growing, and some of which may not be growing as fast. That's independent of what wireless may or may not be doing.  I would also remind you that coming into this quarter, we had revenue growth and inventory growth to support it for the calculator business that we have. That, of course, will have a bearing on our revenue outlook both in third quarter and fourth quarter and how we match our inventories up to support that, just as an example.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's helpful. Is it too early to start thinking about or make incremental comments on 2007 CapEx? You guys have done a great job of keeping the CapEx at very, very low levels.
Kevin March: Yes, we are still in the early stages of our planning on that, so we don't have anything to really give you some color on that just yet, Jim.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Okay. No reason to believe, though, it would deviate from the strategy of pretty low capital intensity, given the kind of combined outsource, in-house manufacturing strategy?
Kevin March: Right. As we take a look at the how the overall foundry market is shaping up and what capacity looks like out there, it certainly supports that view.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Terrific, thanks.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Jim. Next caller, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Luke from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. So just to clarify, Ron, you were saying that you were shipping into the channel less than what's being shipped out in the second quarter. Should we expect that to continue in the third quarter?
Ron Slaymaker: Let me not set any expectations for third quarter. What I said was that, certainly, out of the channel, re-sales grew at about the same rate as TI's overall semiconductor growth rate, while our revenue growth from shipments into the channel was less than that.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: And with respect to inventory in the channel, any color there would be helpful.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, distributors are currently carrying less than eight weeks of inventory. Their turns are in the range of six to seven, although inside that range over the last quarter, turns actually have gone up a little bit. So, again, we think distributor inventory is probably if anything, lean certainly, versus excessive. But, generally, that that's where the distributors want to be carrying it, and we agree with them. So we think the distribution channel looks very healthy today from an inventory perspective.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Great. Ron, with respect to the wireless, up 4, is your infrastructure associated with wireless included in that number or does that strictly relate to the handset business? As part of that, I was just trying to frame within wireless, if it is included in wireless when you describe it, how much is wireless infrastructure roughly?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Yes, it does include infrastructure. Infrastructure first half of this year is about 6% of our total wireless revenue. If you look at the sequential infrastructure trend, it was up 4%, which is the same rates as the overall wireless, so it didn't really change the numbers much. Same thing year on year. Overall wireless is up 27%. Infrastructure was up 30%. So it didn't have a big impact on numbers either way.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Lastly, if I may, just on DLP outlook. Looked like it was pretty healthy this quarter. Given some of the noise in some areas of consumer, could you give us your sense of how it looks, looking into the second half?
Ron Slaymaker: Again, we don't specifically break out our outlook. If you look at the television market, television market probably peaks out in fourth quarter for big-screen TVs. Certainly, we have to be selling into that channel. There's probably a 12-week pipeline between our sale of a DLP chipset and the ultimate consumer purchase, plus whatever our customer might want in terms of inventory. But that should give you some perspective of seasonality there.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Tim. Next caller, please.
Operator: The next question comes from David Wong from A.G. Edwards. Please go ahead.
David Wong - A.G. Edwards: Thank you very much. Can you tell us a little bit about your 3G business? Roughly what percentage 3G is as a percentage of all the wireless? Is the profitability for 3G higher than the rest of wireless?
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. As a percentage of revenue, I would say first half of this year, it probably represents about one-third of our wireless revenue. If you compare that to 2005, I think in 2005 3G represented about 25% of our wireless revenue. So, certainly, as it continues to grow faster than the market overall, as well as the rest of our wireless revenue, we're benefiting and you're seeing that show itself in the numbers.  In terms of profitability, we don't break out profitability by various business or product lines within those business. So I'll have to leave that one alone. Did you have a follow-on, David?
David Wong - A.G. Edwards: Yes. We've talked a lot about wireless, and I think everyone's concluding from your comments -- at least your dealers -- that the wireless markets are in good shape. Can you give us a very quick rundown of the other end markets that you play into? Are there any end markets you're seeing that are weakening?
Ron Slaymaker: I couldn't understand you completely, David. Is that an inventory question or is that an overall demand?
David Wong - A.G. Edwards: It's a demand question.
Ron Slaymaker: There's nothing that jumps out at us. When we look at general growth trends second quarter versus first quarter, growth was broad-based across various major product lines. There weren't even really any major outliers to our expectations. Probably, I think in the PC market, that one is pretty well understood that that is an area that has weakened and is running weak. But outside of that space specifically, if we look at what DLP and other products tell us about consumer seems pretty solid.  If we look at broadband, our broadband revenue grew 4% sequentially, 40% up from year-ago. So that space, especially the residential gateway piece of it, seems like it's doing well. The PC peripheral markets seem to be holding well. What we see inside businesses, like high-performance analog and how they read on the industrial space, certainly, I would characterize that as strong as well. So certainly, nothing outside of the PC market that I would characterize as weak or weakening. At the same time, things generally running in the quarter as we had expected for second quarter.
David Wong - A.G. Edwards: Great. Thank you very much.
Ron Slaymaker: All right. Thank you. And let's move on to the next caller, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Dan Jenkins from State of Wisconsin Investment Board. Please go ahead.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Good evening. I was looking at the balance sheet and your cash flow statement and obviously the cash balance is up significantly, in part due to the sale of Sensors & Controls. Your debt you're down to a $42 million piece that matures next spring. What's the plan for your cash and your capitalization going forward?
Kevin March: Dan, you've seen us actually have several fairly large stock repurchase announcements over the last year-and-a-half or so, plus a couple of dividend increases over the last year-and-a-half or 20 months or so. I think you'll probably see more of that or expect more of that in the future, as long as we continue to generate cash the way we are.  We continue to, of course, invest it internally in the form of both our R&D as well as to the extent that we need to build our capital plan for footprints internally; but to the extent that we generate cash beyond those needs, we have been looking at our dividend structure. As I mentioned, we raised it twice in the past 18 months or so.  We've also been increasing our repurchases. We presently have about $3.3 billion of repurchase authorization remaining. That will allow us to, certainly, be tapping into some of that cash over the foreseeable quarters.  Beyond that, there's not a whole lot more for me to add in the way of color on that.
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow-on, Dan?
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Sure. In the DLP market, a number of the LCD makers talked about that they saw some glut in the LCD TV market, that maybe demand wasn't quite as strong following World Cup and so forth. I was just wondering, are you seeing that same sort of oversupply or inventory channel in the big screens?
Ron Slaymaker: Actually, Dan, we're not. Our DLP inventory levels, to the best we can call them all the way through their channels looks very healthy. So we're not aware of, either on the TV side or on the front projector side, any inventory issues in the DLP space.  The one thing I might just contrast a little bit is with DLP we're really focused on big screen, so greater than 40-inch televisions. Even though LCD is starting to reach up into that space, most of the LCD TVs are still what I would call smaller screen sizes. So, that could partially explain why there's some different dynamics between what those manufacturers would be seeing as well as versus what we're seeing with DLP.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Dan. Next caller, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael McConnell from Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you. Ron, I know it's a little bit early, but Im still going to ask the question. With respect to Q4, on the outlook on wireless is there any concern internally that we could be looking at a little bit of a hangover in Q4, or maybe some more acute seasonality?
Ron Slaymaker: Mike, you're right, it is too early. We're not going to address that, although there's always that risk. Part of it just depends on in Q3 customers will be better fine-tuning their expected demand for the Q4 holiday. That risk is always there. We don't comment at this point on the quarter. But I would say it's not anything we're specifically focused on at this point. We're focused on meeting customer demand for Q3.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. Fair enough.
Ron Slaymaker: At the same time, certainly given what's going on with the manufacturing cycle time, we have our early views of Q4, but we just don't make those public at this point.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Sure, understood. With respect to DRP, if we look at that ramping, you said that's going to be ramping here in the second half of the year into next year; could you remind us what the incremental dollar content is that you capture within that single chip?
Ron Slaymaker: It will vary somewhat based upon manufacturer. So, for example, if we're talking about a manufacturer that today TI only supplies the digital baseband, it certainly will be a more sizable content increase than if the customer is buying a full chipset from us.  I would say pretty much across the board, we will see incremental value in the form of the RF components. We provide relatively few RF components in our chipsets today. So, at a minimum, that will be incremental value. But, certainly, for those where we're not providing, for example, analog baseband, analog power management functions, it will be a bigger step. In general, depending upon the future set and such, that DRP-based single-chip solution will range probably from, call it $5 or so up to about $10 in ASP. So, again, there's going to be a range of ASP, depending upon the feature set that customer is buying. In some cases that will represent a sizable increase in content, in others it will be less so.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: But if we were to take an average, would it be fair to assume, $1, $2?
Ron Slaymaker: I'll let you make the assumptions on averages for us. That's trying to call the mix across various customers. We're not going to publicly do that. Okay, Mike, thank you, and let's move to the next caller, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Charlie Glavin from Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Charlie Glavin - Needham & Company: Thanks, guys. Maybe playing the counter to Jim Covello -- if I take a look at your mix, Ron, and the fact that you've had it flat, even as the high-performance analog has increased and still trying to work down or improve the on-time delivery, could we actually see inventories increase as we head into the back half of this year? But more importantly, maybe even longer term? It's been relatively flat over the last couple years, even as the mix has improved.  Secondly, are you fully resolved in terms of your back-end constraints? Is there still any work left to be done on that?
Kevin March: Charlie, let me go ahead and try that again there. One of the things that could structurally change our inventory over time goes back to the comment I made about some of the critical process lines that we have. We are going to be much more opportunistic at going ahead and building ahead as some of those process lines come open, rather than just leave that capacity idle. We're going to be more opportunistic about building ahead and using up that capacity on those lines and carry more inventory, again, so as not to repeat the situation that we experienced this past year, when we were having a difficult time, as you mentioned, trying to keep up with our customer demands. Outside of that, from the back-end question, we continue to spend quite heavily in capital in the back end. To the most part, the equipment is in place, it's just a question now of processing all the product through it. We're continuing to add, but we aren't nearly in a situation like we had been for those last few quarters.
Charlie Glavin - Needham & Company: Kevin, to the reason for asking also on the back end is your mix has not only shifted in terms of product mix, but if I'm not mistaken, your WIP is actually more fungible in terms of getting it into finished goods.  So even though you said that you were increasing utilization of your front-end equipment, I'm not sure if you completed the analysis, but would average days actually stay relatively the same, even though maybe the percentage of WIP increases over time? Is that pretty much a direct function of, say, some of the die coming out, being able to go into anywhere from three to six different final good type of SKUs?
Kevin March: Yes, Charlie, that's a really insightful question there, and you're hitting right on the hard part of trying to compute this thing. That has to do with, as your mix changes for us, for high-performance analog, for example, which is quite high gross margins, the dollar cost of course of the inventory itself is less because the margins are higher. That does have an impact when you try to do the math on how many days or dollars of inventory you're going to compute. So it's very much mix-dependent. That's why you'll hear us say that we're quite comfortable with increasing our inventory levels, and we're not necessarily characterizing what that will translate into in absolute dollars, because it will be depending upon the mix and the timing and other things that are moving around inside our business from quarter to quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: But if you look at high-performance analog, call it pure play companies that are out there, they tend to run well over 67 days of inventory, in many cases up over 100 days of inventory.
Charlie Glavin - Needham & Company: Right.
Ron Slaymaker: So there is a high-performance analog model that says you carry inventory, you carried die bank in order to minimize lead times and provide flexibility. Certainly, the financials associated with the profitability associated with that marketplace, certainly justifies that kind of inventory model.
Charlie Glavin - Needham & Company: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Charlie. Next caller, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Allan Mishan from CIBC World Markets. Please go ahead.
Allan Mishan - CIBC World Markets: Hey, guys. Quick clarification. Is it a fair assumption that the royalties go back to the $100 million historical level here in September?
Kevin March: Allan, we aren't forecasting that amount of detail. I think what we're saying is that we think we've reached the bottom, in the $60 million to $70 million kind of range. We are signing on or re-signing licensees. We will include that in our guidance at the EPS level. To the extent that we wind up with something that is a royalty number that is outside the scope of our guidance, we'll of course call that out to you. But, specifically, we're not going to be forecasting that individually just yet.
Ron Slaymaker: But, Allan, also, moving back to 100 inside of the next quarter would be way too ambitious. It's going to take time for us to get through these various renegotiations. Our third quarter estimate, even though we don't think it will go down from second quarter level, will be closer to that second quarter level and the kind of number that you're throwing out, at least what we've assumed at this point. Okay, Allan, did you have a follow-up real quick?
Allan Mishan - CIBC World Markets: Yes, one follow-up. Are you seeing any big contribution at all from some of the periphery handset chips like GPS, Bluetooth, wireless LAN, mobile TV, any of those types of chips?
Ron Slaymaker: I think those are areas that we believe there's a great opportunity we're starting to see, but it's not sufficient that it's significantly moving the needle for us at this point. So, certainly 3G is a much bigger factor, as well as the whole low-end space.  At the same time, I don't want to minimize that. I mean, we are seeing growth rates that are, what I would characterize -- I'm trying to add a couple lines real quick -- probably 30% plus sequentially in those type of connectivity products. But, again, it's off a relatively low base versus our total wireless number overall. Okay. Thank you, Allan. Let's move to the next caller, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Edelstone from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon, guys. You guys had come into the quarter with some delinquencies in high performance analog. Can you just talk about where you exited relative to those delinquencies?
Kevin March: Yes, Mark, we didn't make the kind of progress in delinquencies that we had certainly set ourselves on plan to for the quarter, really just because orders remain quite strong for the quarter. So the kind of improvements that we would expect to have made, just simply were not made to our satisfaction during the quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: Yet at the same time, we brought on capacity to our plans. So, certainly that side of the expectations we fully met. The issue is just demand has continued to build on us in high-performance analog. Did you have a follow-on Mark?
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: I do. If I back out DLP and royalties from the other revenues, it looks like the balance of the business there grew double-digits sequentially. Can you confirm that? What were the drivers? Given that growth, is that really sustainable when you look at processors, controllers, ASICs, and standard logic?
Ron Slaymaker: Let me just go through some of the factors there. We already talked about DLP. You're backing out the royalties, both the one-time settlement as well as the license expirations. Standard logic grew at a 5% type of level. Microcontrollers grew at about that same level. RISC microprocessors grew over 30% sequentially. That's probably not a trend that we would expect to happen every quarter, but we certainly welcomed it in the second quarter. That probably covers most of that space, then.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: But what about ASICs, Ron?
Ron Slaymaker: ASIC is such a small -- it actually grew close to 10%, but that really is a very small part of our revenue, probably less than 2% of our revenue so I wouldn't overly weight that growth rate.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Can you just give a sense to what drove that 30% growth in the RISC processors, and what percentage of revenues does that represent today?
Ron Slaymaker: It is probably still in the 5%. I think if I look at 2005, RISC microprocessors were just under 5% of our revenue. Just looking at the numbers, it doesn't seem like it's changed significantly in first half. As you're aware, we have a specific customer that we manufacture SPARC processors for. So let me just leave my explanation at that.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, thank you, Mark. We probably have time for one last caller. So if we can move to that caller, please?
Operator: The last question comes from Joseph Osha from Merrill lynch. Please go ahead.
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Man, I must be living right.
Ron Slaymaker: You give yourself way too much credit.
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Thank you, thank you. As I look at depreciation here and I just think about the next two years; I know, Kevin, you've talked before about this business CapEx running maybe 10% of sales. I do the math and it looks to me like, assuming that everything's five-year straight line, that I ought to see depreciation go up by maybe $100 million a year in '07, '08, '09, until it catches up with CapEx. Is that a good way to think of it? And then I have a follow-up.
Kevin March: I think eventually that math plays out, Joe. We haven't really forecast, again, details for '07 just yet, but I think of the timing of our spend back in the early part of the 2000s, I don't think at present it would be safe to assume too much of a change in depreciation year-over-year between '06 and '07.
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Sure. But, you're disconnected by like, $400 million. That can't last. I'm just wondering when I start connecting the two?
Ron Slaymaker: Yes.
Kevin March: I think when you look out a little further in time, as you mentioned, '08, '09, sort of timeframes, then your math starts kicking into effect.
Ron Slaymaker: Joe, keep in mind in 2001, I believe it was, we spent $1.8 billion in capital, so we still will have the benefit. As we move into '07, we'll have the benefit of that rolling off the numbers, basically, in '06. So that's what will skew it somewhat yet.  You're right, when you look at the '06 depreciation versus CapEx. But go back to see what's rolling off from five years ago.
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: So maybe starting in '08 those kind of recoup?
Ron Slaymaker: That's probably closer.
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch:
Kevin March: We've used two methods, Joe, to get our extra cash back in the stockholders' hand. One has been in the form of dividend increases. If I recall correctly, I think we increased, albeit from a relatively small base, about 17% at the end of 2004, and about 20% about fourth quarter of last year. We've also been repurchasing shares significantly. In fact, in the last six quarters we have repurchased about $6.6 billion in shares.
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: But to be fair, the share count hasn't gone down by -- I was just doing the math. I mean, the share count's gone down, but not by that amount.
Kevin March: By about 233 million shares, yes.
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Right. So, some of that's options-related, and some of it's real buyback. That's why I raised the question. We should expect more of the same, then, in terms of relatively modest increases in the dividend, and then lots of buyback?
Kevin March: I think that you'll see us continue to do the sort of things you've seen in the past couple of years, Joe.
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks very much.
Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Joe. With that, we're going to wrap up the call. Let me remind you that the replay is available on our website. Thank, and you good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-19 05:30:00) =====
Executives:
Analysts: Adam Parker, Sanford Bernstein   Glen Yeung, Citigroup   Cody Acree, Stifel Nicolaus   James Covello, Goldman Sachs   Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse   Ambrish Srivastava, Harris Nesbitt   Chris Danely, JP Morgan   Tom Thornhill, UBS   David Wu, Global Crown Capital   John Lau, Jefferies and Company   Mark Edelstone, Morgan Stanley   Charlie Glavin, Needham & Company   Tim Luke, Lehman Brothers   Allan Mishan, CIBC World Markets   Chris Caso, FBR   Michael McConnell, Pacific Crest Securities   Tristan Gerra, Robert Baird   Jim Schneider, Wedbush Morgan Securities   Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch   Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities
Operator:
Operator's Instructions:
Ron Slaymaker, Vice President, Investor Relations: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our first quarter earnings conference call. Kevin March, TIs Chief Financial Officer is with me today. For any of you who missed the release you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the safe harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for June 8th. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. We will observe a quiet period beginning on June 1st until the update. In today's call, I'll review our highlights of revenue performance, and then Kevin will discuss profit performance and the second quarter outlook. We will keep our remarks short, saving time for us to respond to your questions. In this call all of our financial results will be described for continuing operations, including historical comparisons unless otherwise indicated. The Sensors and Controls business is reported as a discontinued operation, and we expect the sale of this business to close in the current quarter. To facilitate your modeling, we had included the historical information for the continuing operations by quarter for the year 2005 and by year through 2003 on our website. The first quarter TI revenue of $3.33 billion was about even with the fourth quarter and grew 23% from a year ago. This was in the upper part of our range of expectations. Semiconductor revenue was about even sequentially and was up 24% from a year ago. This was the third consecutive quarter of accelerated year-on-year growth for semiconductor. Educational and productivity solutions revenue grew 11% sequentially due to higher demand for scientific calculators and declined 10% from a year ago as instructional dealers shipped purchases closer to the second and third quarter on demand. Driving the semiconductor results was strong demand for DSP and analog. DSP revenue grew 4% sequentially due to demand for communications infrastructure products, including high density, Voice over IP and wireless base station products. Communications infrastructure revenue increased almost 50% sequentially and more than doubled from a year ago. Communications infrastructure is an area in which TI has been laying the groundwork for several years in terms of product development and design engagements. We are pleased to see these investments starting to generate significant returns. From a year ago, total DSP revenue increased 32% driven by demand in wireless. Analog revenue was even sequentially and increased 24% from a year ago due to high performance analog. The year-on-year comparison in total analog was negatively impacted by about 5 percentage points due to the divestiture of the commodity LCD driver product line in the first quarter of 2005. This LCD revenue was $39 million in the year ago quarter. High performance analog revenue increased 6% sequentially and increased 43% from a year ago. Turning to wireless, our results in the first quarter only further encourage us regarding this growth opportunity. Revenue from wireless products in the first quarter was even with the fourth quarter. Usually we would expect this revenue to seasonally decline in the first quarter. Revenue from wireless products grew 32% from a year ago. 3G cell phones continue to be a growing part of our wireless story, and our revenue here doubled from the year-ago quarter. This includes strong growth contributions from both OMAP applications processors as well as WCDMA modems. In fact, cumulative revenue from OMAP shipments into 3G handsets exceeds $1 billion. Finally, in DLP products, revenue declined seasonally 17% from the fourth quarter, consistent with our expectation in January. Revenue grew 29% from a year ago, reflecting growth in the markets that we are addressing, TI's market share gains, and the lack of excess inventory pressure this year. At this point I'll ask Kevin to review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon everyone. As Ron indicated, this is our first quarter reporting the Sensors and Controls segment as a discontinued operation. The benefit to the Company's gross margin is immediately evident. We are now a Company with gross margin above 50%, up 180 basis points from what we reported 90 days ago, when Sensors and Controls were still part of TI's continuing operations. TI's first quarter gross profit from continuing operations was $1.67 billion. Continuing operations posted a 30 basis points sequential gross margin increase in the quarter, not insignificant, considering that it was generated on flat revenue and in the face of seasonal pay and benefit increases. Although depreciation declined by $66 million sequentially, since depreciation is an inventoriable cost, only about a-third of the depreciation benefit moved through the income statement in the first quarter. The second quarter will see the full benefit of the lower depreciation level. Operating expenses increased by $57 million sequentially, reflecting a combination of seasonally higher pay and benefits, and increased product development, particularly in wireless and high performance analog as well as higher marketing expenses. TI's operating profit for the quarter was $718 million, or 21.5% of revenue. This includes stock-based compensation expense of $91 million, or 2.7% of revenue. Income from continuing operations was $542 million, or $0.33 per share. It might help if I summarize the first quarter earnings per share transition from the $0.38 from our continuing operations produced in the fourth quarter. EPS was reduced by about $0.02 due to higher operating expense in the quarter and by $1.03 due to a higher tax rate. I'll leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release. Let me just make a few comments. Cash flow from operations was $522 million in the quarter, and we ended the quarter with $3.66 billion in total cash. TI used $1.44 billion of cash during the quarter to repurchase 47 million shares of TI common stock. We also used $177 million of cash for our acquisition of Chipcon to help further boost our product portfolio and capabilities in high performance analog. Inventory of $1.25 billion at the end of the first quarter increased $61 million from the less than desired level of the fourth quarter. Days of inventory at the end of the first quarter were 67, up three days sequentially, and four days lower than a year ago. TI's orders in the first quarter were $3.60 billion, an increase of 3% sequentially. We continued to build backlog in the quarter with a semiconductor book-to-bill ratio at 1.05, the same as in the fourth quarter. Turning to our outlook for the second quarter, we currently expect total TI revenue from continuing operations to be in the range of 3.46 billion to 3.75 billion. Semiconductor revenue should be in the range of 3.29 billion to 3.56 billion, and educational and productivity solutions should be in the range of 170 to 190 million as retailers begin to stock calculators for the back-to-school period. Earnings per share from continuing operations are expected to be in the range of $0.38 to $0.43 in the second quarter. This estimate includes about $0.04 of stock-based compensation expense, or about $90 million. In summary, we're off to a good start this year. Demand was strong in the first quarter and we expect it to continue. We saw year-on-year growth in our established areas of strength, such as wireless, cell phone and high performance analog products. In addition, we saw some promising new areas such as communication infrastructure start to produce results. We believe the combination of TI's position in DSP and analog, and the inherent growth in the communications, entertainment electronics markets that these products address is unbeatable. As a result, TI should be able to continue to grow revenue and earnings at levels that will be above that of our semiconductor peer group in the years ahead. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker, Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Kevin. At this time, I'll ask the operator to open the lines up for your questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions please limit yourself to a single question. After our response we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator?
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q - Adam Parker: Can you guys talk at all about lead times and your inventory and distribution and that sort of balance? How much have things changed during the quarter, I know you were going to build some distribution inventory on the mid-quarter update, but maybe how much did you build, do you expect that to continue to build in the second quarter, and where are we with lead times, please?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Sure Adam, I will take a stab at it. First of all in lead times, I would describe lead times overall as generally stable with where we were 90 days ago. So, and as we've noted before, that is consistent with our goals. We are trying to move through the cycle with stable lead times and lead times that are short enough so that they remain within our customer's ability to plan. That way their ordering behavior stays well disciplined. In terms of distribution inventory, as we do with our own inventory, we were able to build some inventory in the distribution channels during the first quarter. And you'll recall that back at the end of fourth quarter, we were saying that those levels of inventory had moved to what we would say is historically and undesirably low levels and that in fact, it was our goal to build inventory. So we were able to build some inventory. At the same time I'll also say that distributor resale, or the sell-out of distribution, was strong in the quarter as well. So we had strong distribution environment in general, but at the same time we were able to build some inventory. I would characterize the inventory levels as, if you recall last quarter, or in January, we were describing fourth quarter turns as a little over seven. They moved down to a little below seven in the first quarter level.
Q - Adam Parker: And in terms of the delinquencies, are those from the backend last year, are those resolved at this point or are you still trying to catch up to those?
A - Kevin March: Adam, I'll go ahead and comment on that. On the delinquencies on the back end, we actually saw, if you take a look at our inventory growth, it was about $61 million on a quarter-over-quarter basis, and about three-quarters of that growth was in finished goods. And that's really the result of the backend clearing up and being able to repopulate our finished goods inventories so we can maintain those lead times that Ron was talking about a moment ago. We still probably have some pockets of areas that we'd like to see further improvement on but if I were to characterize it in general, I'd say we made good progress on clearing up some of the inventory shortage problems that we've been experiencing in the last couple of quarters.
Q - Adam Parker: Okay.
A- Ron Slaymaker: Thank you Adam. Let's move on to our next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you, your next question is from Mr. Glen Yeung with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Q - Glen Yeung: Thanks, good quarter. Just to follow up on the last question, can you give us any sense as to what you think inventories will do in the second quarter?
A - Kevin March: Yes, Glen, I think if you take a look at where we've got our inventories at today, and whether we were able to bring distributor inventories to, as Ron mentioned a moment ago. As we look out into the future, we would expect our inventory growth now to begin tracking much more consistently with our anticipated revenue growth. We don't feel the need to increase our overall revenue levels at the same level that we've had the last couple of quarters. So we are just tracking our future revenue expectations.
A- Ron Slaymaker: So generally we've moved out of the hole on inventory. And I would say that applies to distribution as well. Generally we would expect going forward that distributor inventory trends should probably start to track more so with resell growth trends than, again, coming out of the hole that we had to come out of from the end of the year.
Q - Glen Yeung: If you look at your inventories, and I think I'm characterizing this correctly, they're lower than they were in '04 but your revenues are actually higher than they were in '04 when you strip out the Sensors and Controls business. So when you think about the impact that Sensors and Controls had on managing inventory, how should we think about the future of inventories relative to  are they generally higher or generally lower than the year before?
A - Kevin March: I think if you take a look at the nature of Sensors and Controls business, how it worked from a profitability standpoint, it operated at gross profits of around mid-30s, for example, and so consequently you have more dollars in inventory on a relative basis, and so that would make your days look like they might be a little bit higher. I would just point out that the base that we've computed for you are on an apples-to-apples basis. So in other words, we're at 67 days right now in our continuing operations. On an apples-to-apples basis that's up three days from last quarter. That's down four days from a year ago quarter.
Q - Glen Yeung: That's actually very helpful. And just one last one, could you remind us what we should expect to see for DLP next quarter and just seasonally as we move throughout the course of the year?
A- Ron Slaymaker: Glen, we don't specifically break out our guidance in terms of various product areas so I won't be able to be that specific. I think if you  and I'll be honest, Glen. We don't have enough history with DLP in the various spaces, specifically television market, to fully understand what the seasonal trends would be. I think the television market in general, if you just look at TV sales and what those customers do, they tend to trend down in first quarter, and then second quarter tends also it could be low just due to them clearing out models in expectation of new model introductions in the second half of the year. But at the same time, I'll also tell you, TVs represent 25% of our DLP revenue. The projector market, which is 70% of that revenue is going to have a different seasonal profile, both of which tend to be seasonally weak in first quarter, but as to the remainder quarters of the year I don't have a lot of specific numbers for you, Glen.
Q - Glen Yeung: Okay, thanks a lot.
A- Ron Slaymaker: Thank you. Let's move to the next caller, please.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Cody Acree with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Q - Cody Acree: Thanks. Congrats guys on a good quarters. Going back to the inventory just a bit, you talked about the DSP inventories. Ron, do you have any comments on what's going on in the OEM channel?
A- Ron Slaymaker: To our knowledge, Cody, OEM inventories are generally clean. We think things are in good shape overall. We're not aware of inventory excesses. Certainly those customers where we have direct visibility, such as big handset OEMs, where we're on just in time or hub-type programs, we know inventory is clean. At the same time, we'll have to say outside of those customers we certainly have less direct visibility into their inventory, but we're not aware of any excesses that are out there.
Q - Cody Acree: Any quantification on the first quarter impact of that, whatever that bill that happened in the DSP channel, maybe in some of the OEMs, on revenue?
A- Ron Slaymaker: I'm sorry, I don't understand what you're --
Q - Cody Acree: You got a little bit of a benefit from shipping more into the channel than went out. Do you have any idea what the kind of net impact on the first quarter revenue would have been?
A- Ron Slaymaker: Yeah, I don't have that quantified. And frankly, if you look at the benefit associated with inventory build in the current quarter, you also have to look at the corresponding impact of inventory correction that was going on in any comparison period, and I'll remind you that in every quarter of 2005, we saw inventory reduction taking place in distribution.
Q - Cody Acree: Okay great. And if I may, with the change in the depreciation schedule, greater percentage of foundries, higher analog, higher DLP, maybe Kevin, you can comment on this, what's a structural gross margin target we should be looking at, or at least maybe a fully utilized structural gross margin peak to look at?
A - Kevin March: Well Cody, I think we just closed the quarter at about 50.1% gross margin at the Company level. And we still got a bit more headroom in front of us if you take a look at what's happened. Of course, we've sold the Sensors and Controls; we're in the process of selling the Sensors and Controls business. That gives us 150 basis points lift over what you historically saw. The total lift we'll get on depreciation, both from the change and just the natural roll off that we experience anyway from older equipment, should give us about another 250 basis points. And then as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we saw less than a third of that lift occur in the first quarter, so we'll see the rest of that occur in the fourth quarter. Just because depreciation has to go through inventory first before it finally makes its way to the income statement. And then beyond that we continue to have open capacity in various areas. Incremental revenue can fall through at a fairly good rate, so there is some additional lift inside that, now we just caution, there's a little bit of offset on that. In 2005 we began stock option expensing, and they only expensed during the second half of the year. This year expense for the full year and so that will be a little bit of drag on some of that, but overall we should begin to see several points of lift in our operating results as we progress through the year.
Q - Cody Acree: Great, thanks guys.
A- Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Cody. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you, your next question is coming from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Q - James Covello: Good afternoon. Thanks so much, question on the handset side. Given the better than expected seasonal trends in calendar Q1, how do you expect seasonality to play out in handset, or your handset business for the rest of the year?
A- Ron Slaymaker: Jim, I don't know that -- I think it's probably too early to tell whether there's any take-away from -- or message in general that we take from first quarter as it applies to the future quarters. So we're generally approaching the rest of the year as if it would be a relatively normal year in terms of seasonal trends but time will tell on that one.
Q - James Covello: Okay, terrific. And then I apologize for going back one more time on the inventory question, but if we're down four days year-over-year, up a couple days quarter over quarter, this time last year we had too much. This time last quarter we had too little. So this is about right, you would expect the days to remain constant from here? Is that kind of the idea?
A - Kevin March: I wouldn't use days necessarily as gauge, but again we'll build -- what you will see us doing going forward is building our inventory consistent with outlook for revenue change in the future so that may go up or down depending upon our outlook for the following quarter revenues. I would also add with our gross margins increase, and I believe we're up about 4 points on a year-over-year basis, that also allows us to financially carry less inventory to support similar levels of revenue.
A- Ron Slaymaker: I think it's fair to say the inventory level that we finished first quarter is at a level that we're comfortable to support our expected demand from customers in second quarter. And where we take in the second quarter or third quarter will depend upon what we see in the following quarter from there.
Q - James Covello: Terrific, thank you so much.
A- Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Jim. Next caller please.
Operator: Thank you, your next question is coming from Michael Masdea with Credit Suisse.
Q - Michael Masdea: Thanks a lot. I think the biggest surprise to me was your 2Q guidance, and especially when we look at kind of a flattish order environment for semis and you are kind of plus 5% revenue guidance for semis. Help us understand what's going on, gives that you kind of comfort, especially if we have a situation in 1Q where you had potentially, not overshipped but shipped in to build a little inventory into the distribution channel?
A- Ron Slaymaker: Jim, I think if you just look at, start by looking at what drove the demand strength in first quarter. I'll just move through a couple of areas. First of all, look at handsets. Both ends of the handset market, starting with 3G, our revenue being up 2X from year-ago levels. Generally we, I think a lot of the analysts that cover that space, Michael, expect that 3G handset units will double this year. And, it's not that we're coming off of the small base, I mean again, we have more than $1 billion worth of 3G revenue last year. Another area that I will mention for strength is the low end of the market. That is driving a lot of subscriber growth in areas like China, India, Brazil, Russia, some of these more emerging markets. The 2.5G chipset that we sell into that space, if you look at year-on-year growth, that was up almost 50%. Communications infrastructure we talked about. Wireless base stations, VoIP type of products where revenue more than doubled. High performance analog with revenue up 43%. This is strength in a lot of different diverse areas that, frankly, we think its carry forward into second quarter. And if you look at our backlog expansion, you see our backlog expanded in first quarter, very consistent with the revenue guidance that we're giving for second quarter. So this isn't hoping for demand to come, these are orders that we have on the books going into the quarter.
Q - Michael Masdea: Okay, I guess the other question as we're getting to this green lead-free Euro stuff. Is there any impact that you're seeing on the supply chain or any kind of impact on order mentality?
A - Kevin March: Hey Michael, we've been working the whole lead-free conversion now for probably 18 months, and have been making very good progress on it. I believe the cutover date, I think is this July if I recall. We are not seeing any indications just yet, or there's any kind of problem on that conversion with our customers or with our ability to support the conversion. We're carrying a careful mix, we've changed our part number nomenclature so that we can separate out what's going on. We've got it separated in our inventory billings and so on, so it seems to be going quite smoothly from our view.
Q - Michael Masdea: Great, thanks a lot.
A- Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Michael. Next caller please.
Operator: And your next question is coming from Ambrish Srivastava with Harris Nesbitt. Please go ahead.
Q - Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thanks. Just a question on capacity. I know last couple of quarters you guys have been adding incremental capacity on the back end. Are we done with that? Do you feel that you have enough capacity to support demand? And then I have a follow-up, Ron.
A - Kevin March: Yeah, Amrish, on the capacity, we actually spent, I believe it was about $408 million in capital expenditures in the fourth quarter, and that was really, the backend, a large part of that was backend equipment that we ordered in the fourth quarter and spent in the first quarter. Excuse me, I think I said first quarter. So we were able to put a lot of backend capacity in place. This is about we're continuing to invest in our leaving the topographies are 90 and are 65 and 45 nanometer nodes. I would say to you that we're feeling like our ability to clear our backend delinquencies has improved substantially. There are still pockets of areas that we'd like to feel better about, but compared to where we've been the last couple of quarters, I would say that in general, most of that is now behind us, and we'll just to have work these smaller pocket areas going forward.
Q - Ambrish Srivastava: Okay.
A- Ron Slaymaker: Follow-up, Ambrish?
Q - Ambrish Srivastava: Yeah, and thanks for the explanation, because the last couple of quarters, we had a lot of explaining to do both on the stock  on your commentary and the results. Follow-up was on the emerging handset side, you guys seem to have a disproportionately higher share versus your competitors. What's your sense of how big the low-end handsets would be this year versus last year as a percent of your total wireless sales? Thanks.
A- Ron Slaymaker: Ambrish, I don't have that forecast for you, but what I would just point out is if you look at our customers in that space, listen to them, customers like Nokia, Motorola tend to talk very bullish about the growth and their growth prospects in that marketplace. And what I would say is, as they continue to succeed in that market, we will tend to do well, as well. So again, I don't have a specific number in terms of percent of revenue mix that we would expect but we expect good things out of that market space.
Q - Ambrish Srivastava: Is the single chip shipping in volume now, Ron?
A- Ron Slaymaker: It's not shipping in volume, but what I would say is look for handsets to be on the market in the second half of this year, so it's coming very soon.
Q - Ambrish Srivastava: Okay, thank you.
A- Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Ambrish. Next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you, your next question is coming from Mr. Chris Danely with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Q - Christopher Danely: Thanks guys. Just two quick clarifications. Kevin, when you add up all the levers on the gross margins, is it safe to say you think they can get to the mid-fifties by the end of the year?
A - Kevin March: Chris, I'm not going to be so bold as to spell out particular number. I do think there's couple of points of more headroom inside that. Just as we see the depreciation and sell-through as Ron and I mentioned, and incremental revenue just giving us a bit more headroom too. But not to overlook the fact, again we have to do stock option expensing for the whole year so that will put a little bit of a lid on that.
Q - Christopher Danely: Yeah, I guess I was talking about without the options expensing. And then as a follow-up on the lead times, now that you guys have those under control, is it your intent to bring them in or I guess just keep them where they are?
A - Kevin March: I think our lead times are where we want them. They're stable, and as I said before, they're well within our customers' window for planning. So I would say we're happy with where the lead times are currently.
Q - Christopher Danely: Okay. Thanks guys.
A- Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Chris. Next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you, your next question is coming from Tom Thornhill with UBS, please go ahead.
Q - Tom Thornhill: Yes, can we follow-up a little bit more on the low-end of the DRP product, how much of the mix do you expect to see that in the second half of the year, and what is the margin impact relative to your wireless margins as they exist today?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Tom, I don't, first on the margin part, I don't know that you would see a shift in wireless margins one way or the other as a result of us rolling out that particular product. I think its, it will be a contributor to revenue. It will allow us to further strengthen our position in the low-price market, both in terms of serving those customers as well as potentially new opportunities for customer engagements that come along because of that product. And profitability is good. So I'll just leave it at that. In terms of how quickly the market will transition over to it? I would say, the expectation would be that it will ramp pretty quickly, and customers that are currently on less integrated versions of that product will tend to roll over pretty quickly because, there are just tremendous power consumption advantages, form factor advantages, as well as cost advantages to those customers. So that segment of the market, the handset market, as you're well aware is highly competitive currently, and no customer wants to leave anything on the table in terms of potential profitability that they might be able to extract and our product is a good way for them to achieve their goals. Do you have a follow-on Tom?
Q - Tom Thornhill: I do. So you're confirming the DRP product should be operating and gross margin neutral? And one follow-up.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Let me just correct that. What I'm saying is I don't think you will see a significant change in our overall wireless profitability. I didn't make any specific comment about that specific product, so I will leave it at that. Go ahead.
Q - Tom Thornhill: The DRP technology, when should we expect to see the technology applied to higher end handsets?
A - Ron Slaymaker: It certainly our intention to move that technology all up and down the product line. So, for example, and I'm not going to put a time line on it, but you can very well expect that in the case of 3G, WCDMA handsets we will have caught more value-oriented handsets to allow 3G to have further reach into the market over the course of time, using our DRP technology. So step one, as you've seen us already, OMAP box which integrates the application processor with the base band, but we will take that also to a full single chip integration over time using our DRP technology.
Q - Tom Thornhill: Thank you.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thank you, Tom. Next caller, please.
Operator: Your next question is coming from David Wu with Global Crown Capital. Please go ahead.
Q - David Wu: Yes. Can you talk a little bit about the infrastructure side of the house based on just the base band and voice over IP. As I recall, Ron, those are fairly small product categories. And maybe you could comment about your overall profitability of the old broadband business that's now part of the DSP group?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, David. I'll take the first one, and I'll let Kevin take the second one. You've heard us talk about them, you know, for example, the base station revenue, just the wireless base station, not the VoIP infrastructure, we've said it's run about 5% or so of our wireless business, but that wireless business has grown pretty significantly over the course of time. So, what I would say is that communications infrastructure runs on an annual basis run rate of several hundred million dollars annualized. So it's not such a small business, especially for one that's at least first quarter trend, doubled year on year. So I would say it's a big business that's growing very fast, or an intermediate size business, anyway. Kevin?
A - Kevin March: Yeah, David. On the broadband business, as you have painfully remained me, that was not a very attractive financial picture for a few years there, and we did take some action to go ahead and try to improve upon the financial results that operation could deliver to the company, and we refocused it, just a reminder to everybody, on what we characterized as the residential gateway side of the technology application there. That's really where we can marry together our DSL and wireless LAN technologies into a single solution for a customer, or we can marry together our cable and VoIP technologies into a single solution for a customer. We have reorganized. We've gained a lot of traction in that area. I won't characterize the actual profitability results but I will tell you as we have been pleasantly surprised that it's progressed in a positive fashion more rapidly than we expected.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Okay David, thank you for your questions. Lets move to the next caller.
Operator: Thank you, your next question is coming from John Lau with Jefferies and Company. Please go ahead.
Q - John Lau: Hi, Ron.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Hi John Lau.
Q - John Lau: How are you? I know there were a lot of intense interest and focus on the inventory. But I wanted to get your comments. As we lack at the inventory trends over the past 10 to 15 years the channel is getting leaner with hub and supply chain management The semiconductor companies like TI, the inventory has moved from like maybe the mid 50s to almost 68, 70 days. Is that the new level of responsible inventory longer term that we should be looking at for TI?
A - Kevin March: John, I'll go ahead and try answering that, then Ron can add some color if he's got some ideas that I missed on this. I think that generally speaking, the evidence of the last few years would support that thesis that you just put out there, and that is the staging of inventory is moving more into the semiconductor companies, especially diversified companies such as TI where we carry many different kinds of products. I think the other thing that makes TI a little bit different from just a broad statement like, is that we are changing the nature of our product portfolio, as you know, where we're expanding our high performance analog portfolio much more rapidly than we have in the past. And the nature of that market historically and still today has been that generally you have many, many customers who order relatively small quantities. They tend not to inventory the product themselves, and so they expect you to have that inventory on hand. So that's a second factor in the case of TI that you will see kind of driving up our overall inventory levels over time versus what you might have seen 10 or 15 years ago.
A - Ron Slaymaker: And I would just add, John, I think we welcome the change because it enables a much more responsive supply chain, that as in demand changes, instead of having lots of buckets for inventory to build up, having more of it concentrated at the source of the manufacturer allows us to, and the entire supply chain to be much more responsive to that customer demand. So we think it's a good trend change. Do you have a follow-up John?
Q - John Lau: Yes, I did. There was a previous question with regards to ASP trends and I don't recall your response to that.
A - Ron Slaymaker: I don't recall the question so I might have missed it. In general I would say most areas ASP do the normal trend that they always do. Usually that's a question on the pricing applies to commodity. What I would say is our commodity pricing moved up a little bit. First quarter compared to fourth quarter. You know, in general I wouldn't set expectations that you will see a lot of revenue trending because of price changes in that market. You will recall if you go back 2004, we didn't like the financial results that our commodity business was generating. We took action to address pricing in areas especially that were below our profit model for that business. And generally we have it to the point, that business to the point where it's contributing at profit levels that we think are appropriate for that business. So, and specifically averaging up the Company's financials. So, again, revenue growth from here I would say will generally tend to track with the unit volume as opposed to further price adjustments. Thank you, John. Lets move on to the next caller.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Mark Edelstone with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Q - Mark Edelstone: Thanks a lot guys. Nice quarter. Kevin, I had a question on gross margins in the semiconductor business, from a high level the gross margin percentage there is fairly flat quarter to quarter despite the decline in depreciation and what I would think would be a relatively higher utilization rate overall given all the issues we've kind of talked about before. So can you talk about the mix or the issues that caused that to be the case and did not actually get slightly better gross margin percentage even on the flat revenues, which I certainly recognize.
A - Kevin March: Yeah, Mark. What you've really got going on there is from fourth quarter to first quarter is pay and benefits increases. On an annual basis, we go through all of our pay and benefits reassessment as in the first quarter when we apply the changes to those programs and generally those changes as specifically where it generally increases. And that's what we've experienced since we've come from 4Q into 1Q and of course that is a potential job of offsetting the depreciation movement if you look it and then proceed from there. Also recall the depreciation lift that we got in first quarter was probably on the order of less than a third of the total depreciation decline that we saw quarter-over-quarter. So depreciation was down about $66 million for the company quarter-over-quarter. A little less than a third of actually has made its way to the P&L so far, so the rest of that will come through starting in the second quarter.
Q - Mark Edelstone: Right understood. Just two clarifications there. The first one is, the increase in the pay and benefits, is that a couple of points then, that we're looking at the kind of hits Q1 and then sort of normalizes as we go through the rest of the year?
A - Kevin March: Mark, it's a little bit more complex now because in the fourth quarter you have two big vacation periods in the form of Thanksgiving and Christmas. And so you have people taking vacations that will reduce your total payroll cost during the quarter, and then you have a little bit of a boomerang effect in the first quarter where you don't have the vacations, plus you have the pay and benefits increases. So it's a little harder to get to an answer that you're trying to get to. I think that the depreciation and pay and benefits increases were pretty close to neutralizing each other coming through this quarter and we'll start seeing the depreciation really giving us the lift going forward.
Q - Mark Edelstone: The follow-up there then is if you look at Q2 for the semiconductor business or the company, well I guess actually just specifically on semiconductors and if we exclude the impact from the depreciation benefit that you're going to get, is there an opportunity here to still see gross margins improve either through better fixed cost absorption or through mix, and if so, are we talking about a minor improvement, or is it something that could be fairly substantive over the second quarter?
A - Kevin March: I think that we could probably anticipate, again, we don't break out forecasts at that level, but conceptually speaking, I think we'll see the continued kind of step function increases that we've seen for quite a few quarters in a row. And that is at HPA and DLP and so on become a bigger portion of the mix, they tend to average that up, and to the point that you made, Mark, on just absorbing any of the capacity, that falls through fairly nicely. So those sort of things will continue to increment us up. The pace of increment I won't comment on that now I think --
A - Ron Slaymaker: Hey Mark, one thing I want to circle back on, you made -- in your opening comment, you made a comment about higher utilization being an assumption. Our utilization increased what I would just characterize as just very slightly, first quarter compared to fourth quarter, and even though inventory built, and you'll notice amongst the inventory mix, a lot of what happened was, what was with in the fourth quarter as we removed assembly test bottlenecks moved in to finished goods in the first quarter, but just in terms of utilization, wafer starts, etc., there wasn't a significant change from the fourth quarter level. Okay, Mark. Thank you. And let's move to the next caller.
Operator: Thank you, your next question is coming from Charlie Glavin with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Q - Charlie Glavin: Thanks. Kevin, just an observation. I think from the time you guys bought the analog business, the amount of inventory held by the OEM is in two channels come down from I think it's 87% down to 62. So given the fact that your days are below 70 seems to be a pretty big positive. But two questions on that. One is a point of clarification. Will you be holding more width going forward as a percentage of the total, and second of all, just in terms of the clarification, as far as the amount of depreciation as far as the pass-through as it goes through the P&L, at one point I thought you said it would all hit in Q2. I think you just said it would start to hit in Q2. If we're going to still hold to the 1.03 depreciation, then the stuff on your website doesn't really go back far enough to do a full depreciation scale, taking up the sensors business, so could you give a little more clarification also in terms of how the pace or the pattern of depreciation will be for the remainder of the year.
A - Kevin March: Okay Charlie, I am going to try to remember those two questions and I hope I will get a answer to you. I believe your first part was, do you expect whip levels to change in the future or be consistent with what we're seeing right now. And unfortunately I'm going to give you probably -- somewhat unsatisfying answer, and that is those levels will be consist -- there will be a function really of what we expect a following period or following quarter's revenues might be. In periods when we expect wireless to perhaps or other leading edge products to be ramping up in revenue, because of the manufacturing cycle time there, you can expect with those as a percentage of our total will probably increase a bit, in periods where you expect that to come down, we might see a bit of compression on that, so there's going to be a little seasonality based upon our revenue outlook, on what those as a percent of our total will wind up being over time. On the depreciation pattern, sorry if I confused you on my earlier remarks, let me try to be a little clearer. Of the 66 million that we saw in depreciation decline from the fourth quarter to first, all that depreciation has to pass through inventory first, then as we sell the inventory, it passes on to the income statement. So because we're carrying about 67 days of inventory, you can figure from that thats probably somewhere around 30% or so of our inventory that absorbed depreciation reduction in the first quarter actually made it on to the income statement. The remainder, that Delta of the 67 will be a benefit in the second quarter. That's would I was trying to clarify there. And then as we look out through the balance of the year, what the pattern of our depreciation will look like, in order to hit that $1.03 billion depreciation number that we have identified as what we think our annual depreciation will be, you can expect that our quarterly depreciation will decline fairly slowly over each of the quarters of 2006, and a reason goes back again to the capital expenditures we made in 2000, especially in 2001. Recall that was a big capital expenditure year for us. We spent about 1.8 billion that year. And the equipment depreciates over a five-year period, so that equipment that was spent back then will continue to roll off on depreciation as we go through this year, so you'll see depreciation tail down relatively gently through the year, so that we expect about a 1.03 billion depreciation for the year.
Q - Charlie Glavin: Kevin, just, if I could, if you could add on to the website a little more detail as far as going back, so those of us who have a full depreciation scale are going back in time, there's not quite enough difference to make up the delta, it's just enough to kind of give a bit of a swing, by 10, 20 million. So if you could add a little more detail on that website that would be great. The question I wanted to ask in terms of the whip is, the more that you guys have gone into the analog and including some of your wireless chips, a little bit more frangibility in terms of a whip unit going into anywhere from two to six different peer skews. The real question was, are you seeing that more going forward, or have you kind of reached a bit of a limit?
A - Kevin March: Okay, I think I understand your point, Charlie. You're exactly right. The same  there are several different product packages, and so thats why we bank inventory today than what we ever did historically and we will continue to probably see that phenomenon increase in the future rather than decrease as we produce more package alternatives for given that configuration.
Q - Charlie Glavin: Okay. Thanks guys.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Thank you Charlie, meet you in the next call.
Operator: And your next question is coming from Tim Luke with Lehman Brothers, please go ahead.
Q - Tim Luke: Thanks. Congratulations on the quarter. Ron, I was wondering, as a percentage of your wireless mix, how is OMAP like it just develop as you move through the year? Should it remain fairly similar, or should it move to a greater percentage of the mix going forward? Thanks.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Tim, I don't know that I have a specific forecast there. You're going to see probably more diversity in terms of the 3G handset market. And what I mean by that is, you know, if you look over the last couple of years, 3G has been at the very high end, and therefore a very high percentage of those handsets used a discrete or application processor, fortunately for us most of those being OMAP. As to 3G market grows, you will have it move into -- even though 3G by definition is a higher end segment of the market you will have more value oriented handsets that likely will not have a standalone application processor. And so because of the -- I think you'll see from our OMAP revenue trend will be growth, but as a percentage of the total, I'm not sure I want to try to forecast that specifically. Did you have follow-on, Tim?
Q - Tim Luke: Actually, I was just wondering if you could provide any incremental color on the time lines associated with the ramp of 65 and generally of 45 as well, any updates that would be helpful.
A - Ron Slaymaker: 65, we are continuing to ramp it. Let me back up if I can, first of all to 90 nanometer.
Q - Tim Luke: Yeah.
A - Ron Slaymaker: I think we said at the end of the year that we had shipped something like 150 million units in 90 nanometer. That number is now in excess of 230 million units at the end of first quarter. So that will give you a feel for what that ramp looks like in that one quarter. We increased our team volume by 50%. So we're in the very steep part of the ramp on 90 nanometer. 65 nanometer you recall we said in fourth quarter that we had qualified that process and were ramping into it production. That, in fact, is the case. But I would describe that in 2006, 90 nanometer is probably our workhorse but at the same time you will see 65 continue to ramp. 45 nanometer, as we noted in the release, that was significant part of our CapEx is going even today for 45 nanometer process equipment. I would characterize that as process development. R&D type work, et cetera, as opposed to any full production line that we're putting in place at 45 at this point.
Q - Tim Luke: Just to follow-up on an earlier question did you give -- you talked about lead times being where you want them. Did you quantify that at all?
A - Ron Slaymaker: No, because it will really vary based upon products. And some of the areas like high performance analog where we had dye banks in place, so we're willing to put in place more inventory there in order to keep lead times short. On custom products, you know, we'll tend to run lead times a little bit longer because -- for a specific customer sought, it will vary based upon product as well as process technology. Thank you Tim, Next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you and your next question is coming from Allan Mishan with CIBC World Markets. Please go ahead.
Q - Allan Mishan: Hey guys. Sort of left field question. Can you tell us what your Bluetooth shipments did this quarter and what you think your market share is at this point?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Allan, I don't have Bluetooth unit numbers, and I'm trying to recall the Bluetooth revenue. I think our  in general, if you look at our -- what we call connectivity, which is probably dominated by Bluetooth but it also includes Wi-Fi, I would describe that revenue as, oh, sequentially even with fourth quarter level, but up over more than double from a year ago. So you probably had some season effect fourth to first, but again we're on the kind of growth trend that we expect for that product line.
Q - Allan Mishan: Okay. And if I could look also into the com infrastructure trends that you talked about, within Voice over IP was that, gate ways, or was it more sort of the big infrastructure boxes, and then, you know, over on the wireless infrastructure side any sort of geographic comments you could make would be helpful.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Allan, I know its infrastructure. I don't know whether it's the Gateway box versus what you describe as kind of heavy metal infrastructure, but it wasn't -- it wasn't planned, but I guess that's the way I would plug an IP phone but I don't know the difference in terms of the mix between the other.
Q - Allan Mishan: Okay, thanks very much.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Thank you Allan. Let's move to our next caller.
Operator: The next question is coming from Chris Caso with FBR, please go ahead.
Q - Chris Caso: Hi thanks, I just going to follow on, on your comment on communication infrastructure business. And you talked about some very strong sequential growth, and it sound like it was led by base station and Voice over IP. Was the growth there pretty even between those segments and if you could maybe just give some color as to what was the catalyst to have the revenue up so much in this particular quarter.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Actually it was pretty even. Both of those I would say were comparable size, not exactly, but generally about the same size, and both had about the same sequential growth rate. So it really wasn't dominated by one or the other. In the case of base stations, we've been talking for some period of time that we have a very high market share in 3G base stations, and frankly it was much higher than what we traditionally had in the 2G era of wireless equipment. Now, since then we have gone back and backfilled but our position in terms of DSPs in 3G base stations is very, very strong. And what you're seeing are new deployments that are taking off in the case of WCDMA and kind of a range of 3G products that we're a beneficiary of. In the case of VoIP, that's a space where TI has held very strong market share on the order of 70% plus, and, what I can say is, it's really not because of additional share gains. It's because of our customers in that space are in the process of deploying product and shipping their own product. So we're benefiting not from anything that we did over the last six months. This is literally years worth of groundwork that we've laid that is finally coming to fruition. Did you have a follow-up, Chris?
Q - Chris Caso: Yes, sure. I wonder if you could just give some geographic commentary on what you've seen, and I know, seasonally, you see different performance out of some of the geographies. Anything you've seen in the quarter geographically that was different than what you'd see seasonally?
A - Ron Slaymaker: I know, for example, from an order standpoint, all four of our regions exceeded their forecast for the first quarter level. So I wouldn't point to any particular geographic region as driving the strength that we're seeing. I would say it's pretty well balanced across the world.
Q - Chris Caso: Okay. Great. Thank you.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Chris. Next caller, please.
Operator: Thank you and your next question is coming from Michael McConnell with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Q - Michael McConnell: Thanks. Hey, Ron. Wanted to talk a little bit about high performance analog. You've stated in the past that that's going to be one of the major, or if not the main organic driver this year for your gross margin expansion, so on that note, could you talk a little bit about Q1 what your resale and or sale-through grew quarter-over-quarter, then maybe touch on where we are today with the utilizations in the analog factories?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Oh, boy. Michael, I don't have the HBA specific resales like -- the only thing I could probably add incremental to what I said before was that, in fact, if you just look at sequential trends to resale, distributor resales to sell out, outpaced our overall semiconductor trends, which were flat. So there was what I would characterize as strong trends going on in terms of distributors in demand. You heard us say that our high performance analog revenue was up 6% sequentially, 43% year on year. Probably on the order of 70% of our high performance analog revenue moved through distribution, as you might imagine, for a catalog product like that. So I suspect you're not going to see a significant difference between the overall resale trends and what we saw  what we would have seen for high performance analog specifically.
Q - Michael McConnell: Okay. But then taking that to the gross margin line, may be it sounds like for now at least we can expect with S and C, divestiture there, then looking at obviously the lower depreciation, that's 400 bips, that should add incremental. If we continue to see the high performance analog share gains continue and then we start to see the factory utilizations increase, again, along the lines of a very strong wireless demand in Q2, potentially for the rest of the year from the emerging market, we can get even an excess potentially of that 400 basis points. Would that be a fair statement?
A - Kevin March: Michael, in theory, yes, but again, I would just alert you not to overlook the fact that we do have stock option expensing for the full year in 2006. We only had it for half a year in 2005, so that will put a little bit of a lid on that but your theory is exactly correct, and that's exactly how we're trying to grow. That's why your earlier remark about, Ron has made the comment where HPA becomes a real financial engine for the Company as time passes, directly because of that reason, and that is, as it becomes a bigger chunk of our overall revenues it does deliver a much higher gross profit margin overall.
A - Ron Slaymaker: And that's not a new trend. Right, I mean we've said for some period of time that high performance analog carries gross margin levels that are above the corporate average, if you look at its growth last year, it grew at about twice the pace of TI overall. If you look at what did it first quarter, that trend is continuing. So as high performance analog becomes a bigger part of our mix, it is definitely beneficial from a gross margin standpoint, and who knows how far that can go. Did you have follow-on, Michael?
Q - Michael McConnell: No, that was it.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Okay, thank you. Let's move to the next caller.
Operator: And your next question is coming from Mr. Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird. Please go ahead.
Q - Tristan Gerra: Hi. Can you talk about the trends in digital TVs and whether the decline in your DLP business in the quarter was unit or pricing driven, and also your sense of inventories in the channel for digital TVs post February?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Tristan, the DLP trends were -- you know, DLP is like any other high volume product. You tend to have, for any particular product, pricing goes down over time. You try to offset that decline by introducing new technologies. A good example would be 10 ADP, which 10 ADP sells for a premium price versus the 720P product so you will see those type of trends going on. So I would say, though, overall, as we've said, it was seasonally down, and by first compared to fourth. And by seasonal, we mean we shipped fewer units in first quarter than we did in the fourth quarter. So, Tristan, help me with the second question. And could you repeat it?
Q - Tristan Gerra: First I wanted to get a sense of inventory levels in the channel for traditional TVs. And you've said that you've worked on really improving the checks versus to avoid the situation of the first half of last year. And then just wanted to get a sense of how those inventory levels were tracking versus same time last year.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Okay, thank you. Compared to last year it's an easy compare, because last year we had excess inventory, and our channel partners there, customers and their channels were in inventory reduction mode. I would describe this year as inventories in the television channels are, if anything, lean, based upon what I would characterize as some ordering intensity from our DLP customers on the TV side. So let me say inventories are in good shape, if anything, a little lean in the DLP TV channel. Thank you, Tristan. Now turn to the next caller please.
Operator: Thank you, your next question is coming from Jim Schneider with Wedbush Morgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Q - Craig Berger: Actually this is Craig Berger. Thanks for taking my question. In light of the better than expected strength in wireless, what gives you confidence that there are sort of end customer inventory buildups out there, perhaps to ask it differently, how much of the growth is contributed by 3G growth, of the up 32% year on year? Thanks.
A - Ron Slaymaker: I don't have it broken out to say what part of the growth is, we said the 3G revenue doubled from a year ago, but at the same time, we saw good growth in other areas, especially the low end. But I don't have it broken out specifically. Did you have a quick follow-up?
Q - Craig Berger: Are your customers indicating that their inventory levels are healthy, are you seeing--?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Everything we're seeing from our customers in terms of their ordering trends, as well as just general commentary and dialogue with the customers leads us to believe that they believe their inventories are where they want them.
Q - Craig Berger: Can I ask a quick follow-up on the Wire Link 5.0? How's that product being received by customers and what sort of cost savings versus a discrete solution for those three radios?
A - Ron Slaymaker: It's a good question but I don't know the answer, so that one I'll have to put off to a separate discussion, but I don't know the answer on that one.
Q - Craig Berger: Thank you.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Okay, thank you. Next caller, please.
Operator: And your next question is coming from Mr. Joseph Osha with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Q - Joseph Osha: Hi, guys. Two quickies. First, Kevin, can you give me a sense as to what you think the -- sort of the sustainable or perhaps required level of capital spending for this business on an ongoing basis is going to be? I'm trying to think about where this depreciation number settles out. And then, Ron, I'll just throw you my question. On 3G, should we -- relative to total wireless in the first quarter, how should we think about how much of that came from 3G? Thanks.
A - Kevin March: Joe, as we look at the CapEx over time, I think what we're trying to find on a sustained basis over time, of course, it will fluctuate any one period as you well know, but it would probably average maybe something in the 10% of revenue kind of range over time.
Q - Joseph Osha: All right. So you're kind of at that level now really, I mean given what you're talking about for this year?
A - Kevin March: Based upon whatever your expectation for this year's revenues would be, that would be an accurate statement, yes.
Q - Joseph Osha: Okay.
A - Ron Slaymaker: And, Joe, in terms of, you know, kind of how much of the wireless revenue came from 3G, let me -- instead of answering it specific to first quarter, last year about, in total, about 25% of our wireless revenue going into handsets came from 3G. It would be higher than base station side, but on the handset side, about 25% of the revenue came from 3G, so based upon what we're describing in first quarter, it would have moved above that level, but I don't have a specific number for the first quarter level to share.
Q - Joseph Osha: May I ask a follow-on, Ron?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Quickly.
Q - Joseph Osha: Just back to Kevin, then, doesn't that mean that 2007 depreciation is going to track up from 2006 then?
A - Kevin March: Joe, we haven't made a forecast up that far, so I really can't give you a full comment on that. I just think that it's really going to be a function of what our revenue expectation is and the timing of our CapEx that will dictate what that depreciation is. I will just offer to you what I said before, and that was over an extended period of time, we would expect capital expenditures to be around 10% of our revenues, and so therefore depreciation would average that same sort of level over time.
Q - Joseph Osha: That's my understanding. All right, thank you so much.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Okay, thank you, Joe. And we'll have time for one additional caller.
Operator: And your last question is coming from Sumit Dhanda with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Q - Sumit Dhanda: Looks like I just squeaked in. Just a couple of questions here. In terms of the royalty came down slightly in the quarter, could you talk about how we should model that going forward? Should we just flat-line it at a slightly lower level than what it was exiting Q4 of '05?
A - Kevin March: I think what we would tell you on the royalty, it went down a little bit on the quarter, and it was down on a year-over-year basis, but it was right in line with what we expected. Just to remind anybody else who may be listening, some of our licenses have begun to expire. Some of them have been renewed during the quarter. Some are in negotiations. But due to the negotiations and those uncertain outcomes, we feel it's pretty premature for us to make any comment on royalty levels or set expectation for those. And so what we're doing, as we give our guidance, we're building into our guidance what we think royalty will be, and if the turns out that the royalties differ materially from our expectations, first of all let you know. But for now we're just going to take royalties basically a quarter at a time. I would just remind you they've become a small enough percentage of our overall revenues it's really not moving the needle nearly as much as did it in years past anyway, and that's another reason why we don't specifically speak to it.
A - Ron Slaymaker: And just, to the extent history has any bearing on the future, typically when there's a gap period between when a license expires and when that license is renewed, typically we would see catch-up payments from the licensee to cover that gap period. So, again, if there's any significant upside associated with those catch-up payments, then we would make those known to you as well. Did you have a follow-up Sumit?
Q - Sumit Dhanda: Yes, I did actually. The application-specific business are called the non-HDA business down this quarter, how should we really think about that? I understand that they're trying to deemphasize the commodity analog business, but does that benefit from a - let's say reasonably strong cycle through the course of the year, or should we just think about focusing on the growth within the high-performance analog business and the rest of the business continues to grow at a much more moderate pace than the overall pace?
A - Ron Slaymaker: No, I would not dismiss that that application specific business at all. First of all to your point on commodity, of our analog revenue, commodity only represents about 5%, so it really is a very small piece. That mixed signal business reflects some very strong positions in for TI in product areas or in equipment areas like printers, storage or hard disk drive products, automotive, industrial type of applications, so it's a much different type of business model than high performance analog. Generally it would carry lower growth margins than high performance analog but frankly carries very attractive operating margins just because the below the line expenses tend to be lower as a percentage of revenue. So it's an area where we continue to invest in, we continue to add engineering design talent and I think what you will see from TI is certainly growth as we've discussed in high performance analog. And maybe faster growth there but the application-specific area is important to us as well. And with that, we'll start to wrap up. Before we end the call, let me make a plug for our upcoming Analyst Meeting on May 9th and 10th in Dallas. If you're an institutional investor or an analyst you're invited to attend our meeting. If you did not receive an invitation and registration material last week via e-mail, please contact us so that we can get it to you right away. For those of you that are unable to attend the meeting in person, much of it will be webcast for your convenience. And with that we'll wrap up this call. Let me remind you that the replay is available on our website. Thank you and good evening.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's Texas Instruments conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful evening.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-01-24 09:45:00) =====
Executives:
Analyst: Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse   Adam Parker, Sanford Bernstein   Glen Yeung, Citigroup   Cody Acree, Stifel Nicolaus   Chris Danely, JP Morgan   Tom Thornhill, UBS   Jim Covello, Goldman Sachs   David Wu, Global Crown Capital   John Barton, Wachovia Securities   Ambrish Srivastava, Harris Nesbitt   Mark Edelstone, Morgan Stanley   Chris Caso, Friedman Billing   Tim Luke, Lehman Brothers   Michael McConnell, Pacific Crest   Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch   Tristan Gerra, Robert W. Baird
Ron Slaymaker, Vice President and Manager of Investor Relations: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our Fourth Quarter and 2005 Earnings Conference Call. Kevin March TIs Chief Financial Officer is with me today. To review investor release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcasted live over the web and can be accessed through TIs website. A replay will be available to the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause TIs results to differ materially from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TIs most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Our mid-quarter update towards outlook is scheduled this quarter for March 6, we expect narrow or adjust revenue in earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. We will observe a quite period beginning on March 1 until the update. In todays call, Ill review our highlights of revenue performance and then Kevin will discuss profit performance in the first quarter outlook. After this review, we will open the line for your questions. Fourth quarter TI revenue of $3.59 billion was even with the third quarter level and grew 14% from a year ago. This was at the lower end of the updated guidance range that we provided in December, primarily due to assembly and test capacity constraint in semiconductor. Even so, semiconductor revenue grew 3% sequentially and was up 15% from a year ago. This was the second consecutive quarter of accelerating year-on-year growth for semiconductor, a trend which we expect to continue into the first quarter. Sensors and Controls revenue grew 8% sequentially and 9% from a year ago. The E&PS revenue declined seasonally by 62% from the third quarter and was down 16% from a year ago. Semiconductor revenue set a new quarterly record and was accomplished while simultaneously setting a new quarterly record operating margin of 28.1%, especially noteworthy, was another strong quarterly performance by our high performance analog group, which grew revenue 8% sequentially. High performance analog revenue was up 41% from a year ago, reflecting the combination of four consecutive quarters with solid growth and the inventory correction that was underway at TIs distributors in the year ago quarter. Overall, analog revenue grew 2% sequentially and increased 20% from a year ago. The year-on-year comparison was negatively impacted by about 7 percentage points due to the divestiture of the commodity LCD driver product line in the first quarter of 2005. This revenue was $53 million in the year ago quarter. In addition to the previously mentioned high performance analog growth, demand for wireless analog product was also strong in both comparisons. TIs overall wireless revenue grew 4% sequentially and was up 12% from a year ago. 3G revenue was the biggest factor driving our year-on-year growth. Sequentially, in addition to 3G, we had strong growth in a range of 2.5D products, including chipsets sold to ODM customers for low priced handsets to address emerging market opportunities and OMAP application processors for Smart Phone. In addition, our Bluetooth units tripled sequentially as we ramp new programs since production. Overall, DSP revenue increased 2% sequentially and 12% from a year ago, driven in both comparison by wireless. Let me make a few quick points about our performance overall in 2005. First, our execution in high performance analog was very strong in 2005, with revenue growing 13% from 2004. This growth rate was 50% higher than our closest major competitor. And we exited 2005 with distribution inventory levels of our high performance analog product, lower than they were at the end of 2004, despite resale that were significantly higher. Growth in 2005 would have been several points higher had distribution inventory grown at the same pace as the resale through the year. Nonetheless, we are encouraged at the lean channel inventories will service well in 2006. Next, I believe we performed well on wireless in 2005 with revenue growth of 14% we entered the year with many predicting that TI would loose market share in the fasting growing 3G WCDMA market. Were exiting the year having done the opposite. We believe industry shipment that WCDMA handset doubled in 2005. TI doubled our shipments of OMAP application processors and almost tripled our shipments of WCDMA modems in 2005. In both areas, TI holds strong market leadership. We solidly accomplished our goal to exceed $1 billion of semiconductor revenue in WCDMA in the year. As we enter 2006 a year in which, most expect that WCDMA handsets will double again in terms of shipments. We are confident that we will maintain our market share, if not expand it further. At the same time, weve cornered an undisputed leadership position, supplying chips to the rapidly growing emerging market for low priced handsets. In 2006, we expect to extend this lead even further as we ramp volume production of our Single-Chip cell phone product. As in 3G, we are engaged with market leaders for gaining share themselves. TI shipped more than 400 million units of Digital Baseband devices in total in 2005 and more than half of the worlds cell phones continued to be based on DSP technology from TI. TI has shipped more than 150 million chips in total in 90-nanometer technology, and 65-nanometer process is now qualified in a ramping end of production. This deployment of advanced technology as well ahead of any of our major wireless competitors and its a significant differentiator for TI. Our customers are advantaged by our technology allowing them to introduce phones that perform better consume less power, fit into smaller, thinner form factors and cost less. 2005 was a more challenging year for TIs DLP product line as we entered the year with significant excess inventories at both our form projectors and HDTV customers and their channels. Overall, DLP revenue declined 8% in 2005, however we left the year in a much better position with revenue in the fourth quarter up 10% from the year ago quarter. More importantly our products continue to be enthusiastically received by our OEM customers and consumers alike. We continue to leverage the flexibility and then earn performance advantages of DLP technology as well as continue to build our brand image with consumers. Recent technology introduction examples include DLP, HDTV chipset thats the fourth LED illumination and brilliant color technology which extends DLP color processing from 3 colors up to 6 colors. Significantly increasing the number of producible color shades and providing up to a 50% brightness increase. These innovations provide real advantages to consumers and demonstrate a level of technology headroom that is available to TI and our customers with DLP technology. At this point, I have Kevin to review profitability and our outlook.
Kevin March, Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Ron, and good afternoon everyone. As Ron indicated, we are pleased with the progress that we made profitability in the quarter. Excluding stock-based compensation expense, we held our 25% operating margin that we first achieved in the third quarter. Total stock-based compensation expense in the fourth quarter was $86 million or 2.4% revenue. For the year, it was 178 million or 1.3% of revenue. In comparison with the prior periods, please remember the stock option expense is not included in the periods prior to the third quarter of 2005. TIs fourth quarter gross profit was $1.73 billion or 48.3% of revenue. The sequential decline in gross profit and gross margin was due to the seasonal decline in graphing calculators with their associated strong margins. Semiconductor gross profit increased due to the high revenue as its gross margins were about the same as last quarter. Operating expenses decline by 32 million or 1% revenue compared with the third quarter. The seasonal decline in paying benefits resulted from holidays and vacation time taken by employees during the quarter was the primary reason for the decline. As you would expect, these trends should reverse the gain in the first quarter. TIs operating profit for the quarter was 810 million or 22.6% of revenue. Again, this includes stock-based compensation expenses that were 2.4% of revenue in the quarter. Semiconductor operating margin reached a new record high 28.1% of revenue in the fourth quarter. This was a second sequential increase of 1.5 percentage points and an increase of 11 percentage points from a year ago. For the year, TIs operating profit of $2.79 billion and operating margin of 20.8% of revenue both set new annual records and reflect profitability gains in semiconductor. Semiconductors operating margin for the year is 23.9% an increase of 5.2 percentage points from 2004. TIs overall tax rate in the fourth quarter including discrete items was 24%. Net income was 655 million or $0.40 per share in the fourth quarter. Although, we were at the lower end of our guidance range for revenue, we were pleased to be able deliver earnings that were at the top end of our range. For my account, if I summarize the fourth quarters earnings per share transitions from $0.38 that we reported in the third quarter. On the plus side, about $0.02 of higher EPS resulted from semiconductor revenue growth about a penny came from lower operating expenses and about $0.02 came from lower tax rate. We called that the third quarter tax rate included cumulative catch up adjustment. On the minus side, earnings per share were reduced by about $0.03 due to the seasonally lower EPS revenue. For the year, net income increased 25% to $2.32 billion. Only most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review it in the earnings release. Let me make just a few comments. Cash flow from operations was $908 million in the quarter and 3.77 billion for the year. We entered the year with $5.34 billion in total cash. TI used $870 million of cash during the quarter to repurchase 28 million shares of TI common stock. For the year, we used 4.15 billion to repurchase 153 million shares of stock. Average diluted share outstanding were 1.64 billion in the fourth quarter, down 20 million shares in the third quarter. For the year, average diluted shares outstanding were 1.67 billion down almost 100 million shares from 1.77 billion in 2004. Inventory of 1.27 billion at the end of the fourth quarter increased 115 million from the less-than-desired level of the third quarter. Note that almost all of 108 million of the inventory increase remains work-in-process at the end of the fourth quarter. Inventory levels while improved remains below our desired levels, especially in high performance analog die banks and overall finished goods. Days of inventory at the end of the fourth quarter were up 62, up 5 days sequentially and the same as the year ago. TI orders in the fourth quarter were 3.77 billion about even sequentially. Semiconductor orders were 3.39 billion, up 2% sequentially. Semiconductors book-to-bill ratio was 1.05, down slightly from 1.06 in the third quarter. Before I turn to our outlook for the first quarter in 2006, let me remind you that the previously divestiture of TIs Sensors and Controls operations, to Bain capital is expected to close in the first half of 2006. The financial results for this business will be accounted for at a discontinued operation beginning in the first quarter. This means that its results, excluding a small RFID operation that will remain with TI as part of the semiconductor segment will be consolidated to a single line item on the income statement labeled income from discontinued operations. Its results will not be reported in the companys revenue, cost of revenue or operating expense lines. For the first quarter, we currently expect total TI revenues from continued operations to be in the range of $3.11 billion to $3.38 billion. Semiconductor revenue should be in the range of 3.05 billion to 3.30 billion and E&PS should be in the range of $60 million to $80 million. Earnings per share from continuing operations are expected to be in the range of $0.29 to $0.33 in the first quarter. This estimate includes about $0.04 for stock-based compensation expense or about $90 million, a little higher than the third and fourth quarter levels. EPS from discontinued operations is expected to be about $0.03. In 2006, our tax rate will be affected if the US government reinstates the Federal Research Tax Credit which expired at the end of 2005. Our annual effective tax rate was expected to be about 30% and does not assume the reinstatement of this tax credit. For reference, the higher tax rate will negatively impact first quarter EPS by about $0.03 when compared with the 24% rate of the fourth quarter. For 2006, for continuing operations, we expect R&D to be about 2.2 billion, capital expenditures to be about 1.3 billion and depreciation to be about 1.03 billion. This depreciation estimate reflects the companys change from an accelerated to a straight line method of depreciation for existing and future property planting equipment beginning in the first quarter of 2006. This change is the result of our studying the pattern of usage of TIs long led depreciable assets. The study indicated the trend toward more consistent utilization of assets as TI has focused its product portfolio on differentiate products and supplemented its internal semiconductor manufacturing, the supply from foundries. The effect of this change will be reflected on a prospective basis and prior period results will not be restated. 2006 depreciation is expected to decline about $350 million compared with 2005. About half of this decline is the result of the change to the straight line method with a remainder mostly due to TIs lower capital spending of the last few years. The small amount of the decline will be due to the discontinued operations. In the first quarter, we expect depreciation to decline about $80 million in total, which is about 35 million lower under the new straight line method than it would have been under the prior method. However please note that since depreciation is in inventorial cost, we will see less than 10 million of benefit to pre-tax income from this change in the first quarter. Considering that we entered the quarter with 62days of inventory, where depreciation was calculated under the prior accelerated method. So in summary, 2005 overall was a milestone year for TI, we set new records for annual revenue, operation margin, operating profit and cash flow for operations in the year. We are very encouraged with the financial health and strategic direction of the company. We believe the actions such as the divestiture of our Sensors and Control segment and the recently announced acquisition of Chipcon, but both serves a high performance analog capabilities will continues to evolve TI into a company that will produce superior revenue and earnings growth on a sustained basis. I should also note that our Boards recent authorization to reinvest an additional $5 billion in repurchases of the TI common stock that was announced today. This is a statement of confidence in the opportunities ahead for TI and our ability to translate these opportunities into solid financial results. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Ron Slaymaker, Vice President and Manager of Investor Relations: Thanks Kevin, and this time, I ask operator to open the lines up for your questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for additional follow up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, the floor is now open for questions. If you do have a question at this time please press * then the number 1 on your touchtone telephone, once again, to ask a question, its * key followed by the number 1 on your telephone keypad. Our first question is coming from Michael Masdea, of Credit Suisse.
Q - Michael Masdea: Yeah, thanks to Ron and then Kevin, real quick, on the comment you said about the depreciation, a lot of us assume kind of a straight line impact per quarter for the year in terms of the benefit from changing depreciation accounting, it sounds like its going to be is it going to ramp throughout the year and less than a penny in the first quarter in terms of the positive impact, is that the right ballpark?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Yeah, Micheal thats what we think about it. The recent ramps through the years, because as we spend capital later through the year rather than a standard depreciation under the accelerated basis, if depreciation is under straight line, so that impact for the year actually grows throughout the year. In the first quarter, the delta due to this change in method of 35 million only about 10 million will make its way to the P&L in the first quarter, well, it just takes about 2 months for the depreciation of traversal inventory.
Q - Michael Masdea: Great, thats helps to compare with what was out there. I guess a follow up, Ron, youve spoken about lot of semiconductor companies talked about, lead time stretch now, a little about expedited orders and it sounds like that it, the good times are back. But help us understand that the impact thats having on your business. Are you seeing expedited orders, are you handling that, and try to avoid inventory builds and how sustainable is that?
A - Ron Slaymaker: All right, certainly with described things maybe is a bit more hectic in terms of the operations Michael, probably there are some areas where the lead times have moved out, for example, isolated products and high performance analog that are high demand where they fully depleted the die bank inventory, they have to move lead times out. But even in high performance analog, I would say, overall, weve tried to keep lead times pretty stable, and in some areas for example standard logic where you recall last quarter we said we have to move lead time out of couple of weeks. Weve been able to get back on top of that in bringing lead times back in by a couple of weeks. Now at the same time, Michael, Id say our delinquencies are up. So we are not buy a few days, I would say, we are not fully meeting the lead times that we have committed to customers and in terms of those deliveries and in fact those delinquencies, will carryover into, in the first quarter and that what we trying to what we are focused on, trying to get on top of today. But in terms of overall, lead time extensions we have not made those moves at this point.
Q - Michael Masdea: Hey Ron, just to make sure were clear, is this driven by demand surprising upside or the lean supply chain or some combination?
A - Ron Slaymaker: I would say a combination demand remained solid and even through, first quarter up to this point, I would describe that its remaining strong. Now you only have to look at the order increases but maybe even more telling would be the, the book-to-bill of 1.05 that we ramp for semiconductor in the fourth quarter. So thats why demand is remaining solid. If you look at what change probably say versus our mid quarter update early December, at that point we were planning on certain capacity expansions in assembly tests that frankly we just werent able to get equipment in on time and per our plan. So that created probably for more supply-related constraints than we had expected at that point in the quarter.
Q - Michael Masdea: Thanks a lot.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Michael. Next caller please.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is coming from Adam Parker of Sanford Bernstein.
Q - Adam Parker: Yeah, hi just want to understand that last point you made, what was the impact of that back end tightness you referenced in Q4, in terms of revenue and when will this be resolved, given that, book-to-bill, is it, its still impacting here in Q1, or how can you explain your guidance of that more clearly please?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Yeah I would say, I dont know that we can completely quantify it other than to say, where we landed in the quarter relative to our midpoint we were below and we can fully explained that gap and probably more due to some of the slippage and expansion of that assembly test capacity from our plan. Does it carryover in the first quarter, yes we are trying to bring on early in the quarter. Additional assembly test capacity and we are trying to get our output back to realign with the customer demand in the first quarter; yet at the same time our ability to do that, certainly the demand trends will be a factor. If we get some seasonal flowing in demand, we will make progress if demand continues to building on us, and, that will mean we might carry higher levels of delinquencies than certainly than we preferred. So does that, does that help the estimation Adam?
Q - Adam Parker: Yeah generally okay. And the second question is just related to your operating expenses and the couple of pieces here with first of all can you provide 06 SG&A guidance, at all I also missed your R&D and then CapEx but now SG&A?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Yeah Adam, we dont typically do that, we will just give you CapEx depreciation and R&D and we dont typically offer SG&A guidance for you.
Q - Adam Parker: Is it reasonable to assume your revenue growth will exceed your SG&A growth or, maybe just answer that over the long-term?
A - Ron Slaymaker: I think over the long-term, maybe you are exactly on the same kind thinking that we are on, because thats the best way for us to expand our overall earnings.
Q - Adam Parker: Okay and then the one last thing is your R&D shortfall versus your earlier guidance, or the lower R&D versus with you earlier guide, you mentioned some of vacations of holidays, that the number of vacations and holidays surprise you or what cost that lower R&D versus your plan or your own?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Well actually it was we have little more vacation but quite tangibly we also have number of R&D LIFO such that we are statically released. It didnt quite make it in the quarter and another reply in the first quarter.
Q - Adam Parker: Okay.
A - Ron Slaymaker: So you put those together and took as a bit under that averages down little bit, thats what we expected.
Q - Adam Parker: So we should take up our first quarter number by that shortfall?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Yeah weve expect our spending to go back up, because these rate were just miss the quarter and out come of the first quarter.
A - Kevin March: In fact both of those factors Adam, certainly the seasonal element of holidays and vacations will comeback in the first quarter and then the radicals just slip from fourth into first.
Q - Adam Parker: Okay thanks guys.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Thank you Adam, next call please.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is coming from Glen Yeung of Citigroup.
Q - Glen Yeung: Thanks just a point of clarification when I look at your semiconductor guidance for the first quarter on a revenue basis down just a little bit, you can calculated that in a bunch of different ways, just how you feel that your guidance relative to normal seasonal for the first quarter?
A - Ron Slaymaker: I think actually we are performing quite well relative to seasonality and the other thing we have to be, you have to watch carefully as, what do you mean by seasonality and when we look at, for example just the last, the last I think its ten years semiconductor seasonal pattern, its ranged anywhere from excuse me, I got numbers from a, its ranged anywhere from for the sequential forward to first transition are down at 19% to at last to 12%.
Q - Glen Yeung: Right.
A - Ron Slaymaker: So, when you talk about whats the, that normal or average sequential decline or seasonal decline, Im not sure to very tailoring in terms been able to here as a forecasting guideline. But, the other comparison is just, you have to consider a couple of things one over the course of time, Wireless has become a bigger part of our revenue, as well as areas like DLP. So in general, the more we become aligned with consumer region purchases you probably going to see more of that fourth to first stand and even third to fourth seasonality, in our revenue trends and then the other consideration would just be if you look at last years there is a, as a most recent example, we were down 7% sequentially in the first quarter. So, we feel pretty good with the numbers that, that were put down you for first quarter.
Q - Glen Yeung: And Ron, in 2005, you made the point that DLP was down about 8% for the year on the back of inventory constraints to start the year. As you look in the 2006, we dont seem to have with any inventory issues. Do you expect DLP to be positive grower this year and so we look at that as a positive for gross margin?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Yeah I dont have any specific numbers but certainly it would be our expectation to be able to grow that DLP revenue and frankly on both fronts, I mean form projector market is a fast growing market and its one where, we have about 50% share in that market. So it would be probably becomes increasingly difficult to gain share yet at the same time we got a market that, generally we believe and the analyst believe is growing on the rate probably about 30% per year in terms of unit. So thats a, and if you keep in mind that 70% of our DLP revenue in the TV space, we are still very, very early in that trend for digital television and to point of HDTV in general weve got a great technology, great position in the market, highly competitive but one that we believe will succeed in and that will be a nice contributor to growth in 2006 as well.
Q - Glen Yeung: Thats great. Can you, on a follow-up on the first question, I forgot to talk one of the part which is, you got a good book-to-bill to start the quarter, whats your sense about any double order in that while on the quarter or that you are experiencing now giving that you had tightness in the backend and order book is pretty strong?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Yeah thats always an unknown, so, might there be some book to some double ordering in there could be, but, Glen in general we think, customers are they have given us more coverage, so they extended their backlog in visibility out through first quarter not really so much out beyond 90 days compared to what we have seen over the course of the last year. But we are certainly, we believe entering into first quarter with more visibility than what we have seen and we think in general the customers are using that as they are means of securing deliveries as suppose to playing that double booking game but, there is certainly could be some of that as well and we dont have a great way to distinguish between, what double booking versus true win demand.
Q - Glen Yeung: Okay thanks Ron.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Thank you. Next caller please.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is coming from Cody Acree, of Stifel Nicolaus.
Q - Cody Acree: Thanks Ron, can you maybe go back to last year on that question about DLPs, when was that you started to run into the problems that you noticed that you have some inventory issues in DLP and are we at that point in this quarter?
A - Ron Slaymaker: I think it was, when we really became aware of it, was probably once we got into first quarter, and, again therefore we understand sale-through and all that. When we look back, and Im saying thats when we realized it not when we built the excess inventory. If you look back at fourth quarter, we saw, of coverage revenues down but I would say most of that some of that could have been associated with inventory, some of that probably was normal seasonality. I would say its really first quarter became, before we were fully aware what we are looking at in terms of inventory correction.
Q - Cody Acree: How do you believe that on what you are seeing in DLP now especially in the television side of things that youve got better visibility this year than you did last?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Certainly and Cody when I say first quarter I dont mean, the third month of the quarter. At this point, in first quarter last year, we knew and we were discussing with you guys that we were facing an inventory correction in DLP. So certainly, we dont believe that there is excess DLP inventory out there, to any significant level on the form projector side or the television side at this point. So, from a visibility standpoint, what we saw last year that was from, we dont think we are facing this year relatively consistent with, in demand and normal customer inventory trends for this part of the television selling season.
Q - Cody Acree: And then on the delinquencies, do you say that you are still running with some delinquencies now are those starting to clean themselves up or you, how do you feel about your those capacity constraints and are they going to linger into this first quarter?
A - Kevin March: Cody, Ill go ahead and try to take that one, delinquencies are still lingering they have come down a bit, but they have not come down anyway near enough to meet the customers service requirements that we have in mind. Our objective is to get enough backend capacity in place, thats the assembly and test capacity in place to clue those math to begin building some finished goods inventory and get little bit ahead of this demand. So we can meet these sort of, cycle times that weve got with some of our customers.
A - Ron Slaymaker: And Cody, again there is a two variables on that. One is our own capacity expansion, which is coming online as we are hope as far in the current quarter and then the second variable is customer demand and, that one is remaining strong. So we are not getting help from the customer demand side, but, frankly thats not a bad issue to be facing right now.
Q - Cody Acree: So would you double little inventory than this quarter?
A - Kevin March: I think that we would tell you what we would like to, but again as Ron pointed out as a function of the demand, if demand keeps running as strong as it is, were going to have to keep working hard just to keep up.
Q - Cody Acree: All right thanks guys.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Thank you Cody. Next caller please.
Operator: Thank you, the next question is coming from Chris Danely of JP Morgan.
Q - Chris Danely: Hi, thanks guys. Capacity constraints always a good problem to have, I guess given the capacity constraints, Im just curious is to why the CapEx wouldnt be little higher this year and a little more front end loaded?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Chris, actually youve hit the nail on the head. There will be higher in equipment terms and they will be front end loaded. If you take a look at last year, we spent middle of 1.3 billion and weve got it for about 1.3 billion this year. But keep in mind last year, we spent nearly $300 million on your new fab and enriched spend. And that had drops off significantly in 2006. So that money is diverted instead into equipment expenditures. Weve ordered a lot of assembly test equipment in fourth quarter, and of course it takes a little while, it has to arrive before in terms of capital expenditures and you will see that CapEx numbers bump up in first quarter as a result.
Q - Cody Acree: Okay and I guess little bit more a longer term question now you guys have done the fab I think for a couple of years and its worth well in certain times very well, in certain times and you got caught a little bit in Q4, do you have different view on that, I mean, do you think that you will rely maybe a little bit less on foundries in the future or more how do you look at that, how you think that will be going forward?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Yeah, Chris I wouldnt, the foundry strategies have no impact on us in fourth quarter, this is an assembly test problem. Theres really a question of, starting the wafers in a uniform pattern to meet our assembly test backend capacity and the fact, the matter is we have to expand the backend much faster than we expected. Because we call again, we drain finished goods in third quarter. We didnt build any finished goods in fourth quarter, we did bill work in process, a fair amount but we still have not been able to get it to the backend to begin to build up finished goods. So its not a, not a wafer problem, at this stage, it is an assembly test bottleneck.
A - Kevin March: Yeah, lot of that with that you saw build in fourth quarter is, you can assume as probably sitting in front of assembly test equipment, trying to work its way through that final stage at manufacturing flow, which again is the bottleneck we are facing, it is not by any means either our own wafer fab capacity or availability from foundries.
Q - Cody Acree: Thanks thats helpful. As my follow-up, would you guys care to update here long-term growth in operating margin targets given the sales of the S&C group?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Well I think what well see with there is sale in Sensors & Controls business. Our gross profit margin should actually increase a little bit. Given that S&C was below, pivotal TI, the operating margin of the 3% or 4% would be, call it flat and maybe slightly up if you looked in the first half of 2005, Sensors & Controls operating margin was better than Semiconductor. If you look the second half, when you see this Semiconductor was better than Sensors & Controls, we would expect it to continue that kind of performance in the future. If we look out further in time we just achieve some long term goals to get in ourselves to a 50% growth and 25% operating and that of course that excludes the impact of stock options expenses and shut that. I think it would be fair for us to say that we would like to learn how get to those same kind of operating margins as we work with time by absorbing the stock option expense over time.
Q - Cody Acree: Okay, thanks a lot guys.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Thank you next caller please.
Operator: Thank you our next question is coming Tom Thornhill of UBS.
Q - Tom Thornhill: Just got to ask, was looking for more exclusive guidance here on gross margin because the changes but, can you elaborate a little bit on that, on what we should be looking for in the March quarter, given that the percentage is coming down, near-term fee is coming out, and both of the operating business as you have are, were running above 50% gross margin in the quarter, you just finished?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Yeah Tom, we dont actually guide between license fees and give revenue and give EPS and we dont want to breakout that between but I could suggest, you might model of I take, look at Sensors & Controls in the fourth quarter, we can subtract out $30 million for RFID from that revenue line. I think that was in the low to mid single digits on operating profit. So back that out and recomputed it and see what comes out of TI is trying to get to that if you want the model on those kind of, numbers.
Q - Tom Thornhill: All right. You mentioned, book-to-bill, it sounds like business stayed strong right through the end of the fourth quarter, and has continued at a rate through the first part of Q1, is that accurate, is there are read it all on the early part of Q1 in terms of trend?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Now, I think youve got it right Tom, certainly we were also curious to see the transition once we got over into the new year and, you recall even a mid quarter update. We indicated at that point that we really needed to get into January, to get feedback from our customers on sell-through and see any kind adjustments size they might make to their bill plans and backlog, associated with either excess inventory or, if there was such a thing, and what I would say is we really havent seen any downward revisions as of likely any maybe item-wise but in case of the, overall, our customers have not gone through and made downward adjustments that would indicate to us they see, any kind of inventory issue either in their running operations or inside of their channel, so to strength that we saw coming out fourth quarter you are exactly right carried right over into the first three weeks of January, here.
Q - Tom Thornhill: By this point of time, it would have be normal that your customers would be making those adjustments if they had inventory at yearend its carried over that they want?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Certainly, most deadline making a, they can make those adjustments anytime, they want but I think, as it relates to the Christmas holiday sell-through, I think weve and our customers have pretty good indications that didnt present an issue, of course you have Asian holidays coming up here shortly that will be another checkpoint but at least as it applies to the other holidays end of year holidays in 2005. I think we have pretty good indication at this point.
Q - Tom Thornhill: Thank you.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Thank you Tom, next caller please.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs.
Q - Jim Covello: Good evening, thanks so much. First question on DLP, Ron Im not sure if you said it was up 10%, Q4 over Q4 or year-over-year, for full year 05?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Q4 compare to Q4, full year growth was 8% in DLP.
Q - Jim Covello: Okay, should, do I have that right end of that and I could very well be doing my numbers Ron, but does that mean it was flat quarter-over-quarter?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Yeah thats correct. And Jim let me correct, 2005 compared to 2004 was down 8% not up 8% as I said, and you are exactly right, third quarter to fourth quarter was flat and frankly thats a little better than we had expected in October, and the reason is, front projectors, televisions were down sequentially as we expected which would be the, when I say as expected really as expected, just from a seasonal pattern because again you have to keep in mind there is a pretty long channel between TI and the end-consumer purchase there. But front projectors, grew and grew little better than what we had expected.
Q - Jim Covello: Terrific, thanks for that clarification. And then couple other quick questions for longer term for modeling purposes, when do we think about a depreciation in fraction probably when we think about depreciation kind of bottoming out then, then picking back up a little bit.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Jim what you begin to see is that, 2007 we were probably expect depreciation to see a little bit more of a decline again and thats because we, large capital expenditure that we had in 2001 rolls off. And then after that you start to see CapEx depreciation begin to be pretty easy to model and start began to pick up the number of straight line would be easier just take and divide by 5 and get you the numbers when you start seeing, flattening of that or a near in whatever our capital expenditures are at that point of time, but we are starting the depreciation in the much easier to model basis.
Q - Jim Covello: Okay and then a final question from me, well to the margin leverage in the model you all done a terrific job of, of doing different things to create much higher, normalized margins if you will, anything you can do at the currents levels to drive incremental leverage from the current levels which is kind of way to your peak.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Like
A - Kevin March: What you first about, when you describe peak youre saying
Multiple speaker:
Q - Jim Covello: Historical levels
A - Kevin March: Yeah, comparing TI to wherever it was back then
Q - Jim Covello: Thats I guess another way to say would be the relative to current levels. What do you think you could do the drive incremental margin leverage in the model, may thats a better way to ask him?
A - Ron Slaymaker: A couple of things out for a while and let Kevin add to it is, you certainly see benefit as revenue grows any and how that translates first of all for leverage on OpEx, second, I think Kevin already said we would expect to grow under normal expectations revenue growth, SG&A below, below the rate of revenue growth. Another consideration would be product mix, somebody asked this question already, I dont know that I addressed it but certainly DLP, for example runs about corporate average margins, HPA tends to run above corporate average margin, so to the extent that we see good growth in those areas and frankly we didnt see that kind of growth in 2005, hopefully that, that comes back in 2006 which with respect to DLP and certainly HPA the trend weve seen there, we fully intend to keep marching forward in the 2006 with being, above market revenue growth and then, and so utilization is a factor, product mix is a factor, and just revenue growth and leverage on, on OpEx. So frankly, so lot of things youre seen from TI over the last couple of years and then in addition, the, the Sensors & Controls sale certainly will help at least on the, on the gross margin line. Kevin anything else you can think of?
A - Kevin March: No. Youve covered it all.
Q - Jim Covello: And I guess, its my final, final question with then, we had, obviously the revenues were kind of flattish sequential in Q4. But we had a lot of those things present in Q4 of 05 and the margins were, flat to down a little bit. So, what would change relative to, all those kind of seasonality in the business?
A - Ron Slaymaker: I think, Jim when you look at first of all which you are saying margins were flat sequentially
Q - Jim Covello: Yeah, yeah I mean obviously gross margins out there, operating income was, that operating margins were flattish kind of quarter-over-quarter.
A - Ron Slaymaker: No for the company we keep in mind that, that reflect the seasonality in our calculated growth. I mean you are taking a lot of, lot of highly profitable revenue, if you look at semiconductors operating margin went up a 1.5 sequentially. Gross margin held up the same but, I would really, the only thing on gross margins when you look at sequential comparisons you can get, noise five factors for example, third quarter depreciation was down a little bit, fourth quarter depreciation was up a little bit, for, if you want to look at it from an incremental margin standpoint, I really encouraged kind of year-on-year type of comparison so, I think you get some of those kind of noise factors entering into the sequential comparison.
Q - Jim Covello: Great thank you so much.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Thank you John, next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Wu of Global Crown Capital.
Q - David Wu: Hi and great quarter folks, two quick questions, number one is, Ron, can you tell me when does the DLP business actually grow on a seasonal basis and second question I have is, these wonderful things that are sitting in front of your test and assembly equipment, wont be a delinquency if you make them up in Q1, so just had a couple, some of these revenues that you miss in Q4 will show up in Q1 revenues. Do you make that kind of assumption in your guidance?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Well, I think certainly as we are preparing our guidance were, were well aware of the delinquencies we are carrying over into the quarter and to the extent that we are able to reduce those delinquencies going out the first quarter then that says yes those, that benefit is in the first quarter and is in, in the guidance but, to what extent we still, will still have to be determined. I am sorry David could you, the other question.
Q - David Wu: The DLP business?
A - Ron Slaymaker: A reasonable growth, when we may expect it. I think
Q - David Wu: When, how does the seasonality growth of four quarters of the year, because we, we have last year distortion from Texas inventory in a channel and this years its kind of probably unwinding of that problem.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Agreed and any that you look year before that we just kind of been on a secular bill trend that works on blew through whatever, whatever underlying seasonality
Q - David Wu: Seasonality applied to 05.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Yeah I dont, the answer is I dont, we dont have the history to be able to layout and say this is what you can typically expect from DLP through the of course of the year so, unfortunately we trying to have that little more history behind thats able to talk about how that works for the appointed business there.
Q - David Wu: Okay, can you expect, I want to just clarify one thing which is that, you said in the liquid updated you are going to get into third quarter to get customers feedback on sell-through, what you specifically thinking about the very large OEMs and cell phones and the DLP kind of business or do, can you get a read on the broad base customers as well.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Certainly the big customers we have, their production planning system tied into our production build systems and we have really good visibility there, as we move out in the smaller customer certainly we would have, we would have a lot visibility and we say we have generally good visibility at demand and distribution and certainly inventories and distribution and, when it is common inventories and distribution declined again in the fourth quarter, so we know those, those channel inventories are low and all of those, generally point to good things. I mean, frankly, in distribution, we and the distributors probably would, would have preferred to have the inventories at a little higher level than where they are coming out of fourth quarter but, they caught up in this whole issue, as we are putting product out are we feeling if the customers that re, that are ready to put that in system or we put that, sending it to distributors kind of put it in the inventory so. Its taking us a little more time to get that inventory build back to desired level in distribution but certainly the demand is there, if you go into 2006, I think we believe we are going to be well served by having lean, lean inventories in that, in that channel.
Q - David Wu: Thanks Ron, still about those 7 turns, turns rate like, like we said before.
A - Ron Slaymaker: That, that correct turns are 7 or maybe slightly above that lead. Okay lets move on to the next caller and our backlog of our callers is growing in factor than our, our constraint in assembly test, I really will ask each of you limit yourself to 2 questions please.
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Barton of Wachovia Securities.
Q - John Barton: Thanks, Ron if you could comment on OMAP, I mean you talked about the strength in year-over-year et cetera, just give us a picture what youre seeing from the competitive landscape perspective and tax rate, pricing trends et cetera, to give us to feel of business delinquency.
A - Ron Slaymaker: OMAP is doing very well, and if you look at our Wireless revenue and our 3G revenue in 2005, it was roughly 55% OMAP, 45% Baseband, I think I said earlier that we doubled our OMAP immense shipment in 2005 compared to 04 for that 3G space. So its doing very well. The encouraging thing is if you go back probably to 2004 almost all of our OMAP revenue was tied to the Japanese market and into DelCmos programs specifically that has moved out to a broader base of customers and service providers in 2005, so its diversified nicely and, and its grown nicely. Weve certainly, in terms of ASPs I would say, whole many other coming down but holdings, holding up a well with respect to our expectation, still in the $15 to $20 range that, that we described overall for 2005. But more in the lower part of this range, coming out of the year then, then what would have been at, at beginning of the year. Could you have a quick follow up john?
Q - John Barton: Just real quick, with utilization expectations for Q1?
A - Ron Slaymaker: We dont have specific numbers to share, what I can say is utilization in fourth quarter all are of back of our fab, so wafer capacity was about even with where it was third quarter but I dont have a specific outlook number to provide you in first quarter.
Q - John Barton: Thank you.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, John. Next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ambrish Srivastava of Harris Nesbitt.
Q - Ambrish Srivastava: Hi Ron, I didnt hear the answer to this question, maybe you didnt answer even Michael asked earlier on, on lead times. You said high performance lead times have stretched up. Could you please qualify that?
A - Ron Slaymaker: No I said overall high performance analogs have been stable all I would characterize is that its, four to six weeks or isolated, isolated cases where the die bank inventory was depleted and we have to move lead times out of those really are isolated cases versus what we are doing overall in high performance analog.
Q - Ambrish Srivastava: Okay thanks, thanks for your clarification. Second question, very good free cash generation, you are buying back why not increase your dividend?
A - Kevin March: Ambrish we have, came to lose over the last year and a half or so and what weve one who done on dividends and buybacks we have actually increased the dividends several times and I think the first, size of a buyback that we announced back in September of 2004 and at that we increased our dividend by 17%. We have a second buyback that we announced a year ago, the third buyback that we announced in July of this past year and at that time another 20% increase in dividend in our most recent buybacks. So we have impact in increasing dividends and the Board does review our dividend policy on an on-going basis to the extent that, that large with appropriate, will make changes in the future based on their evaluation.
Q - Ambrish Srivastava: So, when I should re-look into that Kevin, is we should expect an increase sometimes also?
A - Ron Slaymaker: You know Ambrish, I knew that I was saying that you are going to go there. I dont want to pass the recall out of future, but I just did wanted to out the fact that we had been increasing it and we continue to look at that until we expect that makes sense will make adjustments. Was that your follow up question Ambrish?
Q - Ambrish Srivastava: No, my follow up Ron was a little bit on the Wireless business. You talked about the, and youve talked about, in the past about the growth in the low end as well as the high end. What do you think is the percentage of the two businesses relative to what it was in 05, what would you expect in 06. Thanks.
A - Ron Slaymaker: I will say, these are not percentage talking about market growth.
Q - Ambrish Srivastava: No, not market growth because I guess thats, I guess both of them are dependent on where the market goes. But both when you look at your business and you look at 06 versus 05, where would you expect the low end phones to come in as a percentage of you total Wireless business?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Yeah I dont, I dont have a specific number there in and part of this is, trying to come of with an exact definition of low end. We know, the lower priced product that are going into those lower priced handset generally but there is not real kind of corporate line definition of, of where the low end ends and mid range began. What I can say is the trend is exactly as we described where, if you look at, I think we gave from the numbers in case of 3G, 3G represents quarter of our Wireless revenue in 2005, that likely will increase in 2006 at the same time, this trend that were seeing on the low end we would expect will continue as well. I dont have a market growth number for you 05 or 06 on the low price segment but I can say our market share is really strong and were engaged with those familiar players that are quite vocal about their own successes in that segment of the market. So, I think its suffice to say we expect that to continue to be a growth driver in 06 as well.
Q - Ambrish Srivastava: Okay thanks guys.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Thank you. Next caller please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Edelstone of Morgan Stanley.
Q - Mark Edelstone: Good afternoon. I guess you guys on that point, now we just going to walk to the high end and the low end, and if you net it out and look at 2006 are you expecting that units and revenues and Wireless growth roughly the same pace, or you think that there is more content increase overall when you net it out.
A - Ron Slaymaker: That, thats a good question Mark and I dont have any answer for you, because that really depends on the mix. This in fact, the growth from, from 3G absolutely is, if you call blended ASP, blended ASP, the ASP on 3G is higher that our average ASP. The ASP on low priced where there is lot of unit growth happening is below, so, what nets out is going to be dependent upon the relative growth of, those 2 segments of the market, if you look at 05, we had good, good solid Wireless growth of 14% compared to 04. But that was probably a little bit below what in side units grew in 05. So where it goes in 06, really is going to depend upon, which, which segment of the market grows faster.
Q - Mark Edelstone: And then this is follow up, if I am reading between the lines correctly Kevin it sounds like you are going to a five year straight line depreciation, can you confirm that and then just you talk about where you expect royalties to trend in 06 versus what you saw in 05?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Mark you read between the lines correctly we do, were keeping the less, as they had been 5 years so that would be just a simple 5 years straight line depreciation going forward. On the question of the royalties; we are in a process in 2006, those getting new royalty contracts with various parties. 2006 is very, is a period in which we began to see some of those 10-year licenses that we had back in the mid 90s beginning to come up from the middle. And so some will be expiring, some are already be replaced, renewed some new people are already signing-on, so we are expect to see, royalties continuing to be a reliable incomes during first in 2006 and beyond, it probably wouldnt be appropriate for me to comment as to, what amounts that we might see on that, because as we go into 2006 weve had a negotiations with various people who may see certain catch up adjustments and so on for some of them may expire last for a quarter or two before they get renewed. But thats the pattern, which I look in at 2006, again you keep in mind that royalties, the total TI has dropped down roughly 5% on the over now, such its really not quite as big as component is about to last for us.
Q - Mark Edelstone: Is there risk in Kevin, at least as you go through some of the quarters this year, that the royalty income in April quarter is lower than what it was in 2005?
A - Kevin March: This considerable something, a kind of particular quarter, we could see a shift like that, if we anticipate some like that Mark, well make it clear to, at our guidance whats happening, right now I have nothing like that, that I would offer to you work into your models or anything.
Q - Mark Edelstone: Okay, thank you.
A - Ron Slaymaker: And I would just add the reasons maybe different but frankly Mark, as you are well aware, if you go through the history of our royalties theyve always, I mean, there are lot of factors there including, licenses revenues, any catch ups, things like that. Those numbers have tended to move around pretty much quarter-to-quarter anyway, I know for example, I think it was a second to third quarter last year we had something like a $50 million transition, so all I am saying is historically those numbers have moved around a lot. Okay, lets move to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Chris Caso of Friedman Billing.
Q - Chris Caso: Yes, hi, thanks. Guys with your high performance analog segment, typically with some of the other guidance in the high performance segment, they show a pretty strong first quarter, as the industrial market tends to kick in, naturally the profile of your businesses is that something that you guys are expecting as well as far as the HPA group in the first quarter?
A - Ron Slaymaker: I think what without the specific our expectations, I think you can expect that in general PICs new pattern on high performance analog will be very closely aligned with what you see from up three primary competitors in that space.
Q - Chris Caso: Okay fair enough. And as far as some delinquencies, you guys have been talking about, could you give some clarity as, with respect to what segments the delinquencies around and they kind of pretty much broad along the product line or they concentrated in the catalog business and then more specifically are, are the delinquencies in Wireless business as well.
A - Kevin March: Chris, I would say that they are pretty broad based; they included the catalog area, the include some of the big verticals and including Wireless, and so it was quite a bit across the Board, this assembly test bottom lines that weve been experiencing, was not favoring any one particular product family as we did expand it in inside TI would tell you they are suffering from the same line of constraint.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Okay thank you thank you Chris, lets move to the next caller please
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tim Luke of Lehman Brothers. Tim, your line is currently barred. Our next question is coming from Michael McConnell of Pacific Crest.
Q - Michael McConnell: Thank you, question on the bottleneck in assembly and test, I was curious if this caused some revisions in the supply chain, and with respect to some of your partners.
A - Ron Slaymaker: I am not sure Michael what you mean the revisions with our partners.
Q - Michael McConnell: Well you have a bottleneck; I was looking at from the wafer standpoint, just with respect to Q1 from your forecast, is going to be your partners, if this, with this bottleneck, if you had to make some revisions to some of your suppliers.
A - Kevin March: No, if you talk about our, our wafer suppliers, the answer is no, if you are talking about some of our assembly and test equipment suppliers. We certainly are trying to prioritize some of them to help us to leave those and in part of thats just a logistic challenge, were trying to bring the various parts together for example, of tester, with the right handlers. So that we can actually brings those to the line at the same time, and run product through that. If those kinds of logistical challenges that we have in the balance are really only a few days off but, if not costs us only before that was delinquencies miss revenue opportunities.
Q - Michael McConnell: Okay and then would just, maybe this is for Ron, just Ron if you kind of characterize Q1 time what you are seeing, in the Wireless and handset customers in general, seasonality if it just seems to be normal seasonal and make some characterizations between demand both at the high-end relative to low end please?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Michael weve really dont break down our outlook into all the various sub business below the semiconductor segment level. So let me leave my statements I made them as they applied to the semiconductor business overall suppose to breaking it down into wireless or various settlements below that.
Q - Michael McConnell: Okay thank you.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Thank you Michael, next caller please.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is coming from Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch.
Q - Joseph Osha: Well, I made it. My question on Wireless was already asked in terms of the profit sharing toward 2006, Kevin can you give me a census that how thats going to work.
A - Kevin March: Yeah Joe, its going to work same like in 2005. Were called to re modify the formula coming in at 2005 so that is purely a function of operating margin, where as previously function of both operating margin and revenue growth rates. So we saw that the reduce done significantly on a year-over-year basis into 05 and really its moving to self out and kick it out that it was middle of the pricing relates like it was in the past. So we would expect that going into 2006, I dont have a dollar value or present value for the work in there but, well on the same sort of trend that you seen out operating margins running on.
Q - Joseph Osha: As the further rate change the dollar and how, how the rate calculated taking the option expensing into the account?
A - Ron Slaymaker: The option expensing run through, the operating margins so those depress, if you go over our profit sharing complication.
Q - Joseph Osha: All right thus the implication and we might see perhaps smaller impact here this year than we have in past is result of that?
A - Kevin March: Are you assuming our operating margins decline as result of the stock-based compensation meaning 06 in total compare to 05 in total?
Q - Joseph Osha: Well, I do know yet but I have been certainly they tend to have to a depression and you factorize two points revenue?
A - Kevin March: Sure, so to that extent it was, but to the extent that operating margin is higher including stock base compensation of expensive in 06 than operating as we reported in 05 with half year stock base compensation expenses profit sharing will go up a little bit.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Joe let me just reminded you on that. So its not to forget look with the depreciation drop as much as it is and year-to-year basis that will also list as a positive impact on operating margin.
Q - Joseph Osha: As the year progresses, yeah.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Right.
Q - Joseph Osha: Okay, and then just very quickly Ron, to return to the, wireless did you say earlier on that you are thinking 3G revenue could double in dollar terms this year as you said?
A - Ron Slaymaker: You know its actually I think what I said was we believe and I think both analysts are forecasting that segment in the marketplace that double the WCDMA handset will double again 06. So roughly going from about 50 million units 05 to about 100 million units in 06 and Ill say our expectation in terms of our own market share is that we hold it, we dont, we hold it if we dont need to expand it in 06. So, of course we have the pricing that offsets some like unit growth, but we think itll be a nice growth engine for us again in 06.
Q - Joseph Osha: Okay one just a follow on that then Ill go away. Are you able to give me a senses to have the ads process reverse fees baseband that, it my progress that I remember you are showing this turnaround I think showing your that mix might a been quickly go upward?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Sure, if you look at OMAP revenue last year was about 55% of 3G revenue 45% been modems
Q - Joseph Osha: And thats 05 you are referring to?
A - Ron Slaymaker: In 05 and what I said was the modem units tripled, the OMAP units doubled so, that will always give you some data points data about make your own assumption and they extrapolate into in 06. The modem shipments have been increasing faster than the OMAP shipments in 05
Q - Joseph Osha: Understood. Thank you very much.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Thank you, Joe. Next caller please.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is coming from Tim Luke of Lehman Brothers.
Q - Tim Luke: Ron can you hear me.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Yes we can go ahead Tim.
Q - Tim Luke: Apologies, earlier. With respect to the mix in wireless, is it fair to say that these are yield perception going into the quarter that the WCDMA market may have strengthened. Or that largely as you thought it would be and maybe how do you see it, in the first quarter. And I would also wondering, with respect to the challenges in assembly and test, what they most felt by wireless relative to HPA such that the sequential growth rate would have been similar to HPA, was that not really a factor, I had a brief follow-up?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Okay on the later Ill see not really a factor, wireless got hit little bit actually HPA has it done, probably there its more related to die bank inventory as opposed to assembly test but, both were of course somewhat constrained in the quarter, probably the only area that really came out of the quarter, clean without such constraints for all would be DLP. The mix of Wireless Tim, I have to tell you, if I just go through the, the quarter of, Wireless overall a bit probably little better than what we expected in October, it was little under what we expect to that the mid quarter update, first week of December and the reason it will wonder was because of the assembly test constraints that Kevin described. As to the mix turn out you know
Q - Tim Luke: How did this finished, how did this finished that you came how was in the mid quarter?
A - Ron Slaymaker: I didnt understand what you just asked Tim, could you repeat it?
Q - Tim Luke: How, you mentioned how the, you was at the mid quarter updated with the little softer than expectation to the assembly and test?
A - Ron Slaymaker: No, no. What I was trying to indicate was how its finished was a little softer then what we expected in the mid quarter, we took mid quarter Wireless expectation was up from October and then we landed somewhere in between the 2 and the reason is softened up just as we described already we didnt bring assembly test capacity on, at the pace that we expected, during the month of December. But I dont have any color for you on the mix of 3G versus low end versus what we would expect to come in into, end of the quarter.
Q - Tim Luke: And lastly just as a follow up, as you have, could you give any commentary on the progress with respect to the development of your merchant solutions for the WCDMA market and any assessment of opportunity maybe opening up to you as some other struggle to move rapidly to 1965 and what, OEM opportunity is that might open up with, opportunity is very high pride of our customers?
A - Ron Slaymaker: Okay certainly I, youre asking a really good question and on probably not going to be able to provide you as much clarity as you would like but I will say our progress is very god and for the rest of the, on the phone were talking about the, the WCDMA product that TI developing conjunction with the MTV DoCoMo weve got, base band product weve got a and then the graded OMAP II processor with the, with the UMTS baseband and those are merchant market solutions that we install to other handset vendors and service providers throughout the world. So what I say is our progress is very good but at the same time I dont have a specific customer engagements to be able to discuss and, frankly I wouldnt, I wouldnt suggest you hold your breath waiting for that, because generally we dont block of such engagements into the customers are ready to deploy their products, so there nay be a better time before you here specifics on who are engaged with. Kevin, I think you had a comment to make.
A - Kevin March: Yeah, Tim on your earlier question about that the delinquencies and how it mixed to across the business and had impact of the business, obviously we didnt come in and we didnt deliver the revenue that we had expected at the mid quarter update and it makes it almost internally attributable to the fact that we have these delinquencies that weve seen with the bottlenecks that weve been describing. I think its fair to need a, to be with the, our wireless revenue been kind of the bottom filled with our total summer revenues that there are biggest vertical that in fact that was pretty close to the kind of delinquencies that we had, missed opportunities that we have in Wireless if you will, because of the bottleneck problems so in fact we would assume more revenue in Wireless as well as HPA and some of the others that Ron talked about a little bit, a few months ago, but you could, you could pretty much telling about that would be a similar ratio to what our total Wireless revenues are for semiconductor.
A - Ron Slaymaker: Okay and I, and I realize we have a long queue of a caller still waiting at questions, but operator lets take one last caller and then we will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you our final question coming from Tristan Gerra of Robert W. Baird.
Q - Tristan Gerra: Can you help us quantify the expected impact of your single chip solution for low end sounds all those six revenues what percentage of revenues can get this generate by yearend?
A - Kevin March: Chris, now have a specific number for you but certainly we expect that single chip solution to go a long way towards expending our leadership in that, that low price segment of the market, we already have better market position in low price segment then we have in the market overall and, frankly a lot of, even our current position is based on, is not just the fact that we have really good products and price points already that were introducing but the roadmap that we are providing those customers with that platforms evolution over to single chip and so, let me those, make quick note that, that single chip technology will also be extended out, not to just drop the low price segment of the market, we will think that, that technology, all up and down our product line to a growth rate ramp even, even UMTS. The concept of lower price solution and the benefit that come along with integrating, a digital radio with a baseband and some of the other analog technology in full CMOS implementation, its not just going to be felt by the low price segment of the market. So you will see initially in 06 in handsets we would expect for low price segment for year also, we just stay tuned for products announcement were you are see that moving into other technologys for the handset vendors as well. Do you have quick follow up Christine?
Q - Tristan Gerra: In terms of the DLP pricing any unusual trends lately and whats your expectation on the DLP pricing in 06 as the TV price points continue to decline any, any variation from the, the normal decline that youve seen or you expect to see similar trends in 05.
A - Ron Slaymaker: I would say generally some of our trans Christine, its, in our interest to continue bring DLP the light engine, the chipset that we provide as well as to work with our sister suppliers to bring the cost of that light engine down so that television pricing can continue down, so that we continue to benefit from the price elasticity of that market, that being said, its no secret that there is a lot of price competitions from other technology out theres, such as LCD, such as PDT and yet we also feel very confident that, with CLPV base point semiconductor technology and all that coming normal learning that in cost learning that weve got a lot of experience and in implying to that technology, will be able to do quite well with DLP in terms of addressing those price points. Okay and with that, we are going to need to wrap up. Tristan thank you for your, for your question. Before we end the call, let me remind you that the replay is available on our website. Thank you and good evening.
