===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the UHS 2025 Conference Call here. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would like to now hand the conference over today's speaker, Steve Filton, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Steve Filton: Good morning. Thank you. Marc Miller is also joining us this morning. We both welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2025. During the conference call, we'll be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend the careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $4.80 for the first quarter of 2025. After adjusting for the impact of the items reflected on the supplemental schedule, as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $4.84 for the quarter ended March 31, 2025. During the first quarter of 2025, on a same facility basis, adjusted admissions to our acute care hospitals increased 2.4% over the first quarter of the prior year. Same facility net revenues in our acute care hospital segment increased by 5.0% during the first quarter of 2025 as compared to last year's first quarter after excluding the impact of our insurance subsidiary. Meanwhile, operating expenses continued to be well managed. Other operating expenses on a same facility basis increased by 2.6% over last year's first quarter after excluding the impact of our insurance subsidiary. For the first quarter of 2025, our solid acute care revenues, combined with effective expense controls, resulted in a 21% increase in EBITDA after excluding the impact of Medicaid supplemental payments. During the first quarter of 2025, same-facility net revenues at our behavioral health hospitals increased by 5.5%, driven by a 5.8% increase in revenue per adjusted day. Adjusted patient days were relatively flat compared to the prior year quarter. The year-over-year patient day growth comparison was negatively impacted by the extra leap day in 2024 and challenging winter weather conditions experienced this year, early in the first quarter in certain markets. We did experience a reacceleration of patient day growth in March. Our cash generated from operating activities decreased from $396 million during the first quarter of 2024 to $360 million this year due in part to delays in receipt of funds in connection with certain Medicaid supplemental payments in various states. We did receive $82 million of payments related to the Nevada supplemental program in April that were related to revenues recorded in the first quarter. In the first quarter of 2025, we spent $239 million on capital expenditures and acquired 1 million of our own shares at a cost of approximately $181 million. Since January 2019, we have repurchased approximately 30.3 million shares, representing 33% of our shares outstanding as of that date. As of March 31, 2025, we had $1.02 billion of aggregate available borrowing capacity pursuant to our $1.3 billion revolving credit facility. I will now turn the call over to Marc Miller, President and CEO, for closing comments.
Marc Miller: Thank you, Steve. We are pleased with our first quarter operating results which on a consolidated basis exceeded our internal expectations. We were particularly encouraged by the control of our operating expenses in both business segments. Our first quarter operating results exclude any supplemental Medicaid revenues in Tennessee and the District of Colombia. Pending CMS approval of these new programs. For programs that were originally approved in previous years, we have continued to record those revenues under the assumption that programs will be reapproved. As these programs have been a recent focal point, I believe it is worth reminding people that these are federally authorized and state-approved programs in place for many years and they are designed to allow providers who have been historically underpaid by Medicaid to provide quality care to over 70 million Medicaid recipients nationally. Even where these programs exist, our net Medicaid reimbursement generally remains below both average commercial and Medicare reimbursement. West Henderson Hospital in Las Vegas opened in late 2024 and posted a modestly positive EBITDA in the first quarter. Cedar Hill Regional Medical Center in Washington, D.C. opened recently and has experienced strong demand for its emergency room services from the outset. While we acknowledge a great deal of uncertainty in our external operating environment, we feel confident in our underlying businesses and based on current reimbursement and operating cost levels reiterate our full year earnings guidance. We're pleased to answer questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Justin Lake of Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: I wanted to focus on the behavioral side, Steve. I know you talked about leap year; you talked about weather, especially earlier in the year. Maybe you could give us an idea of what you saw in March, given weather would have been past you, the leap year impact would have been past you. So how did March volume, maybe even early April volume look? And any update on the full year guidance in terms of your thoughts around behavioral volume we should be assuming for the year?
Steve Filton: Yes. So our full year guidance that we presented in late February presumed behavioral patient day revenue growth of 2.5% to 3%. And we believe that is still a reasonable target and that remains our embedded target for our guidance. We accelerated from our sort of more muted flattish level, maybe even negative levels in January and February, I didn't quite get to the 2.5% to 3% target in March. But feel like it was indicative of the fact that weather had kind of muted our volumes in -- for 5 or 6 weeks in January and February. April is a little bit hard to say because obviously, we had Easter and Spring break in April but it feels like recent volumes, again, give us confidence that, that 2.5% to 3% should be achievable for the full year.
Justin Lake: Got it. And then maybe, Marc, you could just on the DPP side, it was good to hear that the things kind of started up again in Nevada. Any other states that you're kind of focused on in terms of where you're expecting to hear soon and any kind of updates beyond Nevada?
Marc Miller: Yes, I just think it's Washington, D.C. and Tennessee.
Steve Filton: And Tennessee. In both cases, the state of Tennessee and the District of Columbia advise, not just us but their hospital community that they continue to expect approval, that's the message they get from the folks they deal with at CMS. Obviously, timing is still somewhat up in the air. But again, kind of as your question alludes to, Justin, we're encouraged that after a -- would seem like a full pause in any new approvals or re-approvals by the Trump administration after they took office; a number of programs have been reapproved and there even have been a couple of new programs, not -- none that affect us but the new programs have been approved. So, it feels to us like that process has sort of been resurrected or restarted and we view that as a hopeful sign. And again, most importantly, for us, the Nevada program was reapproved. And as I noted in my remarks, we were actually paid for the first quarter revenues in April.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sarah James of Cantor Fitzgerald.
Sarah James: I just wanted to follow-up on Justin's question a little bit. So if you're still at 2.5% to 3% on behavioral volumes for the year, I think that implies a step up for the rest of the year that is above the guide range or above the high end of the guide range? Is it the right way to think about it?
Steve Filton: Yes. Mathematically, I think that's correct, Sarah.
Sarah James: Okay, got it. And then the Nevada DPP that came in from the quarter, how many months was that related to? Because I think it was approved in April. So should we think about that as 4 months? And if so, are you running a little bit ahead on your DPP guide for the year?
Steve Filton: Yes. So no, that was just the first quarter payment that $82 million, I will remind people is the gross payment that we get from the state. It's not net of our provider taxes. We've continued to pay the taxes on a regular basis. So we paid our taxes in Nevada in the first quarter. That growth amount that we received, the $82 million is in April related to the first quarter. But I think to your confusion, as you're thinking, if you annualize that $82 million, it's a lot more than the net benefit that we described and it's because it doesn't include the provider tax element.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Mok of Barclays.
Andrew Mok: Question on Tariff. Can you help us understand what actions you're taking now to prepare for potential tariffs? And what your GPO has communicated to you thus far?
Steve Filton: Yes. So first of all, I'll reiterate, I think at least one of our peer companies talked about from a tariff perspective, just sort of framing the issue. I think they said that they estimate about 60% of their supply chain purchases are sourced in the U.S. and Canada and Mexico. So at the moment are not subject to tariffs, another 15% are pharmaceuticals which are also at the moment, not subject to tariffs. So at the moment and I would say our numbers, we guesstimate are roughly the same. About 3/4 of our supply chain purchases are insulated from tariffs. The way we're I think protecting ourselves or actively sort of dealing with the issue is we do find some vendors who have fixed contractual prices with us have started to include things like fees or segments or I'm not even sure how to describe them on their invoices, we've been sort of ignoring those, etcetera, because I think we believe they're not part of the contract. We continue to monitor any vendors who would tell us that they're considering cancellation of contracts or they're finding availability of products, problematic. We're not really getting any of that feedback yet but certainly preparing if we do for alternatives -- other sourcing alternatives, other pricing alternatives, etcetera. But at the moment, it feels like there's not a great deal of pressure, again, in large part because I think a good chunk of our supplies are insulated from tariff impact at the moment.
Andrew Mok: Got it. And maybe just a follow-up on the behavioral side. Maybe weather aside, are you seeing any changes in your behavioral referral patterns or willingness of JV partners to work with UHS.
Steve Filton: No, I don't think so. I know you said weather aside but I would just make the comment about weather. And we talked about this, I think, on the year-end earnings call, the weather that we're talking about winter weather was in places that I think doesn't -- don't normally experience winter weather and more in the central part of the country, Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Arkansas and the challenge, I think, is twofold for us from a winter weather perspective in those places. Number one, schools are closed. And I think I remember that, I believe in February in a number of our Virginia facilities, schools are supposed to be open, I think, for 19 days that month and we're only open for 11. And so that has a big impact on our child and adolescent population and admissions in our child and adolescent population. And the other thing that the weather impacts is our outpatient programs. Obviously, from an inpatient perspective, we may lose admissions over a 2- or 3- or 4-day period if the weather is bad but we obviously continue to treat the patients that we have. But our outpatient program is pretty much closed down during those days where it's difficult for people to travel and they can't clear the roads, etcetera. So we really see an outsized impact on our outpatient and our child and adolescent business when we experience those winter conditions. Other than that, no. And your question about are we seeing really any sort of structural changes in our referral patterns or willingness of referral sources to send those patients? The answer to that is no which is really why I think ultimately, we remain confident that we should be able to reach that 2.5%, 3% target that we set originally.
Operator: So our next question comes from the line of Ben Hendrix of RBC Capital Markets.
Ben Hendrix: Just following up on that last question, moving to the rate side, the strong 7.2% rate growth there. Just wanted to -- I imagine there's some payer mix dynamics there with redetermination? And then -- but just wanted to also get any other observations you have on payer mix changes, or any case mix developments in the behavioral side there driving that rate growth? And also when do you expect that to, I guess, normalize out to a more long-term steady-state growth rate?
Steve Filton: Yes. So our revenue per adjusted day on a same-store basis, I think as we disclosed on that -- in our opening comments, was 5.8%. I think, again, our guidance for the year was in the 4% to 5% range. So we continue to -- and that 4% to 5% certainly would be a moderation of the rates that we've been getting over the last several years. And I think most of that is not necessarily kind of payer mix or redetermination impact, etcetera, the things that you mentioned. But just generally better contractual pricing that we've been getting, particularly from our managed Medicaid payers. That number has been moderating some over the last several years. I think partly because as we get those prices and we start to anniversary the impact, it's not as significant. I also think that as capacity increases in the behavioral industry in general. It diminishes a little bit of our leverage over the payers who, I think, right now have to deal with a scarcity of capacity, particularly innovation capacity where they can send their patients. So again, I think the pattern that we're seeing in terms of strong behavioral pricing is one that we've been seeing for some time. It has moderated a little bit. It is moderating more slowly than maybe we originally anticipated and that our guidance presumed. And I think we would presume that, that would continue to be the case. So as volumes recover as the year goes on, hopefully, we can -- if we're short of the 2.5% to 3% target for any period of time, hopefully, our pricing will offset that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Baxter of Wells Fargo.
Stephen Baxter: Just wanted to ask more of a philosophical question on the Medicaid supplemental payment programs. Obviously, we don't know what the ultimate outcome is going to be from a legislative regulatory point of view here but it does seem like we could be living in a world where there's like a significant restriction at a minimum in your ability to grow this economic earnings stream going forward. I know that this has only served to kind of improve your Medicaid reimbursement to maybe more sustainable levels versus actually make money. But as we think about your P&L leverage to supplemental programs, I mean, how should we think about a world where maybe that is a more fixed stream going forward, your ability as a company to still kind of deliver the type of same-store revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth rates that you've targeted historically?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, look, I think honestly, we're already in that world. I mean, I think, as you know, in our 10-K, we present a very detailed disclosure on Medicaid supplemental payments. And our projected Medicaid supplemental payments for 2025, we're already generally flattish with what they were in 2024. So we certainly are not counting on growth in those programs. And it's certainly possible that we will see some deceleration in those supplemental payments or in other Medicaid reimbursement. And I think what that really means ultimately is the way we're going to grow the behavioral business in the intermediate and long term is with more volume growth. And that's why it is -- we acknowledge it's important that we get to that 2.5% to 3% target patient day target because ultimately, we think going forward, our Medicaid rates in particular are likely to be impacted by legislative action. Travis, I think we can go to the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Benjamin Rossi of JPMorgan.
Benjamin Rossi: So how would you describe, I guess, patient utilization activity during 1Q across acute. And then when parsing those volumes up by payer, how do you frame growth between maybe your traditional managed care book versus your ACA exchange-related volumes. Just curious if you've seen any variation at the regional level for states where enrollment has been faster like Texas or Florida versus the state like Nevada, where it might be less pronounced?
Steve Filton: Yes. I don't -- so I think specifically your question about exchange utilization, again, I think one of our peers talked about the fact that their exchange volumes were up 20% or so in the first quarter over last year's first quarter. I think we saw a similar increase. Again, these are relatively small numbers on an absolute basis. I think about -- for us, at least, exchange or patients with exchange coverage represent about 6% of our adjusted admissions in our acute care space. That's a little bit of an increase over what we were running. And if that utilization is coming from anywhere, I think it's probably our Medicaid utilization is probably not growing as fast and that's probably what's generating most of that exchange increase. But overall, I don't think that patient mix is affecting our pricing or our profitability in any significant way.
Benjamin Rossi: Got it. And then just as a clarification. On the Medicaid taxes, you said you received the payments in April. Did your 1Q other operating expenses contain those related Nevada Medicaid taxes? Or is that a 2Q item?
Steve Filton: No. The point that I was trying to make to Sarah before was we continue to pay the provider taxes on a regular basis. So our first quarter provider taxes were in our numbers even though, again, the revenue was in there as well. It's just that the cash was not.
Operator: So our next question comes from the line of Joshua Raskin of Nephron Research.
Joshua Raskin: Just back on the behavior. I'm curious on demand trends outside of weather and some of these other temporal effects. Are you seeing any differences in demand by acuity sort of demand for specific services. And then just a quick follow-up on West Henderson. I know it's very early there but I'm just curious how you're seeing competitive dynamics impacted in the market and maybe just a comment on your other facilities there as well.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I'll answer the West Henderson question first and come back to behavioral. Yes, I mean we're very encouraged by our West Henderson results for a hospital basically in its first full quarter being open to have a positive EBITDA really is extraordinary. There's a little bit of cannibalization from our existing hospitals and we thought about this in our year-end call. So I would suggest that a little bit of our same-store adjusted admission metrics, a little bit our same-store profitability is sort of muted by the fact that there's been a bit of cannibalization, although I don't think it's terribly significant. But just generally pleased. And that's -- honestly, while I think this is better than we even expected, the whole reason we built West Henderson and invested in this project is we think that it's a growing part of the Las Vegas market. It would -- the demand would be there. It has been. And I think we think West Henderson will continue to grow at a brisk pace. We're very encouraged by the early results. As far as your behavioral questions and really sort of if demand has changed, no. And again, I think we've said the same thing really for the last several years which is measured both by sort of macro kind of data that industry-wide data that tracks behavioral demand across a variety of diagnoses and services. I think generally, that has been strong in our own sort of micro data which is our inbound activity of calls and Internet inquiries, etcetera, continues to be quite strong. And so the challenge is, do we have the physical capacity to meet those demands, do we have the labor force to meet those demands. I think those situations have improved in the last several years but can still be challenging in some markets. We also acknowledge there is more competition in some markets. But again, I'll sort of go back to what I said before. I think because the demand remains strong, because the labor market has stabilized, etcetera. I do think we have the view that 2.5% to 3% patient day growth target is still a very achievable target.
Operator: So our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: On the acute business, can you talk about any trends that set out just from an acuity perspective? And then outside of volume growth, any levers there that you're looking to potentially pull to continue to improve margins in that segment?
Steve Filton: Yes. So from an acuity perspective, I would say acuity was muted a little bit in Q1 by the busier flu season. So we had on a sort of a relative percentage basis, more medical patients than surgical or procedural patients in Q1 because of the busy flu season. I think that will normalize as the year goes on. But our acuity as measured by our CMI, actually was still relatively strong in Q1 which I think suggests that the procedural business that we did have was still pretty solid and relatively high acuity business. And obviously, I think after the first quarter, even in March, we saw flu volumes declined dramatically as you would expect. And so I think as the year goes on, I think it's fair to expect acuity will grow a little bit.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then just as a follow-up on just capital deployment, updated thoughts on just kind of CapEx plans for this year versus buybacks and how you're approaching that?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, our original guidance was for, I think, $800 million to $1 billion of CapEx. We had $240 million in Q1, a little bit high in Q1 because we still had some costs flowing over from West Henderson. We still have some other whole hospital projects ongoing. So yes, I mean, I think we're on track to be in that range as we suggested. I think our share repurchase guidance for the year was in the $600 million range. We had $180 million in the first quarter. So we're tracking a little bit above that; we'll see. But I think as long as there continues to be some level of uncertainty and softness in the market and our share price, I suspect we'll continue to be an active acquirer of our shares.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Gillmor of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matthew Gillmor: I wanted to ask about the expense management topic. Any areas of particular outperformance to call out and sort of how you're feeling about the sustainability of that? And I was particularly interested in the premium labor costs. I think they've been running $60 million per quarter. Just kind of curious whether that's running through the early part of '25?
Steve Filton: Yes. So as to premium pay, premium pay in the quarter was, I think, $63 million which I think as you suggest Matthew, is we've been running in the low 60s. So pretty consistent. Yes, I think the operating expense controls which really have been present now for several quarters are really a reflection of a few different things. I think as the labor markets have settled out, obviously, premium pay, use of temporary labor has declined and reached kind of a steadier level. I think wage inflation has certainly decelerated from the heights that it had reached during the pandemic. That's certainly helpful. It limits the amount of sign-on bonuses and recruitment bonuses and things that we have to pay in order to attract talent. I also think and we've talked about this on previous calls, we've been more actively managing productivity and appropriate staffing levels, etcetera, post pandemic because there isn't nearly as much competition for labor. It's still a pretty tight labor market but not nearly as tight as it was at the height of the pandemics. So it's allowed us to go back to some of the blocking and tackling mechanisms that I think we paused during the pandemic because there was such a lack of staff. So I think again, our operating expenses in both business segments really look positive. And I think they should remain so. Obviously, we've talked about some of these exogenous pressures, mainly tariffs and obviously, that's difficult for us to predict. But I think in terms of the things we can control, we think that these expense levels and expense controls are certainly sustainable.
Matthew Gillmor: And then, Steve, a quick follow-up on the Medicaid supplementals. We all appreciate the level of disclosure you provide. In terms of the expectation for 2025, are you still expecting $997 million from the last disclosure? Or is that number changed at all?
Steve Filton: Yes. So we're still compiling that for our first quarter 10-Q but I would suggest that, that number has not changed in any material way.
Operator: So our next question comes from the line of Michael Ha of Baird.
Michael Ha: I just want to follow-up on Sarah's question on behavioral health volume cadence for the rest of the year. It is a pretty big implied step up. So I was wondering if you could elaborate more on cadence, quarterly cadence. Are we talking an immediate large step-up in 2Q or is something more modest and then larger step-ups in 3Q, 4Q? And maybe specifically as it relates to the 3 big headwinds that impacted volumes last year, how much of that is still redeterminations, labor constraints, those handful of sites. What's the latest update on those? I presume maybe labor is still ongoing but have we now fully stepped over the other 2 headwinds. Trying to get a better sense on just falling recovery over the balance of the year.
Steve Filton: Yes. So Michael, honestly, I think you kind of asked and answered your own question. I mean, I think of the 3 that we have talked about historically, the only one that is persistent I think is labor. The labor scarcity has certainly improved from, again, when it was really, really extreme during the height of the pandemic but it's still a tight labor market and we still compete in various markets or find the competition for a variety of kind of staff levels, whether that's nurses or therapists or mental health technicians to be problematic in certain markets and in certain markets, I do think it creates kind of a cap on our volumes. But I don't think that's getting worse. And I think we continue to make progress there. I'll make the point that I think a big muting factor in Q1 is simply the leap day comparison that probably has about 100 -- a little over 100 basis point impact. Obviously, that's something that we know over the year will -- the impact will diminish. And I think we always assume that the 2.5% to 3% for the year took into account the one leap day for the year. So that will get -- that comparison will not be as difficult as the year goes on. Yes, I'm not going to make a comment about exactly where we're likely to wind up in Q2. Again, just to repeat what I said now a number of times which is the original guidance of 2.5% to 3% for the year is something we think we can achieve. We acknowledge that it requires a step-up from where we were in Q1.
Michael Ha: And just one more question about California and Florida proposal. I think they already submitted filed the CMS to raise the DPP payments to average commercial rates. Just any update there? I know historically, I think about 6 months for approval but there might have been a bit of a moratorium just given the new administration. But also, Steve, you mentioned a lot of DPP programs that were paused are now being resurrected. So curious on those 2. And also maybe more broadly, given this administration's focus on budget, Medicaid, provider taxes, whether you think future proposals to raise DPP to average commercial rates might have maybe less likelihood of being passed over the next few years.
Steve Filton: Yes. So it feels, Michael, like this is really kind of a 2-track process at the moment in that there are new programs being submitted. There are new programs that have been submitted in our case, Tennessee, or in [indiscernible] Tennessee and D.C. that are being considered by CMS. And the impression that we have, again, as your question alluded to, is that there was sort of a pause as the administration changed and the policymakers and CMS changed. But it feels like the administrative process of reviewing and approving these programs has sort of been restarted. And again, forget about what we're saying, I think what the states who have submitted these programs are saying is that they expect that they're going to go through the normal process, be approved in the normal course, etcetera. That's separate and apart from any legislative action that the House and Senate may take to limit these programs in the future, etcetera. So again, I think we're viewing this separately. We think the Tennessee and D.C. programs based on the feedback we get from those respective governments are likely to be approved at some point. I think it's difficult to predict. California and Florida have just been submitted. I think it's even more difficult to predict what the timing of that would be. But that, I think, is separate and part then from whatever legislative action may impact those supplemental programs going forward.
Operator: So our next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering of Deutsche Bank.
Pito Chickering: I guess the first one here is can you guys sort of talk about the settlement of the Pavilion case and remind us how much commercial insurance you have for the lawsuits and what is the timing of the Cumberland case?
Steve Filton: Yes. So as we disclosed in the press release, we have a tentative settlement in the Pavilion case. It is limited by -- the disclosure is limited by confidentiality. It also requires approval of the court which we think probably is not coming until next month. And when we get that approval in our next filing, we'll disclose how much insurance is still remaining. But I will say at this point, there is still substantial if this settlement is approved, there will still be substantial commercial insurance for the 2020 year remaining. And that's important because the Cumberland cases that you also referenced are 2020 cases. But we'll give those details once the settlement is approved by the court. As far as the timing of the Cumberland cases, they've moved -- the 3 cases have been adjudicated are moving slowly. We have not gotten rulings even on the post-trial motions, let alone any appeals, etcetera. None of the other cases have been tried. So it's moving quite slowly from the perspective of those cases.
Pito Chickering: All right. Great. And then, a follow-up here. The acute hospital segment saw 110 basis point improvement in supply costs. How much of that leverage is due to just the flu and lower surgical volumes? How much is just actually due to better supply management? And how should we be thinking about supply leverage in 2025 as surgical volumes come back?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean I think our original guidance for the year presumed a relatively modest inflation rate for supply expense increases in the sort of 2.5%, 3%, 3.5% range. We did obviously better than that in Q1. I think some of that, as your question suggests, is that mix of patients, more medical, more respiratory, less procedural. So that by its nature, medical cases tend to have less of a supply component than procedural cases. I would think for the year, again, something in that sort of modest inflationary expense is the way that I would think about supply expense growth, although to be fair to both our operators and our supply chain professionals. I think we're doing a good job from a contractual pricing standpoint and product replacements to cheaper products, etcetera. So, some of that positive supply results are from active management on our part.
Operator: So our next question comes from the line of Ryan Langston of TD Cowen.
Ryan Langston: Can you tell us how physician fee expense growth ended up in the first quarter, both from a year-over-year perspective and versus your internal expectations?
Steve Filton: So we said in our original guidance that professional fees broadly and then the physician expenses that you're talking about will simply increase by, again, an expected inflation rate, 5%, something like that. And that is certainly the way that we're tracking. We see some amount of pressure, meaning requests from physicians for either accelerated or increased or new fees. But I think we're dealing with that and our general expectation is that we should be able to control those professional fees and physician expense to or limit it to just some overall inflationary increase.
Ryan Langston: Got it. And then just lastly, I'm sorry if I missed it but can you parse out the impact from the higher flu and respiratory season we saw in the first quarter?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean -- so the easy part is, I think we would suggest that there was probably something less than $10 million, maybe $7 million or $8 million of incremental profits from the -- what we would describe as sort of excess flu cases for the number of flu cases this year in excess of last year. What's harder to do is kind of calculate any sort of kind of crowd out effect. Procedural cases, I think, were somewhat softer, as I think a number of our peers have suggested as well, whether that was due directly to the flu season or not, hard to say. But I think we have always had a position that the flu tends to have a relatively immaterial impact on results, both positive and negative, meaning during a busy flu season which this was or not busy flu season. And I don't think this quarter was any different. The one other item I'd add just to clarify is while the flu was, I think if you -- there are these maps that show flu activity around the country. And while generally, flu activity was much higher just about everywhere. Nevada is one of the few states that had a very light flu season. So in our biggest acute care market, I don't think we had much of an impact from the flu season.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joanna Gajuk of Bank of America Securities.
Joanna Gajuk: So maybe just switching gears a little bit to pricing. So first, can you talk about commercial rate updates you're seeing, I guess, this year for future, have you noticed any change in managed care contracting terms? And maybe any change from plans in terms of just how aggressive they are or how willing they are to respond to your request given they see higher costs?
Steve Filton: Yes. So first of all, again, I'll just remind everybody that our overall guidance for our Acute Care segment this year was 5% to 6% same-store revenue growth split pretty evenly between price and volume, so 2.5% to 3% price, 2.5% to 3% volume, that 2.5% to 3% price assumption includes a commercial price assumption, probably the 4% to 5% range. Again, I think we're tracking those numbers. I would describe the relationship with the managed care companies as always difficult and a slog, whether that's contractual pricing negotiations or the day-to-day processing of claims and then denials and denials, appeals, etcetera. We're very focused on that. I think we've improved the number of our own internal revenue cycle functions to deal with some of the more aggressive behavior on the part of payers. But again, I think our first quarter results would suggest that we're not seeing any meaningful impact from any more aggressive behavior on the part of the payers.
Joanna Gajuk: And if I may, in your psych segment, can we talk about pricing there, too? So you alluded to the idea that you do think there could be some changes to Medicaid stock funding coming from Congress. So with that uncertainty, are states behave differently when it comes to their budgeting process when it comes to rates for psych?
Steve Filton: Yes. I don't think so. I think the reality is providers, payers, government entities, are all in this sort of uncertain environment. And I think the way most of us are behaving is as we -- whether it's negotiating contracts or the states are dictating rates, etcetera, are doing so based on the best information they have available. If that changes, their behavior may change. But I think it's very difficult for any player in the space to anticipate exactly what the changes are going to be and sort of react to them currently. So I think we all, for the most part, are dealing with the information at hand and when and if it changes, we'll adopt or adapt our behavior to that.
Joanna Gajuk: If I may squeeze a very last one, sorry if I missed it. Just to confirm, in your guidance, you still do not assume Tennessee and D.C. DPP approvals, correct?
Steve Filton: Right. So our guidance did not assume anything for Tennessee or D.C. and our results do not include anything for D.C. or Tennessee.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice of UBS.
A.J. Rice: Maybe just to go back to -- I know you've gotten asked a lot about supplemental payments. But one thing that one of your peers raised the other day that was sort of interesting is they were saying that they saw some states maybe tweaking down payment rates under the traditional Medicaid formula because they had supplemental payment programs that were offsetting it in aggregate the industry was doing okay, they felt. Are you seeing any of the states that you're in tweak the base payment rate which probably would lend some support to the discussion the industry is making about? You got to look at the total picture. But I was wondering if you're seeing any of that.
Steve Filton: Yes, A.J., I don't know that we've seen that in any sort of material way. It certainly could be on the horizon but we have not seen that in any really impactful way.
A.J. Rice: Okay. I know you were -- you guys helped out a lot by making some comments about what it might look like if you lost the enhanced subsidies on the exchange, I think your number was $40 million to $50 million for that. I don't know -- I assume there's no update on that because there's really not any new information, I don't think but I wonder because there's a lot of discussion, obviously, around the supplemental payments about the possibility of moving the provider tax limit from 6% to 5%. Have you guys looked at that? Do you have a sense of what that might mean or how to think about that?
Steve Filton: Yes, we certainly have looked at it, A.J. I don't know that any of the companies as far as I know have really estimated that impact because, in part, it's a very detailed calculation. The states are not always forthcoming in terms of all the data that we would need to make the calculation. So again, I think everybody is kind of reserving estimates until we see what the actual move might be. But yes, I mean we're certainly going through those calculations and doing our best to try and understand what the impacts could be.
A.J. Rice: Do you think most of the states once you get meaningful supplemental payments, where are they at relative to what percent of provider tax, they're getting relative to revenues of hospitals?
Steve Filton: Yes. So several of the largest states or states that are sort of most impactful to us are certainly under 6%. That would include Texas and Florida. So the impact, if legislation would go from a 6% cap to a 5% cap, the impact would be limited in those states. But again, those calculations can be pretty complicated.
Operator: So, I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would like to now turn it back to Steve Filton for closing remarks.
Steve Filton: So, I have just one quick housekeeping item. We omitted our gross revenue disclosure in the press release last night; I think we were under the impression that nobody was really using that metric. I have been disabused with that notion over the last 12 hours, a number of people have asked for it. So we filed an 8-K this morning as we normally do. Normally, it would just be a duplicate of the press release but we've included in that the gross revenue information. So people who are seeking that gross revenue data can find it in the 8-K that we filed today. Other than that, we'd just like to thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking to everybody next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the fourth quarter 2024 Universal Health Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you need to press star one one on your telephone. You will then hear an automated message advising your hand is raised. To withdraw your question, please press star one one again. Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. I would like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Steve Filton, Executive Vice President and CFO. Please go ahead.
Steve Filton: Thank you, and good morning. Marc Miller is also joining us this morning. We welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2024. During the conference call, we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecasts, projections, and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, we recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements in our form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. We would like to highlight certain developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to Universal Health Services per diluted share of $4.96 for the fourth quarter of 2024. After adjusting for the impact of the items reflecting the supplemental schedule included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to Universal Health Services per diluted share was $4.92 for the quarter ended December 31, 2024. During the fourth quarter of 2024, on a same facility basis, adjusted admissions to our acute care hospitals increased 2.2% over the fourth quarter of the prior year. Same facility net revenues in our acute care hospital segment increased by 8.7% during the fourth quarter of 2024 as compared to last year's fourth quarter, driven primarily by a 5.3% increase in net revenue per adjusted admission. Meanwhile, operating expenses continue to be well managed. The amount of premium pay in the quarter, for example, which declined from a peak of $153 million for the first quarter of 2022, was $60 million in the fourth quarter of 2024, remaining consistent with the previous two quarters. For the full year of 2024, our strong Acute Care revenues combined with effective expense controls resulted in a 13% increase in EBITDA even after excluding the growth in Medicaid supplemental payments. During the fourth quarter, same facility revenues at our behavioral health hospitals increased by 11.1% driven primarily by an 8.7% increase in revenue per adjusted patient day. Excluding the year-over-year growth in Medicaid supplemental payments, the same facility revenue increased by 7.4%.
Marc Miller: Included in our operating results during the fourth quarter of 2024 were aggregate net incremental reimbursements of approximately $50 million recorded in connection with various state supplemental Medicaid programs, including $31 million of additional net reimbursements from the Nevada state directed payment program covering the six-month period of July 1, 2024, through December 31, 2024. These net reimbursements were more than the supplemental program projections included in our earnings guidance for the full year of 2024 as revised on July 24, 2024. As a result of unfavorable trends experienced during the past several years during the fourth quarter of 2024, we recorded a $35 million increase to our reserves for self-insured professional and general liability claims. Our operating results for the full year of 2024 included a $79 million increase to our self-insured professional and liability reserves. Our cash generated from operating activities was $658 million during the fourth quarter of 2024, as compared to $452 million during the same quarter in 2023, and $2.067 billion during the full year of 2024 as compared to $1.268 billion during 2023. We spent $944 million on capital expenditures during 2024, which was consistent with our original forecast for the year. In our acute division, we opened West Henderson Hospital in Las Vegas, late in 2024 and plan to open Cedar Hill Medical Center in Washington DC, in the next few months. We forecast that these facilities will be EBITDA positive in 2025 on a combined basis. In both of our segments, we continue to invest in the expansion of our outpatient presence and the broadening of our continuum of care. For the full year of 2024, we acquired $599 million of our own shares pursuant to our share repurchase program. Since January 1, 2019, we have repurchased more than 29.2 million shares representing approximately 32% of our shares outstanding as of that date. As of December 31, 2024, we had $1.17 billion of aggregate available borrowing capacity pursuant to our $1.3 billion revolving credit facility.
Steve Filton: The core operating assumptions underlying our 2025 operating results forecast which was provided in last night's release, largely reflect the historical trends in the respective businesses with EBITDA growth in the mid-single digits. We expect continued improvement in salary and wages and general cost trends that will remain largely stable in 2025. As noted in our 10-K filed yesterday, our 2025 operating results forecast excludes any supplemental Medicaid revenues in Tennessee and the District of Columbia, pending CMS's approval of those programs. As the 10-K schedule reflects, our 2025 forecast assumes total consolidated Medicaid supplemental payments will decrease slightly as compared to 2024. We believe demand for our behavioral services remains solid. And our same facility adjusted patient day growth in 2025 and our facilities located in the US is forecasted to be in the 2.5% to 3% range. We've accelerated technology investments in our behavioral hospitals to improve patient care including electronic health record implementations, and expanded use of patient monitoring automation. We acknowledge that the current political environment has created a level of uncertainty, especially as it relates to ongoing Medicaid reimbursement. Our 2025 forecast is based on current Medicaid reimbursement projections, in connection with various programs that could be subject to change. In our acute business segment, we are pleased that 80% of our hospitals currently have an A or B U E for our rating. Well above the national average. And in our behavioral division, we saw meaningfully significant improvement in patient experience scores in 2024. We are focusing on continued improvement of these metrics in 2025. We are now pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. If you have a question or a comment at this time, please your question has been answered or you're still with yourself from the queue, please press star one one again. We will pause for a moment while we compile our Q&A roster. Our first question comes from Andrew Mok with Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Mok: Hi. Good morning. The 2025 EBITDA guidance is up 5% to 11%, which is higher than typical growth rates this despite state supplemental payments forecasted to be down year over year. I'd love to hear a little bit more color on what's driving the higher underlying growth in 2025. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Sure, Andrew. Well, I mean, there's a couple of things. I mean, number one, you know, just the core growth core EBITDA growth that Marc talked about in the two segments, I think it's being driven by a return as as he described, the sort of historical norms solid volume growth, pretty robust pricing, and and I think, you know, very effective expense control. And, you know, I think we don't have the pressures on our operating expenses that, you know, we're such a drag during the COVID years. The wage inflation, the very high use of premium pay, not necessarily related to COVID, but the I mean, the acute side, the professional fee expense pressures that we faced in 2023, etcetera. So I think you know, as as, you know, our commentary reflected in our prepared comments, we're expecting you know, a much more sort of stable operating environment outside of potentially the reimbursement changes that, you know, are are are being discussed you know, pretty at a pretty high level. In addition to that, as, you know, I think our comments indicated, you know, we incurred a significant amount of incremental amount for active expense in 2024. That we are hoping, you know, will not recur in 2025. And so that's you know, another source of upside in in the earnings. And then, you know, and and I know you were really talking about operating earnings, but from an EPS perspective, we then get a boost from a reduction in interest rate to interest expense as well as, you know, a continued reduction in our share count.
Andrew Mok: And then maybe just to follow-up, the guidance range, I think, is $127 million wide, which is higher than previous years despite better operations and visibility. So why is the range of outcomes here wider than usual and, you know, where are the puts and takes within that range? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, I think and and I I think, you know, Marc commented on this in the prepared remarks. We acknowledge that the items that are sort of beyond our control, you know, in terms of government reimbursement and potential changes, in that regard. You know, we've tried to provide some level of caution and conservatism in the guidance and that think part of that is the wider range that we've we've provided.
Andrew Mok: Great. Thank you. One moment for our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Hendrix with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ben Hendrix: Hey, great. Thank you very much. Just wanted to go back to the slide decrease in DPP that you're foreseeing for next year. There any way to parse out how much of that is just overall conservatism versus foreseeable changes in specific programs?
Steve Filton: Then I think the the main reason for the decline is as we've disclosed in each quarter, you know, during 2024, we've recognized some DPP payments that were related to prior periods. And I think that's the main reason for the decline is that some of the the DPP payments and DPP revenues that we recognized in 2024 really related to prior periods. There may be some programs that have small declines next year, but I think that that's the main reason driving the decline.
Ben Hendrix: Thanks. And then just to follow-up on the malpractice reserves, just how are thinking overall about adequacy at this point? You know, where are we at a point where there is a reasonable cushion, or are there trends that you're seeing now that could increase probability of a of another adjustment this year? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So I I think it's worth noting that in establishing our malpractice reserves, we use a third party actuary who evaluates our claims history, pending claims, industry trends, etcetera. You know, it's a relatively comprehensive analysis. Historically, we've tried to set and establish our reserves sort of at the midpoint of the range that our third party actually provides to us. Given some of the volatility in that area and some of the pressure, we tried this year to move a little bit towards the higher end of the range, so we are hoping that there's an element of conservatism built into those those reserves and that, you know, there won't be a need for another uptick in 2025. Obviously, you can't be assured of that, but we feel like we've we've taken a pretty prudent position here. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Ann Hynes with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Ann Hynes: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Can we talk about behavioral same store patient days? I remember thinking, and maybe I'm remembering incorrectly, that you thought you would be exiting 2024 at about 2%. Which I believe it was below 2%. So what was the driver of that? And I think you said in guidance, you assume it's gonna accelerate to 2.5% to 3%. Can you just tell us what the drivers of that acceleration is?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So and and in fact, Ann, I think for the first two thirds of the quarter, October, November, we were tracking sort of in that 2.5% range and and, you know, feel pretty good about things. You know, I I remember and and honestly, probably my last public appearance was at your conference in early December, and I remember telling people that I thought we were doing well except, you know, it was always hard to predict what would happen in the back half of December with the holidays. That's always sort of unpredictable. And in fact, we did see a fairly dramatic decline in our outpatient day volumes in behavioral in the back half of December. I think having the Christmas and New Year's holidays right in the middle of the week on a Wednesday really sort of made those last two weeks, particularly for that child and adolescent population, you know, a much softer result than we were anticipating and quite frankly we've experienced historically. Volumes tended to to sort of rebound in early January. Which led us to believe that, you know, that was really kind of a temporary transient sort of thing. And we've struggled a little bit over the last month mainly because of difficult winter weather. Around the country, particularly in places that quite frankly are not, you know, generally used to or equipped for for winter weather. You know, we've seen school closures in at a pretty large scale in places like Virginia and Tennessee and Kentucky and Mississippi places that don't you know, generally close schools in the wintertime. But again, I think we we feel that those are transient sorts of dynamics and that for the full year, you know, getting to that 2.5% to 3% patient day growth, you know, should not be sort of a heroic metric to achieve.
Ann Hynes: Great. And then staying on the behavioral thing, Medicare Medicaid rates have been good for Universal in the industry. Can you remind us what they actually were in 2024 and what you expect in 2025?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, so what's what's built into our guidance for 2025 is would say, same store behavioral revenue growth, in the you know, 6%, 7%, 8% range. And and again, I think that sort of 2.5% to 3% volume and 3% to 4% price. To be fair, that 3% to 4% and and that 3% to 4% price is exclusive of any changes in supplemental payments, you know, that's just what I would describe as core pricing. Our core pricing, and I think that's sort of the crux of your question, has generally been better than that over the last several years. And we'll continue to press our payers and hope to do better than that. So if there's an element of conservatism in you know, in our behavioral projections, it's probably on the pricing side of of the equation.
Ann Hynes: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to move over to the you know, the policy stuff. Specifically looks like you know, the the bigger ticket items like caps are off the table on Medicaid. Sub discussion that maybe provider taxes would be a place they would pivot to. You know, I know you sophisticated on this stuff. What are you hearing there in terms of of the, you know, the appetite to look at provider taxes is an area of savings within this?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So I I would say and I I think you know this. I mean, I think the administration has really made no sort of definitive public statements about provider taxes. You know, the point that, you know, we've made and and I think, you know, our our peer companies have made is there there appears to be wide support for these provider tags or directed payment programs around the country. In a large number of states, you know, including states of all political strikes. And so I think one of the things that we're learning or observing from this debate within congress over the budget bill is that there is a fair amount of support, again, I think, throughout the country for Medicaid programs and protecting Medicaid programs hasn't been a whole lot of discussion specifically about direct to payment programs. But but we believe that there there's a significant amount political support at the state level for those programs in a great many states.
Marc Miller: And I just wanna add to what Steve just said there because we're we're clearly monitoring this very closely. Talking, you know, off the record with many of the folks, not just in Washington, but in states. And I think that's a key point. The the the folks in congress are hearing from the governor's offices in many of these states. And, like Steve said, it's a bipartisan effort. It's not just the Democratic states, but it's many of the large Republican led states as well. So that tends to to to suggest that the pushback is is significant. I think we're in a in a better position than sometimes what what we see on the on the news.
Justin Lake: Great. And then just another question on BPP. I know you've got, you know, some dollars potentially coming in DC and Tennessee. You guys do a great job of giving color on that in your ten ks. Looks like you're not projecting that. Anything to read into that for 2025, like, any change in your level of confidence that this that this stuff comes through at the end of the day?
Steve Filton: So, you know, we believe that our 2025 forecast reflects our historical practices when it comes to DPP, and and that is, once a program has been approved and is in place, even though all these programs have to be renewed and and reapproved annually. We presume that programs that have been approved historically will continue to be approved and they remain in our the two programs, you know, you referenced, Tennessee and Washington DC, are new programs. That have only been partially approved. So for instance, Tennessee, the actual program has been approved and the dollars have been approved or the back half of 2024, but it still requires CMS approval of the eleven fifteen Medicaid waiver. And so until full approval is granted, we haven't included any of those Tennessee dollars. The DC approval is pending in its entirety. And we haven't included any of those dollars either in Q4 or in our 2025 guidance. In both cases, the state the state or the district hospital associations tell us and, you know, tell their their constituent that you know, they not heard anything from CMS suggesting that the programs are problematic in any way and they're structure expect them to be approved. There's some uncertainty as sort of what the timing of that. But yeah. I mean, I will tell you the expectation of the hospital associations themselves is that that approvals are pending and it's just sort of been slowed by the transition of administrations. We'll see. But again, nothing to be read into how we've handled it other than, you know, our mind consistent with the way we've handled these DBP programs from the beginning.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Appreciate all the color.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Pito Chickering: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Leverage is now below sort of two times here. Can you just remind us what your targeted leverage ratios are here? And today, you know, using all of your free cash flow to do share repurchases? At what point do you start borrowing to maintain your leverage ratios? And using those borrowings to increase your share repurchases.
Steve Filton: Thanks, Peter. So you know, I think we have historically operated at a leverage level, you know, generally in sort of the high twos. Approaching three. We're certainly comfortable at a level like that. And and I would think that, you know, that's, you know, where we would generally target things in the future. I think, you know, our guidance for the year presumes that you know, we'll use the bulk of our free cash flow for share repurchase. The possibility that we could lever up and use, you know, even more than that think, is certainly a real possibility. And not something we've decided today. You know? But, you know, again, in our guidance I think we were reasonably conservative in thinking that, you know, our share repurchase levels would be around what they've been several years in that sort of $600 million to $800 million range.
Pito Chickering: Okay. But so, you know, like, intellectually, the you know, we could be thinking about you guys start actually using Leverage here to at least at least maintaining some leverage above where it is today. You look at the with the macro level to start increasing beyond free cash flow?
Steve Filton: I think that's fair. And and I think that, you know, if you look at our historical practices, there certainly have been times where we have done that. Sure.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Fair enough. And then on on behavioral, you know, he is closed to hospitals quarter. You know, has it impacted, you know, you know, like, your EBITDA when you close those facilities? You know, like, how many other facilities do you look at for portfolio trimmings for 2025? And you know, with such a larger, you know, supply demand of balance and behavioral, I guess, you know, why is there a need to close any of these facilities?
Steve Filton: You. Yeah. I I think if someone wanted to take the time and, for instance, take a look at our portfolio of behavioral facilities, let's say, ten years ago and where we are today, you know, I think that you would find that portfolio rationalization is sort of an ongoing part of, you know, our behavioral strategy. And that, you know, the the portfolio of hospitals that we have today is is different than it was ten years ago. We sold some facilities. We've consolidated a number of facilities. We've set a retooled facilities to provide different services. We've done any number of things. It's a large portfolio and and generally, you know, an individual is not material with the portfolio, so we don't necessarily disclose or discuss in detail when we do these things. But it's really that aspect of it. And and, you know, when you ask you know, sort of what what's the rationale for that or what causes that while we acknowledge or or we would agree with your overall comment that I think behavioral demand has been strong during this period. Obviously, demand for particular services in a particular area particular reimbursement dynamics, all those things can change in the interim. And, you know, we do react to those things. And, you know, effectively you know, try and and and look at those facilities that are sort of least efficient, you know, lesser returning, and you know, trying to determine whether they have kind of a path to getting, you know, sort of more towards the bell curve of performance. And if they don't, know, we look for, you know, potential exit strategies, which again could be closure, could be sale, could be consolidation, could be retooling. All those things, I think, are always on the table.
Pito Chickering: Right. Thanks for your guys' investment.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Next question comes from Joanna Gajuk with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Joanna Gajuk: Hi. Good morning. Thanks so much for taking my questions. But it's first because I don't know that they're admitted, but yeah. Thanks for talking about your assumptions for your behavioral segment growth for 2025, but what do you assume for acute revenue growth, volumes versus pricing?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So I I I think the assumptions for the Akeeth division are also, you know, mid single digit revenue growth, probably a little bit more modest maybe in the 5%, 6% range. And I would say split pretty evenly between price and volume. So the 2.5%, 3% adjusted emission growth, 2.5%, 3% pricing growth. And, again, I think in both segments, in this environment where expenses have, you know, moderated wage inflation has moderated, use of premium pay is moderated. Position expenses are moderated. That you know, mid single digit revenue growth in both divisions and RMI should be sufficient to allow us to grow EBITDA and expand margins.
Joanna Gajuk: Thanks for that. And I guess on on wages, because I think the nationwide data on wage growth for nursing because it showed some acceleration in the late 2024. Are you seeing that, or is it just a function of some comp issue there?
Steve Filton: Joanne, I'm sorry. When you said that the Nash data is showing what? I didn't hear what you said. Increase in wages.
Marc Miller: Yeah. Wages. Yeah. Wages. Like, acceleration is slightly. Nothing material, obviously, but
Joanna Gajuk: like, just kind of versus, you know, the the earlier in 2024, then, like, somehow the couple of these last months in 2024 kinda showed you know, a little bit higher growth year over year. So I don't know if you're seeing any of that. I mean, it sounds like you thinking about, you know, kinda moderation in which inflation for 2025. But I soon asked if there was anything that happened in late 2024 that, you know, kinda might have changed that view a little bit.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So so, again, you know, clearly, we've seen a moderation in wage and inflation, coming out of the pandemic over the last couple of years, and and I would sort of characterize the wage environment as fairly stable. And, you know, I I apologize. I didn't hear you the first time. But I think, you know, like you said, those the national survey sort of suggest kind of an some incremental pressure on wages. I don't think we're really seeing that to mean that we won't, but it doesn't feel like there's that sort of comprehensive pressure and, you know, real real significant pressure on wages that we were seeing a couple of years ago, it feels like the wage environment and basically the supply demand environment for labor has stabilized pretty significantly. And as we lessen our dependence on temporary labor, our wages are are overall continue to go down.
Joanna Gajuk: Not exactly. Thanks. Anytime I just squeeze in the last follow-up on the DPP discussion and how you were doing 2025 down versus 2024. So two two items there. Right? Can you quantify how much was prior period that you recorded in 2024? And also because you also said there are some programs that expect that you expect to decline. So is it based in those in those states, particularly those programs are based on our enrollment, if that's what's happening. Some of these states gonna have a a lower VPP dollars available to them be because it's linked to enrollment? Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So know, I think if you go back and, you know, look at our transcript, for the first three quarters, know, in each quarter, we called out how much prior period there might have been, and it strikes me that it was a a roughly sort of $15 million, $20 million a quarter. So you can extrapolate that, and it's, you know, maybe $60 million, $80 million of nonrecurring or out of period items that we had in 2024. And and as I said to, you know, kind of a previous question, I think that the main driver. There may be individual programs that are showing sort of slight declines next year. But for the most part, once programs have been established, are historical experiences they stay at or or that, you know, if if anything that they sort of grow. So, again, I I don't think that the slight decline in DDP for next year that we're forecasting is is mostly driven by the out of period stuff we had in in 2024 rather than any real declines in the programs in 2025.
Joanna Gajuk: Thanks for that clarification. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Stephen Baxter: Hi. Thanks. Just two quick ones. I was hoping, you know, first, just in case you know, I might have missed it, but sizing the full year amount that the medical malpractice expense came in above your initial plan and and how much of that you assume normalizes and becomes a tailwind to the year over year EBITDA growth? And then just another follow-up on on the CTP discussion. I understand fully you're not including 2025 amounts for Tennessee or or for Washington DC at this point, you know, pending approval. But how do we think about, you know, what percentage of it you know, DPP contribution that's in the guidance still for this year is tied to programs that do need to be at some point this year, so it might only have partial year coverage, you know, kinda as it sits today. Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yep. So as far as malpractice goes, know, what we said in our prepared remarks was we had $79 million of additional malpractice reserves that we added or recorded, you know, above and beyond what we had in our original guidance. And for the most part, think, you know, we don't believe that those expenses recur. And so that contributes to some of the growth that we have in 2025. You know, we think we've been reasonably conservative. To be fair, that's a volatile area. That can change and and does change, but we feel like we've been fairly prudent and fairly conservative in general. As far as your DPP question, you know, I think as a as a previous questioner indicated, you know, we have a significant amount about our DPP programs by state. And, you know, I I refer everyone you know, I know we filed the ten k last night, so I'm sure people have not had a chance to review it in detail. We literally go through each program you know, indicate what's been approved, what's not been approved. I mean, my guesstimate you know, is that probably half of the BPP money is in our forecast roughly have been approved for next year already. And probably have had had, you know, approval still pending.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Sarah James with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Sarah James: Hi, Thank you. I wanted to go back to your strategy around the behavioral portfolio. Can you talk a little bit about areas that you're looking to expand? Are you guys looking at CTC or methadone clinics? Are you looking at more outpatient? Or is it really still focused on on inpatient?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, we I think we've said in previous calls, Sarah, and I and I think this is true really of both segments, but specifically the behavioral business, think we're looking to build out our continuum of care, and then I think either Marc or I mentioned that in our prepared remarks. Which I think in behavioral specifically means building out the outpatient continue on that. And and I think that's reflective of historically, building out the outpatient continuum generally meant on our campuses and and sort of related to our inpatient programs. So patients who were discharged as inpatients often require, you know, continued follow-up care and often receive that care in our intensive outpatient or partial hospitalization programs. I think we've we've started to develop more of a presence in freestanding outpatient facilities around the country. We acknowledge that some people who are receiving outpatient care don't necessarily feel comfortable receiving it on the campus of an inpatient hospital or affiliated with an inpatient hospital. And so, yeah, we're finding that there is demand for freestanding outpatient care separate and apart from from our hospitals. We continue to build out our our outpatient capabilities as it relates to both active military and retired military. We have a real special specialization in that. We have begun and I and again, I think we've talked about this in previous calls. To establish a little bit more of a presence in the opioid disorder space. I think we are tending to do so again, more as sort of part of a broader continuum of care rather than Josh, sort of flat out medically assisted treatment facilities that are just dispensing medication. You know, I think we feel like given our presence you know, and and such a broad continuum, you know, our real ability to to provide a competitive or or clinical advantage is being able to provide patients with sort of a whole continuum of care. Not just medically assisted treatment, whether that's methadone or Suboxone or whatever, but, you know, outpatient treatment, etcetera, inpatient treatment if that's required, etcetera. And so to the degree that we're entering or or expanding our presence in that opioid space, think it'll be in that context of integrating with our our broader continuum of care.
Sarah James: Great. And can you give us an idea of timeline to materiality of that, though, what is the pipeline look like, or or how fast do you expect? This business is to graft.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, so so, again, I I would make the point that we have a significant outpatient presence currently mostly associated with our hospitals and on on our hospital campuses. The the freestanding sort of efforts I think, you know, reasonably you know, could result in probably, you know, ten or so or dozen or so additional facilities each year. The OUD space requires, I think, a bit more of a development pipeline. So I think a little bit harder to to project that. But again, I think the point that I make there is I think that's likely to be you know, integrated with some of our existing continuum. But but a little bit harder to predict and a little bit slower to ramp.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Next question comes from A.J. Rice with UBS. Your line is open.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. I appreciate, Steve, that you guys are the really the only one that's made comments about what it might mean if the exchange enhanced sub were to go away in 2026. I think you put about a $50 million headwind on that. Can you just since you're the only one that's really done that, can you just flush out some of the key assumptions you've got in coming up with that number and how much variability you think there might be around that, or is that you know, you have a pretty good target on that?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So we made those comments or I made those comments back in the fall. And and, honestly, A.J., I made them because I think people were generally overestimating the impact that we might have. If the the subsidies the change subsidies were to go away, which I don't believe is is a certainty. You know, in any event at the moment. But and and I made the point when I when we we floated that estimate that it was very much a guesstimate. Really based on some pretty high level assumptions. About 5% of our acute admissions are exchanged coverage covered patients right now. We assumed that about half of those folks would lose their coverage if the subsidies went away. Now, again, there's a lot of nuances that go along with that. Some might be able to get other coverage that might qualify for Medicaid. In certain states, etcetera. But we assumed about half those folks would lose their coverage. We would lose the elected business that those folks were bringing to our hospitals now. And we presume they would still come to our hospitals for their emergency coverage. And and, yeah, obviously, we wouldn't be reimbursed for that. And so that that's the the, you know, kind of the basis of these assumptions that we made. The other point I think that we made is you know, this is, I think, largely an acute care dynamic. We don't separately track the number of exchange patients we have on the behavioral side and large part because we don't think it's quite as significant. And I think that's historically been because so many of these exchange products have very high co pays and deductibles that are often not relevant to providing you know, coverage in a behavioral hospital where they're likely to incur much smaller bill than they would in few hospitals.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Alright. Thanks for that. I just wanna ask, maybe two aspects of the guidance. I wanna see how they're if they're reflected in their I think you've got some insurance revenue step up in 2025. Can you just comment on that? And is that a top line dynamic that doesn't affect the operating income and and so on. And then the second thing I was gonna ask about in the guidance is you opened West Henderson in Las Vegas late last year. You've got, I believe, a DC hospital that you're opening this spring. Do you do you think those are gonna have much impact on consolidated revenue and EBITDA, and how about on the same store numbers? Because those are two big markets. Do they draw away from your existing facility's enough to to impact the same store trends.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So so as far as your first question about insurance revenue, a number of people, I think, you know, sort of noted that the revenue guidance that we issued last night is sort of above the mid single digits that that I talked about on this call. And think your your question addresses that. There's probably an assumption of about a $200 million increase in the revenues at our insurance subsidiary. So that affects that top line. As we've sort of discussed historically, our insurance subsidiary tends to operate at something pretty close to breakeven. So it's reflected on the revenue line, but not really reflected in in a significant way. As far as your second question about the the two hospital openings, we mentioned in our prepared remarks that we expect that the combination of West Henderson in Vegas and Philadelphia in DC will be EBITDA positive. It will note, and this will be a cosmetic thing, that as we look at same store admissions and same store revenues and even same store earnings, that'll be a little bit, I think, distorting in our next year's numbers because both are opening in markets where we have an existing presence. And so there'll probably be some cannibalization of of our existing business. So I I think it will make our same store numbers look a little bit depressed, particularly admission numbers. But I think overall, West Henderson has gotten off to a very fast start as has been our experience when we opened hospitals in Las Vegas. We're we're expecting Cedar Hill to get off to a a solid start as well. So either option should be a a drag much of a drag on earnings in 2024 five.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Alright. Thanks a lot.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Michael Ha with Baird. Your line is open.
Michael Ha: Hi. Thank you. A quick two quick ones to start. Just to confirm on DPP for Tennessee and DC, is the total current, I guess, payment upside $169 million across the two. And what do you typically recognize in terms of the flow through down into earnings on GTP?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, Michael, I don't have our ten k right in front of us, but that number sounds reasonably close, but but people can can validate that. We we just disclosed the numbers on both our expected benefit from both those programs in the ten k. And as to your second question, you know, we generally, you know, have the view because we disclose our those all of our DPP numbers disclose our net numbers that is net of the provider tax. So we assume those numbers, you know, generally drop to the bottom. We those reimbursements are really meant to provide for frankly, what's been inadequate Medicaid reimbursement for you know, many years. So, you know, the immediate impact is a significant boost to our earnings, but it's really making up in our minds for you know, deficient earnings in in the past.
Michael Ha: Got it. Thank you. And then maybe a quick one and then another longer one. For flu season, you know, I don't haven't heard you mention it. We're seeing one of the strongest in recent history. Any impact on one q? And then my real question would be just the return to historical margins, you're there in behavioral. A lot quicker than I think everyone expected. Looks like acute margins is really the next you know, phase and the embedded margin improvement seems quite powerful. I guess at this kind of pace of margin improvement over the past year, it be fair to say you're you might only be about a year or two away from getting back to the pre COVID levels. And then what is that path look like? What needs to happen operationally for that to materialize? Is it more like, a return to normative patient mix levels or other efforts initiatives in flight? Any comments here would be great. Thank you.
Steve Filton: So as to your question about the flu season, I think what we found is the flu season, which started earlier than usual for us in 2024, Excuse me. In 2023, started later in 2024, although seem to be more intense once it got going. Overall, I think when we look at our respiratory cases for the fourth quarter, not altogether different in 2024 than they were in 2023. To your point, I think the flu season and busy flu season as continued into the first quarter. Think, you know, generally, we always have the view that a busy flu season or frankly not a busy flu season tends not to have a really significant impact on earnings. Flu and respiratory cases tend to to not be the most profitable cases that we have. So overall, I think when we look back on, you know, annual results, we tend not to, I think, you know, cite a busy flu season or a non busy flu season, that's something that moves the needle in a significant way. Although we acknowledge that there are that volumes have been impacted, particularly will be impacted in Q1 by the busy flu season. As far as your margin question goes, you know, I I think, you know, mainly directed towards the acute hospitals. We've mentioned before, I think, that there are some structural hurdles that make it difficult for the acute business to necessarily return to pre COVID margins. Things like the significant increase, like, 150 basis point increase in position expenses that we experienced in mostly in 2023. The continued shift of profitable procedural and surgical business from inpatient to outpatient, But generally, you know, our our margins have been improving in that business. And and I think we'll continue to improve, like you said, over the next couple of years whether or not during that period we can get all the way back to pre COVID margins, I'm not sure or I'm not certain about that. Think to your point, we've gotten there on the behavioral side. I think we'll continue to grow those and so as a result, I think we will get back to consolidated pre COVID margins over the course of the next couple of years.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Benjamin Raskin with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Benjamin Raskin: Hi. Thanks for the question. Just on a premium pay, you mentioned premium pay at about $60 million coming in flat quarter over quarter versus your previous goal of exiting the year at about $50 million a quarter. Is that more opportunistic unit usage to manage throughput during four q? And then with acute volumes, I mean, that you know, moderating a bit for 2025, where do you see premium pay leveling out in this coming year?
Steve Filton: I think one of the challenges in terms of further reductions to premium pay is that one of the things that occurred during COVID was more and more nurses chose to work as temporary or traveling nurses preferring the flexibility that came with the with those those jobs. And, you know, so of those nurses have returned to full time work in our hospital. We'll certainly try and attract more, but I I do think there has been kind of that structural shift, and there are just more nurses who are wanting to and and willing to work as temporary and traveling nurses. So I think, realistically, you made the comment in, you know, in our prepared remarks that we've run it about that $60 million a quarter of premium pay for the last three quarters. Might we be able to tweak that a little bit lower? Sure. But I don't see, you know, really significant savings from driving that number a whole lot lower than where it is today.
Benjamin Raskin: Great. Thanks for the color there. And then as just a follow-up, you know, I know it's early here, but had some conversation on tariffs and know, proposed reciprocal tariffs. Just curious how you're thinking about the potential impact of supply spend and maybe where your fixed pricing stands for your 2025 supply spend or where you have any other pricing buffers within your supply contracts. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So the challenge about making any sort of, you know, terribly meaningful comments about the impact of tariffs on our results is twofold. One is really trying to figure out what the the tariff are going to be, what countries, what the rates of the tariffs are gonna be. As you know, they've changed quite a bit. Just in the four or five weeks of of the new administration. The good news, I think, which you've sort of alluded to in your question is that a great many of our supply contracts are multiyear contracts that essentially have a pricing protection so that you know, the risk of tariffs or the risk of increased costs really fall on the manufacturer while those contracts are in place. So think our sense, and and we certainly didn't really provide for any significant impact on our supply expense in 2025. From the tariffs. And I think that's, you know, generally our point of view. It's entirely possible that that changes depending on these dynamics and as you suggested, retaliatory tariffs and that sort of thing, we'd have to see how that plays out in in in sort of the real world before being able to to quantify this in any more meaningful way.
Benjamin Raskin: Understood. Appreciate the comments here.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens. Your line is open.
Scott Fidel: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. First question, just can you give us the just the the split when looking at the the net supplemental payments 2024, the the $1.016 billion. Just what the split is between acute and b h from that, and then similarly, with the projection for 2025, you know, whether that that split seems similar or if there's any directional change around that.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, honestly, I don't have it right in front of me, Scott. I think there's split relatively evenly between the two segments. But but I can move that with you after you'd be more precise about that. And, no, I I I don't think this would change as much in 2025. Again, as we've sort of talked about before, I think the the 2025 assumption is that most the programs kind of continue at their current level.
Scott Fidel: Okay. Got it. And then just wanna follow-up I know A.J. had asked a bit about the the increase in the insurance revenue. You know, we were just looking at the the CMS data this week. Looks like your your MA plan actually had some some healthy growth. So that seems to be a driver of that. Probably not where I would see that getting to $200 million though. So see, maybe if you could just walk us through, you know, clearly, it does look like the MAA piece is is a driver of that, but maybe just sort of walk us through from a product perspective you know, what what's building up to that $200 million.
Steve Filton: So our subscriber population is split pretty evenly between MA patients and commercial patients. I think most of the growth next year is in the MA population, but we we do have both MA patients and commercial patients. So, you know, we're just you know, again, it's a relatively small plan. But as we continue to gain more experience in the hap, you know, establish a track record in the various markets where the plan operates, you know, we're able to attract more patients, etcetera. So you know, the $200 million, I think, is reflective of the amount of, you know, new new subscribers that we have.
Scott Fidel: Got it. If I could just one quick question to a last one. Just just around accruals that you have in the balance sheet, legal accruals for behavioral litigation. Just any updates on sort of where you ended the year on that and sort of, you know, how that may have sort of evolved in terms of any assumptions there. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, again, I mean, in the legal section of our ten k, you know, we, you know, describe the the status of the two large malpractice cases and malpractice verdicts that we had in 2024. You know, I suggest you know, people can can read through those. We don't have specific reserves established for those cases. They're they're going both going through in appeal process and significant. Obviously, as I said earlier, when our third party actuary goes through there, exercise, they're they're taking into account all of cases, decided cases, pending cases, appeal cases, etcetera, as well as cases that have, you know, not reached that level and and they're putting a value on cases, you know, that are, you know, incurred or not yet sort of, you know, been filed, that sort of thing. So all all that, I think, has been taken into account in in, you know, the actuarial calculations.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Ryan Langston with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Ryan Langston: Hi. Thanks. The SWB for performance and behavioral was the strongest, I think, in actually quite some time. Can you maybe just update us on the labor trends on BH? Like, if that was just related to specific facilities, geographies, or or job classes. And I guess how how does, if at all, the fourth quarter, like, inform the 2025 guidance?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, I think we have been saying for a number of quarters now that the labor supply demand dynamic within behavioral has clearly improved. From, you know, the really significant pressures that we experienced during the pandemic. And so, you know, I think you are seeing a combination of things that are really sort of contributing to that strong performance. I think number one, know, productivity has been improving. You know, where we've got the, you know, the right number of people for the right number of patients to care for patients safely and and and providing top quality care. But, you know, we've also seen a moderation in the use of premium pay and outside temporary labor, and and we've seen a moderation in in wage wage inflation and all those things I think are contributing to the you know, the strong, sort of productivity and efficiency performance that you've noted.
Ryan Langston: Got it. Then just piggybacking on the leverage and the share repo, kinda where the shares are trading and kinda what's going on in the market. Like, is there a potential that the repos 2025 are maybe more front loaded than maybe they have been in the sort of last couple of years. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, obviously, you know, when you when you talk about what's going on in the market, that changes day by day. So a little bit hard to make, you know, a judgment about exactly, you know, how how the trajectory is gonna look for the year, but it's certainly a consideration on our part. What I what I would say historically is know, our share repurchases tend to be kinda more programmatic and and ratable rather than really trying to time market changes, etcetera. I don't think we view ourselves as, you know, particularly good at market timing. What we we do believe and what we try and take advantage of is know, the the prospects of the business. We have a lot of confidence in the business. And, you know, we're willing to invest in you know, if you will, you know, buying back our own EBITDA, what we think our pretty attractive multiples. And I think that's the case now. And honestly, think it's been the case and and probably will be the case for some time. So I wouldn't commit to any particular sort of trajectory for this year. But but, you know, as we have been for the the past several years, I'm sure we will continue to be an active repurchaser.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Jamie Perse with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jamie Perse: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Steve Filton: Jamie, could I just interrupt? But this is gonna have to be our last question. We have we have another commitment after this.
Jamie Perse: Sure. Thanks for sneaking me in. I guess just on commercial payers, what what are you seeing in terms of, you know, payer activity and denials prior authorization to midnight rule implementation, etcetera, and just sustainability of of re growth, particularly in the behavioral business. It's been very strong.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So I think the the the second part of your question first. I mean, we've talked about this for some time now. Yeah. We've had really strong behavioral pricing over the last several years. I think that's a function in large part of the scarcity of supply supply of beds and and care in the behavioral space. And as a consequence, you know, we've been able to negotiate, you know, higher wage from many of our payers, payers who, you know, really, you know, are struggling to find a place for their subscribers to be treated, etcetera. I don't know that that dynamic has changed a great deal. There's not a ton more, you know, particularly inpatient to capacity, I think, in in the space, etcetera. So, again, I I think the pricing environment for behavioral remains strong. As far as sort of payer behavior, I I don't know that we would, you know, sort of suggest that there been a significant change. I think you know, this is a sort of a day to day issue with us. We find payer behavior broadly challenging. And, you know, it's it's kind of a daily struggle with us. We've devoted a significant amount of resources to making sure that, you know, our claim submissions are as efficient and as clean as possible, that our appeals processes are as efficient and as clean as possible. It's been a huge focus of ours, and, unfortunately, I think we'll have to remain that because as I you know, I don't see, you know, payers all of a sudden becoming, you know, much more lax in their, utilization review and denial man management, etcetera. So, you know, it would be great if if that dynamic were to change in our industry, but it doesn't seem to be something that's likely to change in the near term.
Jamie Perse: Alright. Great. I'll leave it there in the interest of time. Thanks, Steve.
Marc Miller: Thank you.
Operator: So operator, I think that's gonna have to be the end of for us. We'd like to thank everybody for their participation. And look forward to talking with everybody after our first quarter results.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. So that's conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Third Quarter 2024 Universal Health Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Steve Filton, Executive Vice President and CFO. Please go ahead sir.
Steve Filton: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to this review of Universal Health Services Results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2024. During the conference call, I’ll be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. I'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $3.80 for the third quarter of 2024 after adjusting for the impact of the items reflected on the supplemental schedule as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $3.71 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. As we anticipated, acute care volumes have moderated somewhat and have gradually begun to resemble the patterns we experienced before the pandemic. Adjusted admissions to our acute hospitals increased 1.5% year-over-year, with surgical growth slowing. Overall revenue growth was still a solid 8.6% excluding the impact of our insurance subsidiary. Meanwhile, expenses were well controlled. Specifically, the amount of premium pay in the third quarter was $60 million, reflecting a 12% decline from the prior year quarter. Included in our operating results during the third quarter of 2024, were aggregate net incremental reimbursements of approximately $20 million recorded in connection with various state supplemental Medicaid programs, approximately half of which was earned by our acute care hospitals. These net reimbursements were in excess of the supplemental program projections included in our earnings guidance for the full year of 2024 as revised on July 24, 2024. On a same facility basis, EBITDA at our acute care hospitals increased 36% during the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the comparable prior year quarter and the increase was 17% when excluding the impact of the incremental Medicaid supplemental payments earned in Nevada during the third quarter of 2024. The increase in operating income comparison to last year's third quarter for our acute hospitals is a further step towards a more extended margin recovery we hope to sustain for the next several periods. In our acute segment, physician expense, which was a significant headwind in 2023, has stabilized at approximately 7.2% of revenues thus far in 2024. During the third quarter, same facility revenues at our behavioral health hospitals increased by 10.5% primarily driven by an 8.5% increase in revenue per adjusted patient day. Even after adjusting for Medicaid supplemental payments not included in our original 2024 guidance, facility revenues increased 8.3% and same facility EBITDA increased 9.6% in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the comparable prior year period. As a result of unfavorable trends experienced during the last several years during the third quarter of 2024, we recorded a $30 million increase to our reserves for self-insured, professional and general liability claims. Our cash generated from operating activities was $1.4 billion during the first nine months of 2024 as compared to $815 million during the same period in 2023. In the first nine months of 2024, we spent $698 million on capital expenditures and acquired 1.7 million of our own shares at a total cost of approximately $350 million. Since 2019, we have repurchased approximately 31% of the company's outstanding shares. As of September 30, 2024, we had 1.01 billion aggregate available borrowing capacity pursuant to our 1.3 billion revolving credit facility. In our acute care segment, we continue to develop additional inpatient and ambulatory care capacity. Construction continues on our de novo acute care hospitals consisting of the 150 bed West Henderson Hospital in Las Vegas, Nevada, which is expected to open shortly, the 136 bed Cedar Hill Regional Medical center in Washington, D.C. which is expected to open in the spring of 2025 and the 150 bed Allen B. Miller Medical center in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, which is expected to open in the Spring of 2026. In our behavioral health segment, we recently opened the 128 bed Riva Vista Behavioral Health Hospital in Madera, California and we are developing the 96 bed Southridge Behavioral Health Hospital in West Michigan, a joint venture with Trinity Health Michigan, which is expected to open in the spring of 2025. The approval processes continue in connection with new Medicaid supplemental payment programs in Tennessee and Washington, D.C. as well as a proposed funding increase to the existing program in Nevada. Although we cannot provide assurance that any or all of these programs or program changes will ultimately be approved by CMS or the timing of such approvals, which may not occur until 2025. If approved in their current forms, the Tennessee program, with estimated annual net benefit of $40 million to $56 million, would be effective July 1, 2024. The Washington, D.C. program would estimate an annual net benefit of approximately $85 million would be effective October 1, 2024, and the funding increase to the existing Nevada program, with estimated annual net incremental benefit of approximately $56 million, would be effective July 1, 2024. Our previously provided earning guidance for the full year of 2024, as revised on July 24, 2024, did not include the estimated incremental net benefit related to any of these programs. I'd be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] One moment for our first question. And our first question is going to come from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Marco Criscuolo: Hey, good morning. This is actually Marco on for Josh. Appreciate you taking the question. I was just wondering if you could speak to any changes you may be seeing in the behavior of managed care plans during the quarter, including activity around patient denials or downgrades across both the acute and behavioral segments. And then it would also be helpful if you just give some color on what trends you're seeing between commercial and MA plans and whether this activity is focused around any specific areas like two-midnight. Thank you.
Steve Filton: Sure. So I think if you go back and review some of our transcripts and other commentary from late in 2022 and early into 2023, we first began to note, I think more aggressive behavior on the part of our managed care payers, especially coming off of the initial years of the pandemic, 2020, 2021, 2022, where clearly we felt like payers had become less aggressive, I think in response to a large degree to the significant decreases in utilization during the early stages of the pandemic. So since then, since I would say late 2022, early 2023, again we've seen I think payer behavior become more aggressive as it relates to denials, as it relates to patient status changes, length of stay, management when patients are in the facility, etcetera. I don't believe that we saw a dramatic change in the current quarter. I think again the more aggressive behavior that we've been citing I think has been ongoing for more like a year or four or six quarters, but wouldn't necessarily suggest that we saw dramatic change in the current quarter. As far as whether and behavior is focused on any particular area. You specifically asked about the two-midnight rule. Again, I think we've made a comment that we've been focused on the two-midnight rule and the appropriate coding consistent with the two-midnight rule and appeals consistent with the two-midnight rule. For several years we've been using a third party firm to help us properly code admissions. We've been using that same firm to help us with denial appeals, etcetera. And so I don't think we've seen again some of the perhaps significant difference in how two-midnight coding claims are being handled with our claims as maybe some of our peers have really changed their behavior as a result of the recent clarifications that CMS issued in terms of two-midnight rules.
Marco Criscuolo: Thanks, appreciate all the color on that. And then just to squeeze in one more quick one, I was wondering if you could just give a quick update on physician recruitment and turnover trends in the acute behavioral segments, especially as it relates to opening up additional capacity and then whether you're seeing any more incremental competition in that area. Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yes, so I think there's been much discussion about physicians and especially as it related to hospital based physicians. Last year when there was a significant increase for almost all providers in the expense of hospital based physicians, in our case especially emergency room physicians and anesthesiologists, I think that increased expense was more a result of billing changes and I think specifically the no surprise billing act and the constraints that that put on those specialties, emergency room anesthesiology, in terms of their ability to bill for out of network patients. So I think the pressures on those expenses were driven more by those billing changes than they were by a lack of or scarcity of those sort of physicians. I don't think that there's a dearth of physicians, nor do I think there's a glut necessarily in every market. Different specialties, are more challenging, etcetera. But I don't think we would describe physician recruitment as particularly, difficult in the current period. I don't think it's changed much over the last several years.
Marco Criscuolo: Great. Thank you for all the color.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. Our next question is going to come from the line of Ann Hynes with Mizuho. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ann Hynes: Great, thank you. Heading into 2025, are there any maybe major headwinds and tailwinds you want to call out? And to that I know it sounds like you're getting incremental providers stuff in 2024. Is there anything we should be on the lookout for 2025? Thanks.
Steve Filton: So I think for us, Ann, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we will have two new facilities open in 2025, our West Henderson facility in Las Vegas which will open late this year, and then a hospital in the District of Columbia which will open in the spring. I don't believe, and we'll be more precise about this when we give our detailed 2025 guidance in February, but I don't believe that either of those facilities will create a significant drag on EBITDA. There will be some opening expenses and some ramp up, but I think both are well positioned. So again, they should not create much of a drag. I think otherwise for the two businesses, we are expecting the continued margin recovery that again I alluded to in my opening comments. And then finally, the major tailwinds are the ones that I mentioned again in my remarks, the specific ones in terms of Tennessee, District of Columbia, Nevada. These are either new or additional supplemental programs that have been submitted to CMS for approval. There's been some reporting and some things have been written about programs, either new or expanded programs in California and Florida that could be effective next year. But those I think are in sort of earlier stages of development. So I think broadly there's some significant potential tailwinds in the Medicaid supplemental area, some of which we've disclosed in some detail, others which I think are a little bit more or not quite as precise at this point. But those to me seem to be the big puts and takes for 2025 at this point.
Ann Hynes: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. Our next question is going to come from the line of Andrew Mok with Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Mok: Hi, good morning. Wanted to focus on the acute volumes. Maybe if you just take a step back and comment on the volume progression in that business and now that we've established a more normal baseline for volumes like what's the outlook in the acute care segment for volume growth? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Andrew, I think we've been pretty clear and consistent in our commentary in this regard. And that is, we've been saying for some time that we expected acute, broadly acute care growth to return to sort of more normal, I'll call them pre-COVID levels. So same sort of revenue growth in the 6% to 7% range. That would be split pretty evenly between price and volume. I think if you actually look at our year-to-date metrics in acute care, I think our adjusted admissions are up 3%. I think our pricing or revenue per adjusted admissions is up 5%. I think if you adjust that for the Nevada Medicaid supplemental, you're sort of in that range of 6% to 7% revenue growth split pretty evenly between price and volume. I think that's been our view for a while. I know that some of the commentary from our peers have been a little bit more bullish about what acute care volume may look like and suggesting that there have been some structural changes in the business that would result in elevated acute care volume growth for the foreseeable future. We haven't seen that yet and obviously I think if there are these structural changes, we would benefit from them as would the average acute care hospital. We just haven't seen really evidence of that just yet. The other issue which I kind of alluded to earlier is I think a number of acute care hospitals are anticipating a fairly significant benefit from the two-midnight rule change and a consequent change in the way they're coding these things, etcetera. As I've indicated, again, I think pretty clearly and consistently for a while now. We think we've been focused on that issue for several years now and as a consequence don't necessarily anticipate an incremental benefit from that. So again, I think we view acute care volumes or the future of acute care volume growth, and I think broadly acute care revenue growth is something that should be solid, etcetera, but that some of the really elevated acute care volume growth that we've seen over the last several years has been a result of the catch up in postponed and deferred procedures or procedures that had been postponed and deferred during the pandemic. And by definition I think those were sort of a onetime thing and I think we're largely past that at this point.
Andrew Mok: Great. And then your corporate expenses tracked a bit higher than our estimates in the quarter. Can you help us understand any one time items there or other drivers of the increase in the corporate segment? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, we had a $5 million loss on the extinguishment of debt related to our refinancing that we did during the quarter. We probably had another 5 million settlements of miscellaneous smaller lawsuits that $10 million of corporate expense I would clearly characterize as non-recurring in the quarter.
Andrew Mok: Great, thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question is going to come from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, this is Dylan on for Justin. Thanks for the question. Just had a couple quick ones for you. Is there any color you can provide on the trajectory of volumes in the behavioral business in the quarter? And then second, behavioral pricing clearly remains a strength. Are you expecting to see similar opportunities heading into 2025 or do you expect that to moderate? Thank you.
Steve Filton: So as far as the trajectory of behavioral volumes, again, I think for the last several quarters we've been talking about our sense that while we originally guided to 3% same store patient day growth for behavioral for the full year of 2024, that growth was occurring more slowly than we originally anticipated. And we sort of revised that view to we'd be able to exit the year at that sort of 3% level. We were able to exit the third quarter at that 3% level. And that's despite a little bit of drag from the hurricane impact in South Carolina and Georgia on some of our facilities at the very end of the quarter Hurricane Helene. So yes, I think we remain confident that we should be able to exit the fourth quarter at that at least 3% patient day growth rate and remain confident that we can do so. As far as behavioral pricing, behavioral pricing as people know, has been quite strong for several years now throughout most of the pandemic. We attribute that to some degree to our efforts to leverage better pricing from some of our lower paying payers, particularly managed Medicaid payers. And I think in an environment where there's not a great deal of excess capacity in the behavioral industry writ large. That's been an effective sort of strategy. We've been suggesting for some time that behavioral pricing is likely to moderate at some point, and we continue to believe that. But to be fair, it is hanging in there very robustly and very strongly at the current time. And obviously we're not doing anything to try and reduce that. But we do believe that behavioral pricing, which has been running at historically high levels, will moderate at some point, but still should track in sort of that 4% to 5% range for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. Our next question is going to come from the line of Sarah James with Cantor. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, this is Gabion [ph] for Sarah. You had a nice beat on acute revenue permission. Could you just walk us through the drivers there? And was any of that related to the extra day in the quarter?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, the extra day, I think is a mechanical sort of thing. We tend not to really focus on that largely because I think in the end, obviously, the longer the period, if you look at the full year, all that comes out in the wash. I think more importantly, we had a difficult acute care comparison. I think our same store adjusted admissions in last year's third quarter were up close to 7%. But I think even more importantly, if you go back and you listen to our or read our commentary from last year's third quarter, we attribute a lot of that to again, this catch up in the deferred and postponed procedures, those procedures that have been postponed or deferred during the pandemic. And as a consequence, if you go back, while our volumes, both admissions and surgical volumes, were strong in the third quarter of last year, they tended to be skewed towards those lower acuity kind of more discretionary procedures that people had the ability to defer during the pandemic. And so when you're looking at now that comparison to 2024 to 2023, you see, volumes sort of look unfavorable. And they've come down some, but acuity's come up because so much of that activity last year's quarter was due to the lower acuity, lower revenue sorts of procedures.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, awesome. And then any color on the inpatient surgical trend?
Steve Filton: Yes, as I noted in my prepared remarks, surgeries were so often they were probably down slightly in the quarter. And again, I think it's a lot of the same dynamic that surgeries were quite strong in the third quarter of last year, but that was skewed towards a lot of what I'll describe as sort of catch up, lower acuity, more discretionary, more elective sorts of procedures.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. Our next question is going to come from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Maybe just to ask about the labor, you commented that your use of premium pay was down to 60 million, 12% down year-to-year. Any more broad comments on what you're seeing in both business lines and labor? Are we sort of at a stable point at this point, and if you can sort of hold your SWB ratio as a percent of revenues going forward, or do you think there's still further opportunities?
Steve Filton: Yes. What I think has happened, A.J., is that, again, we're in sort of now this post pandemic environment in which wage inflation, I think, has stabilized. It is clearly lower than it was at the height of the pandemic. Obviously, our use of premium pay has diminished dramatically, although it is also, I think, starting to stabilize and sort of flatten out. And I think that should continue that's benefiting us obviously, in an environment where the revenue growth in both businesses has been quite robust. It's contributing to the margin recovery that salaries are somewhat stable. And I will say people have noted to me that, on the behavioral side, salaries as a percentage of revenue did sequentially increase from Q2 to Q3. And I've asked about whether that's kind of emerging trend. And I would say not. I think that that's a function probably of the impact of the hurricane that we saw at the very end of the quarter where a number of our facilities, particularly in the Georgia, South Carolina market, saw diminished volumes but also it's a double whammy because we see diminished volumes, but we're also paying overtime, etcetera, to keep people in the facility and make sure it's properly staffed. But I think outside of that, I would say that labor trends have stabilized substantially in both business segments.
A.J. Rice: Okay. And maybe just thinking about growth, development capital deployment, etcetera. Any comment on the behavior side, the JV pipeline, you paid some new bed additions as you start to think about 2025 and then obviously, to the extent there is free cash flow beyond any of that, whether there's M&A opportunities? Or should we think that most of that cash flow is going to go to stock buybacks from the year?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean we continue with a pretty aggressive and robust capital expenditure program. I talked about some of the big spends in my prepared remarks, but we've started or maybe more properly, I would say we restarted to add that to our behavioral business. We've been doing that pretty consistently prior to the pandemic -- during the pandemic, we paused many of those expansion activities with the sort of logic being, we were struggling to staff the existing beds we had there was no point in building new beds. But now that, again, the labor market has stabilized, we're looking in those markets where there is an opportunity to increase volumes by adding beds. Now to be fair, our overall occupancy in behavioral stands on the low 70s. So there are plenty of facilities where we should have the potential for upside volume without having to add any new beds, but there are some facilities that are running at higher occupancies than that. And in those facilities, we are, again, either resurrecting or entertaining new programs to build beds and we'll continue to do that. As far as opportunities for M&A, I think we often comment that we are presented with opportunities reasonably regularly. We have found if you look at the last five, seven years, not a great deal of those opportunities to be very compelling, although we will continue to look at them. And so my guess, because this is M&A, I think can be hard to predict. But my guess is that as you think about it, our capital deployment will remain focused probably on capital expenditures and on share repurchase, much as it has been for the last five to seven years.
A.J. Rice: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question is going to come from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Pito Chickering: Good morning guys. Looking at same store occupancy here, that's a fun metric because it probably underestimates the busier days of Monday through Wednesday for neglected procedures. So my question is what is the max occupancy for the portfolio before it impacts same-store mission growth? And as you think about hospital occupancy, if you can't sort of expand beds fast enough, does this create a more aggressive conversations with your lowest yielding MA payers like you did a few years ago when you're at max capacity in behavioral?
Steve Filton: Yes. So Pito, I'm not sure if your question was specific to one or both of the segments, so I'll try and answer for both. I think on the acute side, occupancy over the years has become a somewhat less relevant metric. Obviously it measures your occupied inpatient beds, but my experience is I've been in a hospital any number of times that maybe at 2/3 occupancy from an inpatient bed perspective, but you walk through the emergency room and there are stretchers in the hallway or you walk through the OR and you've got a real busy schedule or the Cath lab, that sort of thing. So I think that acute care inpatient occupancy is not as relevant as sort of a metric as it used to be, or at one time it was. There are, I think, a number of other equally important variables in measuring sort of the efficiency and the output of an acute care hospital. I think in terms of the broader question, I don't know that we have too many OR hospitals that we're really at max capacity in any of those areas. We're certainly not there in terms of inpatient beds, but I don't think we're necessarily there in terms of emergency room capacity or Cath labs or ORs, etcetera. And to the degree that we are, I think we're responding to that with capital improvement and expansion programs that address that. On the behavioral side, I do think that inpatient occupancy or an inpatient bed occupancy number is more relevant. There are sort of fewer ancillary sorts of procedures in a behavioral hospital that account for that. Although obviously outpatient activity needs to be measured as well. But the same thing. I mean, as I said, for the most part, I don't think we have physical capacity constraints in our behavioral business, but there certainly are facilities and geographies where that is an issue. And those are the places where we're doing debt expansions or at least contemplating debt expansions.
Pito Chickering: Great. And then a follow-up here is on physician expenses. Like you talked about sort of that being stable at like 70% of revenue. Are there other areas like radiology and NICU which have not been pressure points in the past, which could be asking for subsidies going forward or pretty much across portfolio across all different groups of physicians at stable? Thank you very much.
Steve Filton: Yes. So the answer is yes. And I would say in the portfolio I can find examples in almost every specialty where we've had requests for greater subsidies or increased expense, etcetera. As I noted in comments earlier, I think for us the biggest pressure, by far the most expansive, has been in the emergency room and anesthesia areas. But yes, we have, I think, one off situations where we've seen pressure from hospitalists or laborists or radiologists, as you asked about. But they clearly, I think, have accounted for much less pressure than ER and anesthesiology. And I think broadly, while we continue to sort of deal with those issues every day, I think that situation, which was such a headwind in 2023, has largely stabilized.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment as we move on to our next question. Our next question is going to come from the line of Joanna Gajuk with BofA Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Joanna Gajuk: Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. So I guess first to clarify the commentary around the outlook for psych business into next year. So you sort of alluded to the idea of, maybe pricing excluding supplemental, growing 4.5 and, and I guess you still expect to exit at 3% volume growth. So is that sort of the trajectory to expect next year in terms of growth for that segment?
Steve Filton: Yes. So Joanna, I mean we're not, we're going to give sort of precise 2025 guidance on this call. We don't do that until our fourth quarter call in February. But I think we have broadly described our expected sort of trajectory of growth in the behavioral business is same. So revenue growth in the kind of mid-to-upper single digits, 6%, 7%, 8% probably skewed a little bit more to pricing. So 4% to 5% pricing, 3% to 3.5% volume. But I'm not suggesting that that's going to be our precise guidance for next year. But I think in terms of thinking about next year, that's I think how we start. And then obviously to the degree that there's any significant Medicaid supplemental programs, etcetera that would be sort of incremental to that.
Joanna Gajuk: Right. And I guess on site in terms of volumes, so this quarter maybe wasn't very close to 3%, but I guess you still expect to kind of exit that year. But as we think about all these different tailwinds, so can you kind of walk us through what you're seeing out there in the market? So obviously there's the mental health parity with a deal that has, I guess more teeth requiring, to actually execute on this mental health parity and also sounds like states are adding more benefits. So are you seeing higher demand and I guess, are you able to meet that demand? I guess is there something to be said about increased rates to be able to then, staff for that volume?
Steve Filton: Yes. So Joanna, I apologize because I'm having a little trouble hearing you, but I think I got the crux of your question. I'll say this. We as I indicated in some earlier comments, I think our volume recovery in behavioral has, I think we've been candid about saying it's taken a little bit longer than we expected. We've cited a number of issues that have been challenges, labor scarcity issues in specific pockets and specific geographies has been one. We had a handful of residential facilities that struggled with some very sort of unique issues that they've been recovering from. And I think over the last year or so we've talked about the impact of Medicaid disenrollments and the sort of challenges that that's created even for those patients who have been able to re-enroll or enroll in commercial exchange products. While that I think tends to be a benefit on the acute side, I don't think it tends to be as much of a benefit on the behavioral side because the large co pays and deductibles that generally come with those commercial plans have sort of been challenging. But I think for the most part the recovery in our behavioral volumes and our optimism about being able to sustain that recovery in the fourth quarter is really about the improvement of all these issues. We continue to be able to hire more staff and have more adequate staff to allow us to take more patients. The residential facilities that have struggled are continuing to improve and the Medicaid disenrollment impact continues to dissipate as either patients are able to re-enroll in Medicaid or get commercial exchange coverage and they exhaust their copays and deductibles. So I think it's the improvement in those areas that's really contributing to the behavioral improvement. I think you specifically asked about whether we're seeing or anticipating a significant benefit from the Biden administration's sort of tightening of rules on mental health parity. Mental health parity, which was implemented any number of years ago, sort of to great fanfare and I think expectation that we would really benefit from that. I think we've benefited to some degree, but I think the payers and the payer community broadly has been challenging in terms of really getting them to comply with I think both the spirit and the actual intent of mental health parity. I do think that the strengthened government regulations are helpful, but I don't know that they're likely to really create a landscape change. I think where they're helpful is as we appeal these things, as we appeal denials and that sort of thing, strengthened government regulations are often helpful in that regard. But I don't think that's going to drive a huge increase in behavioral volumes.
Joanna Gajuk: Thank you. And some excuse. Very last I guess clarification question, I'll comment on the 2024 guidance or assuming no change so you put up $20 million, I guess, good guide in the quarter from supplemental that wasn't in there, but then there was a $10 million back, I guess, for debt and debt cost and -- I guess settlement, so roughly no change to your 2024 guidance? I just want to confirm that? Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yes, there is no change to our revised 2024 guidance.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment as we move on to our next question. Our next question is going to come from the line of Jamie Perse with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jamie Perse: Hey, thank you. Good morning Steve. I just wanted to go back to acute care volumes in the quarter at 1.5%. I appreciate you've been expecting some normalization but that was just weaker than expected. And want to get a sense of if you saw any change across the quarter, any callouts by payer class. If you can give us any detail on how some of the larger payer classes grew relative to that. And then as we think about normalization, is this what the new normal looks like or are there any dynamics in the third quarter that make this not representative of the go forward?
Steve Filton: Yes. So on this one Jamie, I think I'm just going to have to repeat comments that I've already made. I think that the most significant sort of dynamic in the quarter is the difficult comparison to last year which I will say we have clearly and consistently pointed out during the quarter and tried to manage people's expectations. But more importantly is that difficult comparison to last year I think was really related to the fact and I think if you go back and read or listen to our commentary from last year it was this sort of exhaustion of deferred and postponed procedures which we did view as kind of a one-time thing. What I also said earlier was I thought that if you looked at the year-to-date performance of the acute business 3% adjusted admission growth, 5% revenue per adjusted admission growth. And if you ex-d [ph] out the impact of the Nevada supplementals you start to get an acute care model that in my mind a was reflective or is reflective of our historical model but also our expectations for the future which is kind of mid-single digits 6% 7% same store revenue growth split pretty evenly between price and Volume.
Jamie Perse: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just a bit of a longer term question. We've been in a pretty unique environment really for the last five years or so. A number of structural dynamics have either emerged or maybe intensified over that period. ASC utilization, aggressive payer tactics that probably impacts administrative burden, growth in MA and HICS. I guess, just as you think about the next five years, can you level set us on strategy and in particular internal investment priorities going forward?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, it's a pretty broad question and one that I'm sure we could speak for an extended period of time about all the dynamics that you mentioned. I think broadly the way I would answer the question, which seems to be an acute care centered question, is we have a view that the care continuum has clearly been expanded and payers are looking to ensure that patients can be treated in the most cost effective settings of care, which has resulted in a growth of ambulatory surgery facilities and freestanding imaging facilities and much greater access points. We've had great success with our penetration of freestanding emergency departments as an example. But broadly, I think we are trying to participate in the investment in that broader continuum. Whether it's again, ASCs, freestanding imaging, freestanding EDs, etcetera. That's certainly one component of it. The other, I think is a continued alignment with our physicians, whether that's through accountable care organizations. We have at least one of those in every single market in which we operate, whether it's employed physicians, which we have in virtually all of our markets, etcetera. But I think we view that as we sort of continue into a pretty challenging environment and where utilization is going to be viewed carefully by payers and by the government. We think being properly aligned with our physicians is most important dynamic. So to me, I would cite those two issues, the continued emphasis on physician alignment in a bunch of different ways and the continued expansion of the care continuum as two of our major focuses as we think about the next five years.
Jamie Perse: All right, appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. Our next question is going to come from the line of Ryan Langston with TD Cowen. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Langston: Hey, Steve. Thank you. Quick one and then maybe a more broad one first. Does the SDP program benefit you called out for DC. Does that include the new facility that you're opening?
Steve Filton: Yes, it does. Although I think for the most part it's been difficult to predict what the impact on the new facility is because obviously we have no track record of utilization, etcetera. So the number that we've given is largely based on the historic performance of our acute care hospital in the district as well as we do have a behavioral hospital in the district that would have a smaller benefit from this program. But the new hospital will participate in any new Medicaid supplemental program that's approved.
Ryan Langston: So that would just be some upside potentially to what you've ranged already. I guess maybe modest.
Steve Filton: Correct. Okay.
Ryan Langston: And then maybe just more broadly, we've seen some, I guess, increase in frequency and legal headlines both on behavioral and the acute side. So just curious on your thoughts on is that just sort of the avalanche of you see one and now you're going to get three more. And if you think that might subside, I mean, it just seems like these are much higher, at least frequency than pre-COVID. So just any kind of high level thoughts on some of the legal news flow would be great. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, certainly there have been some kind of headline grabbing verdicts in I think, particularly in the behavioral space in the last year. I think, as we've indicated, we believe that the two verdicts that we have disclosed are both subject to appealable issues. At least one of the verdicts has been substantially reduced just at the trial judge level. But again, I think there's a great deal more appeal activity to go on both of those cases. I think it's hard to say whether those cases really reflect a significant, change in the landscape. I think they're both, they were both extraordinary verdicts in terms of any sort of history, in terms of the facts of the case or the jurisdictions or whatever. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are increasing our reserves for malpractice expense to recognize. I think just more broadly an increase not so much in the frequency of cases, but in the severity of cases and the severity of settlements and verdicts, etcetera, but not necessarily really driven by the two cases that we've been disclosing, because I do think those are sort of extraordinary and are both likely to be significantly reduced.
Ryan Langston: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. Our next question is going to come from the line of Matthew Gillmor with KBCM. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Matthew Gillmor: Hey, Steve, So the outlook for the Medicaid supplemental payments. I think we've heard you talk about Tennessee and DC in the past. I think today you mentioned some additional funding for Nevada of $56 million. Did that be understood to be something new that's developed, or was that already sort of baked in and understood previously?
Steve Filton: No, I think what gives rise to that incremental benefit is the state increasing the size of their Medicaid supplemental pool as a result of updating their Medicaid utilization statistics and data and submitting that to CMS. So that is something that was sort of incrementally newsworthy to us and obviously we're disclosing it now. But I think it's triggered by the increase in Medicaid utilization that the state is experiencing and as a consequence is increasing their pool of these Medicaid supplemental payments available.
Matthew Gillmor: Got it. And then, Steve, I wanted to see if you would be able to provide any comments on the hurricane dynamics. I think you mentioned some impacts around the edges with behavioral volumes, but any way to think about sort of any EBITDA impact or is it just small enough that it doesn't matter that much?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, I would say that we thought that probably in the behavioral side of the business, patient day volume would have been maybe 25, 30 basis points higher had it not been for the impacts of the hurricane. I mentioned that, I think there was a bit of a, creep up in salary expense during the quarter as a result. I think broadly we had the view that trying to quantify the impact of the hurricane in both of the segments, it was just not material enough to sort of call out as a discrete item. It certainly was, a bit of a drag during the quarter. But I think, I think our point of view was it wasn't significant enough to call out as a discrete item.
Matthew Gillmor: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question is going to come from the line of Whit Mayo with Leerink Partners. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Whit Mayo: Thanks. I'll just keep it to one question. Steve was just looking for an update on some of the EMR investments you guys have been making within the behavioral segment. How many facilities now, any benefits that you're seeing on labor or other efficiencies, and then just maybe any new strategic initiatives within that segment that we should be mindful of as we enter 2025. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, I don't necessarily have the precise data in front of me with, but I think, by early next year, we'll probably have 25 or 30 facilities live on the EMR and that implementation and installation process will continue. I think, we feel like it's generally been successful, and I think it tends to lend itself to greater efficiencies when you don't necessarily have a paper record. But also, higher quality of care, different clinicians are able to view the record more, more easily, etcetera. And that improves, I think the quality of the patient care that you can provide. I think the other technological development that we've talked about before in behavioral has to do with what we describe as patient observation or patient rounding. Having eyes on behavioral patients very, very frequently is a significant part of keeping patients safe and well. And to date, that's been a physical exercise that literally someone is laying eyes on every patient every 15 minutes or so. But to the degree that we can enhance that process technologically, have a patient wear what looks like an apple watch and have our clinicians carry what looks like a tablet around and be able to know where patients are and whether they've been observed and keep track of them more effectively that way, I think that's going to be a significant development that will help in the behavioral business in a great many ways in terms of quality of patient care and risk management, etcetera, in the next few years.
Whit Mayo: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. Our next question is going to come from the line of Michael Ha with Baird. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Ha: Thank you. Steve, I think last quarter you mentioned a lot of cost management in your acute care business in preparation for that sort of eventual return to pre pandemic volume. And then basically the aim of being able to continue EBITDA and margin expansion even when things moderate. So now that volumes appear to be moderating and acuity seems to be picking up, it feels like it might be materializing faster than most expected. So I wanted to revisit this topic, ask about those cost management efforts, how it's been tracking, how has it been tracking. And at this point in time, if volumes do continue to moderate, what's your confidence level that you're right now in the right position to drive that EBITDA and margin expansion in the queue?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, I think the point that I tried to make last quarter, maybe in the last couple of quarters is this sort of idea that some of the traditional kind of blocking and tackling that we have done from a productivity standpoint was, if not suspended, maybe paused temporarily during the pandemic. We were so challenged in finding an adequate workforce and keeping an adequate workforce during the pandemic. There were, we definitely sort of, there was a reluctance to manage to what we would sort of consider peak efficiency. I think as we emerge from the pandemic more willing to do the sort of things that I think we've always historically done, including adjusting to volumes as they moved up and down. And I think you saw that last quarter and I think you saw that this quarter as well, where salaries as a percentage of revenues has been coming down and coming down pretty steadily, and I think is really one of the main contributors to that margin recovery. I think that's continuing. And I think the point being I don't exactly know where acute care volumes will move, and I don't think anybody really knows for certain. But I think we're in a position where we're much more, flexible about reacting to that and reacting to that in an efficient way than, we were at the height of the pandemic when we face so many more staffing challenges.
Michael Ha: Thank you. And then follow up, California and New Mexico supplemental payments for 2025. We're hearing it could be potentially 70 million to 80 million for California, 30 for New Mexico. To UHS was wondering if you've any sort of additional clarity on sizing. And then with all the recent discussion around state proposals and the CMS raising those payments to average commercial rates for next year, I was wondering if you could talk more about those proposals. The potential tailwind, not just California and Florida, which everyone's been focused on, but across all your states, I guess. How real of a potential tailwind is this? Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yes, so just responding to the specific questions you asked, New Mexico, I don't think is a significant, again, upside for us. We have one small behavioral facility in New Mexico, California, we obviously have a much bigger presence, both for acute and behavioral. And I think the challenge in terms of sizing the potential benefit in California is that the state has not created a formal plan or an allocation methodology, etcetera. So even though we understand that the potential benefit in total could be quite significant, we really have no way of knowing exactly how that would impact specific hospitals, how it would be allocated among specific hospitals until the state issues a more specific plan, which at least we understand is not likely to happen until sometime maybe next year, early next year. Your broader question about are more states likely to increase their programs or develop new programs, increase their funding to average commercial rates? It really varies by. And you know, we've sort of had this practice of we really only disclose them when the states have a formal plan, that they submit it to CMS and are awaiting approval. But we certainly, like others, are aware that other states are contemplating this in earlier stages, etcetera. And so we continue to believe that the potential benefit could be significant beyond just the ones that we disclosed, which are significant, I think, in and of themselves, but difficult to size that opportunity in any sort of precise way until the states develop their plans and Submit them to CMS.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. Our next question is going to come from the line of Ben Hendrix with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ben Hendrix: Great. Thank you very much. Just a quick follow up on some of the psychiatric questions, especially in residential psych. And I think I've asked this question, but just wanted to get any update or any updated thoughts on your strategic initiatives around psych. I know you mentioned, the higher liability reserves and some very specific issues at some of your facilities. Is there any thoughts on kind of changing strategic direction or evolving strategy there? And could we potentially, amid this heightened security, could there be consolidation opportunities in residential? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, I was asked kind of a more strategic question earlier. Well, that focus was on acute care. But then I think in some ways the, my answer on behavioral and my outlook is similar in the sense that we see an expanding continuum in which outpatient care is likely to play a greater role and there'll be more demand for access to outpatient care. And we're expanding our outpatient footprint in response to that. I think we continue to expand our services to military members because that seems to be a growing and significant part of the business. The SUD [ph] or addiction business continues to grow and demand is increasing there. And I think we're increasing our exposure there. Yes, I don't know that it's particularly an acute residential sort of issue of paying attention or focusing on one more than the other as much as it is these other service lines, which we think are growing. And I would add to sort of the outpatient dynamic, continuing expansion of telehealth capabilities as well.
Ben Hendrix: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. And I would like to hand the conference back over to Steve Filton for any closing remarks.
Steve Filton: Yes, we'd just like to thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking with people at the end of next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect, everyone. Have a great day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q2 2024 Universal Health Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Steve Filton, Executive Vice President and CFO. Please go ahead.
Steve Filton: Good morning. Marc Miller is also joining us this morning. We welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2024. During the conference call, we'll be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and forward-looking statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $4.26 for the second quarter of 2024. After adjusting for the impact of the items reflected on the supplemental schedule, as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $4.31 for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. Our acute hospitals experienced a moderation of the demand for their services in the second quarter with adjusted admissions increasing 3.4% year-over-year and surgical growth flattening out. Overall, revenue growth was still a solid 6.6%. Meanwhile, expenses were well controlled. Specifically, the amount of premium pay in the second quarter was $61 million, reflecting a 15% to 20% decline from the prior year quarter. On a same facility basis, EBITDA at our acute care hospitals increased 37% during the second quarter of 2024 as compared to the comparable prior year quarter. And the increase was 20% if you exclude the impact of the incremental Medicaid supplemental payments in Nevada. During the second quarter, same facility revenues in our behavioral health hospitals increased by 11%, primarily driven by a 9.3% increase in revenue per adjusted patient day. Even after adjusting for Medicaid supplemental payments not included in our original 2024 guidance, same facility revenues increased by 7.2% and same facility EBITDA for our behavioral health hospitals increased 13% in the second quarter as compared to the comparable prior year period. Our cash generated from operating activities increased by $422 million to $1.1 billion during the first six months of 2024 and as compared to $654 million during the same period in 2023. In the first half of 2024, we spent $450 million on capital expenditures and acquired 1.1 million of our own shares at a total cost of approximately $195 million. Since 2019, we have repurchased approximately 30% of the company's outstanding shares. As of June 30, 2024, we had $1 billion of aggregate available borrowing capacity pursuant to our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility. In our acute care segment, we continue to develop additional inpatient and ambulatory care capacity. We currently have 27 operational freestanding emergency departments as well as 12 more, which have been approved and are in various stages of development. Also, construction continues on our de novo acute care hospitals consisting of the 150-bed West Henderson Hospital in Las Vegas, Nevada, which is expected to open late this year. The 136 bed Cedar Hill Regional Medical Center in Washington, D.C. which is expected to open in the spring of 2025, and the 150-bed Alan B. Miller Medical Center in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, which is expected to open in the spring of 2026. In our behavioral health segment, we recently opened the 128-bed River Vista Behavioral Hospital in Madera, California, and we are developing the 96 beds Southridge Behavioral Hospital in West Michigan a joint venture with Trinity Health Michigan, which is expected to open later this year. I'll now turn the call over to Marc Miller, President and CEO, for closing comments.
Marc Miller: Thanks, Steve. We're pleased with our second quarter results as both our business segments continued to make operational improvements. As we anticipated, acute care volumes have moderated somewhat and are gradually be going to resemble the patterns we experienced prior to pandemic. The increase in operating income in comparison to last year's second quarter for acute care hospitals is a further step towards a more extended margin recovery, we hope to sustain for the next several periods. In our acute segment, physician expense, which is a significant headwind in 2023, has stabilized at approximately 7.5% of revenues. Based on the generally favorable operating trends in the first half of the year, we are increasing the midpoint of our 2024 EPS guidance by 17% to $15.80 per diluted share from $13.50 per diluted share previously. New supplemental programs being developed in Tennessee and Washington D.C. which are not yet fully approved are not included in our revised guidance. Lastly, as announced in yesterday's earnings release, our Board of Directors has authorized a $1 billion increase to our stock repurchase program, thereby increasing the current aggregate purchase -- repurchase authorization to $1.228 billion. We're happy to answer questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] One moment for our first question which comes from Ann Hynes of Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
Ann Hynes: Great. Thanks. I just want to focus my question on the supplemental payments. I'm just trying to figure out what inning you are in both the acute care and behavioral for maybe new programs. Like so you mentioned D.C. that sounds like it might be a new program in acute care. And on the behavioral side going forward that would be great. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, Ann, so I think we had mentioned before that I think from our perspective while we may understand that individual states are contemplating either new programs or expansion of existing programs, we tend to really not discuss them until there is some formal submission of a program to CMS and sort of pending approvals with -- from CMS within the state and both the Tennessee and Washington D.C. programs sort of fall into that category. As you suggest, Tennessee is a state in which we have exclusively behavioral business. Washington D.C. is a geography where we have both acute and behavioral business although the Medicaid supplemental program would be primarily beneficial to the acute business. Both programs we have been told that the expectation from state of the district is that the programs are likely to be approved either later this year or early next year. Both programs would be retroactive. We believe Tennessee would be retroactive most likely to July of 2024 and that D.C. would be retroactive to October of 2024 this year. And again, none of these things are guaranteed and they all depend on CMS approval. Those are the two I'll call them incremental or additional programs we would disclose. But we certainly are aware of other states and where expansion of programs or new programs are at least being considered.
Ann Hynes: Great. And just one follow-up. I know that you provided the potential benefit for Tennessee, but have you -- can you provide what you think D.C. would be? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So, we've disclosed in our 10-Q that we think the potential benefit of our prior 10-Q the potential benefit in Tennessee would be between $42 million and $56 million annually. The potential benefit in Washington D.C. is probably in the $80 million to $90 million range annually.
Ann Hynes: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. And our next question will be coming from Stephen Baxter of Wells Fargo. Your line is open, Stephen.
Stephen Baxter: Hi. Thanks. I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit on behavioral volume performance in the quarter. I think you had expectations maybe the last earnings call just going to improve a little bit in the second quarter. So just wondering if you could talk about some of the drivers of performance in the quarter. And then also, how you're thinking about behavioral demand growth in the back end of the year. Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yes. I think that the dynamics surrounding behavioral volumes have remained pretty much the same. You are correct in your description. We -- behavioral patient days on a same-store adjusted basis were up I think about 2% in Q1. We expect it be to equal and maybe better than slightly in Q2. We did not. I think the issues are very familiar to what we've been talking about for some time, while we've made I think a lot of progress on filling our labor vacancies around the country. We still find in very specific markets and geographies that certain labor positions sometimes nurses, sometimes therapists and counselors, sometimes nonprofessionals and mental health technicians are difficult to place and can sometimes limit capacity or our ability to admit patients. I think we've discussed in the last few quarters the fact that Medicaid disenrollments, particularly in the Southern states, Texas and Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas have had more of an impact on our business as people have gotten disenrolled from Medicaid and it's taken them some time to get either reenrolled in Medicaid or into a commercial exchange program, if they get into a commercial exchange program they often have the high co-pays and deductibles which make them meeting their financial requirements difficult behavioral hospitals. And finally, we have a handful of behavioral facilities that struggled with very specific issues in 2023, I believe they've all improved but are doing so at a somewhat slower pace than we originally imagined they would. I think ultimately we still believe that that 3% patient day growth target that we embedded in our original 2024 guidance is an achievable target, probably not in terms of full year growth. But I think we believe that by the end of 2024, we should be growing at that rate and we view that as a sustainable rate of growth going forward.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. And our next question will be coming from Ben Hendrix of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ben Hendrix: Thank you very much. Just wanted to see if you could elaborate a little bit on the moderation in acute demand and your surgeries flattening out with trending towards pre-COVID levels. Any trends you can call specifically in specific categories and any payer mix implications there, and how you're seeing that develop? Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, so one comment that I'd make about the 3.4% adjusted admission growth in acute care is that that comparable number in the second quarter of last year was 7.7% and surgical growth in the second quarter of last year was in the 5% to 6% range. So those were both very difficult comparisons. I think we had a view that 3.4% adjusted admission growth a relatively flat. Surgical growth was relatively close to our expectations given the very difficult comparison. We've been talking I think for some time about the expectation that acute care volumes both overall admissions and surgical growth would return to pre-pandemic patterns. I don't know that that's absolutely where we are right today. But certainly I think we've been preparing for that. And I think a lot of the cost management that you saw during the quarter was an expectation and preparing for that, so that as we return to some of those pre-pandemic levels of revenue and volume growth, we could generate the increased EBITDA and margin expansion and remain on that trajectory for at least several more periods.
Ben Hendrix: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And our next question will be coming from A.J. Rice of UBS. Your line is open.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Maybe just first question and then I have a follow-up. First question on the updated guidance, I know you didn't raise the full year guidance after the first quarter and there was some outperformance, and then you've had some outperformance in the second quarter. And then there's also the supplemental payments maybe that weren't in the original guidance. Can you just parse out how much is just capturing year-to-date trends? How much is an adjustment for supplemental payment information? And then have you made any adjustment to your second half expectations in this updated guidance?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So A.J. from a high-level perspective the approach that we took to the revised guidance was, obviously, to increase the guidance by the amount of the first half beat, which was substantial to include in the revised guidance for the back half of the year. Any supplemental programs and payments that we knew would continue and be present in the second half. We did not as Marc indicated in his comments include anything for Tennessee or Washington D.C. And then we included some of the cost management improvements that we've made, which we believe are certainly sustainable. But for the most part particularly from I think a revenue and a volume perspective just generally retained our original guidance for the second half of the year.
A.J. Rice: Okay. There's been a lot of discussion this quarter about impact of two-midnight rule Medicaid redeterminations and so forth. Can you just maybe make some comments about what you're seeing there and how -- I know two-midnight rule wouldn't affect the behavioral business, but the redeterminations maybe it had some impact on both sides. Any updated thoughts on what you're seeing in those two areas?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean as far as two-midnight goes and we've commented on this before and I acknowledge that our comments may be a little bit different than what some of our peers have said. But we've been unable to validate, or I think precisely identify any real benefit that we're getting from the two-midnight rule change. We don't see any dramatic change in metrics like amount of denials or patient status changes, et cetera. Nor anecdotally do we hear from our personnel who deal with this issue on a daily basis that they've seen real behavior changes on the part of payers. Again I know some of our peers have suggested otherwise, but we're just unable to really parse out any significant impact from the change of the two-midnight rule. Medicaid redeterminations, I think on the acute side have resulted in an increase in commercial exchange patients. Again I think compared to some of our peers probably not as big an increase. We've gone -- we had commercial exchange patients as a percentage of our overall adjusted admissions. Pre the end of the PAT was about 4%. I think that number has climbed to about 5% currently. I know some of our peers have suggested that number has climbed to 6% or 7%. We haven't gotten that high. On the behavioral side, I alluded to this in an earlier response. I do think we're being affected by the Medicaid redeterminations, particularly in the adolescent population. We definitely have seen some weakness in that population in the last, I'm going to say, two three quarters. And it's -- I think, it's been a slow process for those adolescents to either reenroll in Medicaid or to get on to a commercial exchange program. And if they get on to a commercial exchange program, to exhaust a bit or sometimes large copays and deductibles that those plans have. So, I think Medicaid redeterminations to probably had a bigger negative impact on the behavioral business, the shift to commercial exchanges on the acute side, has probably been a slight net positive.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And our next question will be coming from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Q – Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. Steve, first on the guidance, in terms of just kind of isolating that DPP bucket, I think you started the year at about $810 million in the 10-K that you expected to get this year. You updated it to $860 million, with the ones with the 10-Q. Just curious, what that number is right now that you expect to get this year. So let's just do that in my first question. Then, I've got one for Marc. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So we're still working on that disclosure, which we'll have in our 10-K in eight or 10 days. But I think there'll be a significant step up from the $860 million obviously, including the Washington I know numbers that we included in the press release, et cetera. But there'll be a more precise picture that we file our Q in a week or so.
Q – Justin Lake: Okay. Do you have a round number, you could share with us? Like does it go to -- do you think it goes much higher than $900 million? Or if I add those two numbers in there?
Steve Filton: Yes, I think it will go into the low to mid-900s.
Q – Justin Lake: Okay. So, if we look at your guidance raise of $215 million, you started the year at around 810. If it goes to low to mid-900s, is it maybe fair to say that, maybe half give or take of that guidance raise is coming from these supplemental payments? That a reasonable way to think about the rest [indiscernible]?
Steve Filton: I think that's fair.
Q – Justin Lake: Okay. And then Marc, you talked about the improvement in the hospital business in terms of the margins. Curious, if the -- there's still a potential way to go to get back to pre-COVID levels. What do you think a reasonable target is when you sit down with your hospital operators? And do you have a trajectory or a plan, at which you kind of time line is probably the best way to put it in terms of when you expect to get there? Maybe you could share a couple of the steps, you expect to take to get that. Thanks.
Marc Miller: Yes. I mean, we have a lot of plans and there's a lot of discussions on how we're going to continue to incrementally improve. I'm not going to give you a number or a time period right now. But every market is a little bit different, obviously. We've been very pleased, with the work that the operators have done especially, in the last 12 months. In addressing not only the volume issues, but really getting a better handle on expenses. And I think if we just continue with that trajectory, we'll get to where we need to be fairly soon, but we still have a little ways to go.
Q – Justin Lake: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. And our next question will be coming from Jason Cassorla of Citi. Your line is open, Jason.
Q – Jason Cassorla: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Maybe just to ask on the acute pricing and mix in the quarter up 3.5% or so, but kind of normalizing for the supplemental payment dollars this year maybe only up kind of slightly year-over-year. Is that just simply a function of that lower acuity volume continue to return? I know you made comments around surgical volume dynamic in the quarter? Or just maybe anything you can give on acuity and payer mix trends within a Q kind of outside of the supplemental payment programs would be helpful.
Q – Justin Lake: Yes. I think it's a variety of things, Jason. Again, I think we had a pretty difficult comparison. We were comparing to something close to 10%, revenue growth last quarter high surgical and less years quarter, rather high surgical growth, et cetera. I think we're seeing some settling down, some exhaustion of some of those postponed and deferred procedures that have been postponing deferred, during the pandemic. I think that even exclusive of the supplemental payments our expectation in the acute business is, we'll get to as we have historically a same-store revenue growth sort of trajectory of 5% 6% split pretty evenly between price and volume. And again, I think with our with the progress that we've made as both Marc and I have alluded to on the cost management side, that should allow us continued EBITDA growth and margin expansion until we get either completely back to or something close to pre-pandemic margin levels in that segment.
Q – Jason Cassorla: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then maybe just a follow-up. With the $1 billion increase to the share repo program, I know you accelerated a little bit in terms of share repo activity in the quarter maybe with the Illinois lawsuit kind of dynamics going on. But with the increase there in the repo program, is the expectation that you're still aiming to spend around $500 million $600 million on share repo for this year? Or how should we think about the share repurchase dynamics? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So, I think your suggestion is largely on point. Our original guidance suggested that we would spend the bulk of our free cash flow, which would be $500 million or $600 million on share repurchase. And I think that is still our intent. And I think frankly the main point of including that announcement in this quarter's release was to just reinforce that idea. We believe we're still on track and obviously we needed the reauthorization to be able to accomplish that.
Q – Jason Cassorla: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will be coming from Sarah James of Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Sarah James: Thank you. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the embedded adjusted admissions growth baked into your guidance for the second half. Are you assuming that first half levels stay flat or decelerate? And could you talk a little bit about what the drivers are for that assumption?
Steve Filton: Yes. So, our volume assumptions I think in the back half of the year are not terribly different than our original guidance. On the acute side, I think it's adjusted admission growth in the 3% to 4% range just sort of continuing kind of how we're exiting the in the second quarter. I think on the behavioral side, practically, it will be a tall order to get to 3% patient day growth for the full year. But I do think that we still believe that we'll get to that 3% by the end of the year and that that will be a sustainable level or a level of growth that we can sustain for the foreseeable future after that.
Sarah James: Got it. And on the behavioral side, do you think about getting to that 3% as mostly capacity driven? And do you have any updates on how you're hiring practices are going? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean I think it's a combination of things. I ticked off I think the things that have been progressing a little more slowly than we expected. I think we believe that will accelerate. We believe we'll continue to have more success in hiring particularly in pockets that have been somewhat troublesome. I think that the impact of the Medicaid disenrollment, which I do think is weighed down our volume in the last three or four quarters will get better as more of these people get either reenrolled in Medicaid or in commercial exchange products and the copays and deductibles. And I believe the progress on the handful of residential facilities that have been a drag which have been progressing but at a somewhat slower rate than we expect will continue and all that will help and allow us to get back to the 3%, which I think again was our original plan it's just happening a little bit more slowly than we had originally anticipated.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will be coming from Andrew Mok of Barclays. Andrew, your line is open.
Andrew Mok: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to follow up on the Medicaid supplemental payment programs. First can you give us a sense where these programs stand relative to average commercial rates? And second how does the higher Medicaid reimbursement change the relative attractiveness of patients in that payer class? Is this a category that you would lean into from a referral and service line perspective? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So, -- and I think at least one of my acute care company peers made this point that even though there have been these substantial increases in Medicaid supplemental payments around the country that for the most part. And I think this is particularly true on the acute side our Medicaid reimbursement remains well below commercial rates mostly well below Medicare rates. And quite frankly in most cases still below our cost. So, we've made the point before and I'll reinforce it again because it's an important one that these Medicaid increases are really intended to I think make up for the inadequate reimbursement of the last several years, particularly the cost pressures that accelerated during the pandemic just broadly inflation pressures, but also the particular wage pressures that were exacerbated during the pandemic. I think on the behavioral side, at least in some of the states the Medicaid supplemental payments do in some cases approach Medicare reimbursement in some cases sort of probably between Medicare and commercial. I think in those states and in those facilities it does sort of change our approach and it I think encourages us to focus on those referral sources and those community resources that tend to produce Medicaid patients. And I think we it does inform our approach in those markets. And we are I think the phrase you used was leaning into that. I think on the acute side the vast majority of our Medicaid business comes to our emergency room. So, there's not a whole lot of proactive actions that we take to seek that business out we get the business we get and we're just being reimbursed for that a more adequate rate. But yes, on the behavioral side, I do think that we're in those space where these programs increase the Medicaid reimbursement to a level that makes it more attractive. We are using upraise leaning into that business and trying to work with referral sources to get more of it.
Andrew Mok: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. And our next question will be coming from Pito Chickering of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open, Pito.
Pito Chickering: Hey. Good morning guys. So, on the acute labor side, can you talk about where turnover is today where hiring is and how to think about those in the back half of the year as well as contract labor? And also as length of stay comes down due to better staffing, how does length of stay reductions help your EBITDA growth?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So as far as acute care turnover Tito, I think that we're down into the low-and-mid-20s which is kind of where we were in sort of the pre-pandemic period. Obviously we still view that turnover rate as high. But to be fair that's -- the hospital and acute care industry has had turnover rates in the high-20s and low-30s and nationally for a long time. And while we view those as still very inefficient and not necessarily ideal and we continue to work to lower them. Part of that is it's just the nature of the business. But obviously, as I indicated in my prepared comments our ability to reduce premium pay which has been reduced almost probably by two-thirds from its height at the -- the very height of the pandemic indicates more success in hiring and filling these permanent positions. I think you also see it in our -- in just our deceleration or a reduction, in the rate of acceleration, in wage inflation, in the acute business, the reduction in incentive payments, recruitment incentive payments et cetera, all indicate I think a settling out of the labor supply demand dynamic and just greater success on our part in filling our open vacancies. As far as the length of stay dynamic, because the vast majority of our payments are made on a per discharge basis the lower our rate to stay, the more efficient we are in being able to treat patients and fully treat them and discharge them to the appropriate setting whether that's home or to some sort of subacute facility to the degree that we reduce length of stay. We're really reducing our cost per discharge or cost per admission. And then, again, I think that we've lowered our length of stay dramatically from the height of the pandemic, but even continue to do so incrementally. And again I think that's partly reflected in our very successful cost management and cost reduction initiatives that you can see on our income statement.
Pito Chickering: Okay. There's been some negative press recently including the Senate Finance Committee on results of care. Are you seeing that impact to your referrals at all?
Steve Filton: Yeah. Honestly, Pito, we really have seen virtually no impact from the Senate hearing and report. I think the greatest impact we would expect perhaps to have seen would be from referral sources. But I think what we kind of believe is the lesson from this is that referral sources understand the business very well. They understand this is a very difficult patient population. They understand that our hospitals, I think do overall a very admirable job. And I think the outcomes and the patient satisfaction results suggest that patients are generally satisfied and highly satisfied with their care in these facilities. And I think referral sources recognized that. So no we've really seen no impact on our volumes no impact from referral sources not necessarily any additional incremental regulatory oversight. So we're pleased with that.
Pito Chickering: Perfect. Great. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. And our next question will be coming from Michael Ha of Baird. Your line is open.
Michael Ha: Thank you. So on behavioral volumes still yet to slowly rebound pricing remains powerful. I was wondering if you could help us break out roughly how much of the volume headwind is Medicaid redeterminations versus labor-related constraints? Is it 50-50 maybe more of redetermination related? And would it be fair to say that redetermination impact tails off into the back half of this year that it creates a positive backdrop? And against easier second half volume comps that should help the bounce back naturally in behavioral volumes. And then, if you could discuss the source of behavioral pricing strength I think you said 7.2% as the supplemental payments. So if you could just test some of the dynamics there is it what's happening in par pricing that would be helpful. Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, again, I would just make the point that the shortfall from where our behavioral volumes are the 1.4% patient day growth in the quarter versus where we thought we would be which would be continuation of Q1 at around 2% or maybe a little bit higher than that. It's not an enormous shortfall. And its 60, 70, 80 basis points and therefore it's like to parse with great precision between the issues that I elaborated on the staffing, the Medicaid redeterminations the handful of residential facilities. So that's difficult to do. I think broadly as your question suggests we do believe redeterminations get -- or the impact from redeterminations get better in the back half of the year as we do believe these other issues the staffing and the residential facilities will get better in the back half of the year and allow us to reach that 3% target.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. Our next question will be coming from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck : Okay. Just a follow- on that comment there about the site volume improvement. I guess two questions. First one is, is there any sign, I guess, maybe outside of the Medicaid population that demand in any way shape or form is being impacted? Or is this really just about kind of capacity and then redeterminations? And then second, when you think about that labor dynamic to get back to 3% by the end of the year and to consistently be growing 3%. I mean, you're going to have to be adding staff at that pace. Are you currently adding staff at that pace generally that would support that? It sounds like you're not quite there yet. So just trying to understand what you're doing between now and year-end that should be getting you to kind of sustainably add that type of capacity? Thanks.
Steve Filton : Yes, Kevin. So I think -- and part of the reason that I think we have been confident that behavioral volumes should and could increase to sort of more historically normative levels is that we believe the underlying demand is strong and we measure that in a couple of different ways. We measure it sort of from a macro basis, there's a lot of sources of incidence of behavioral illness and the need for treatment in a whole variety of diagnoses, including opioid illness and many others. And again, we believe that virtually across the board demand for behavioral treatment continues to increase. And so this really becomes an issue of can we -- what do we have to do to satisfy that demand and that sort of plays into the labor dynamic? Yes, we are. We continue to have net hires. I would say, our -- we have had positive net hires for between the last 18 and 24 months. Again, it's been incremental and a little slower than we thought, but we continue to add that. I think one of the major areas of focus more recently is we had a question earlier, I think, for Pito about acute care turnover. Behavioral turnover tends to be probably twice what acute care is. And that creates a lot of inefficiency. So even though we're hiring a lot of people they're leaving. And again, I think, this is not just a UHS issue. I think it's an industry-wide issue. But we are very focused on the things that we can do and want to do to reduce that turnover rate, which includes mentorship programs and educational opportunities and career development opportunities so that when we hire people they really have an incentive to want to stay with the organization to stay with the facility. And I do believe that we can reduce our turnover rate, which I think is a practical objective. That will be one way in which we'll be able to satisfy some of that outstanding behavioral demand that we've really been unable to satisfy as much as we'd like to in recent periods.
Kevin Fischbeck : All right. Great. Is there an actual physical capacity dynamic too that you need to be adding beds? Or is there enough bed capacity it's really just the labor that's the constraint?
Steve Filton : Yes. So I think it's sort of a catch 22. I think we dramatically reduced the pace at which we were adding beds during the pandemic, because we had a view that well what's the point of adding new beds if we can't staff the beds that we already have. I think as we make more and more progress, and again, this is an individual facility individual market kind of calculation in each phase, but as we increase our ability to fill those vacancies et cetera and sort of see a path and a ramp to being able to fill those vacancies, I think, we're going to be more willing to resume the pace of bed additions that we were running at before the pandemic.
Kevin Fischbeck : Thanks.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. And our next question will be coming from Whit Mayo of Leerink Partners. Whit, your line is open.
Whit Mayo : Hey, Steve I have one more labor dynamic question. What's interesting is this is fourth consecutive quarter where your SWB per patient day has moderated. And I'm just really trying to square this against the comments on the challenges in filling positions. You said you're hiring maybe a little bit slower than you thought, but it's not pressuring the salary line at all. And I guess, I would have thought intuitively the opposite would happen, but maybe there's something optical with the mix of RTC versus acute or something. How do I make sense of this?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, I think what you saw during the pandemic was people leaving subacute industries and that obviously included behavioral, but it included, I think, lots of other sub-acute industries like nursing homes and skilled nursing facilities and home health. And they were leaving those industries to work in acute care settings where they were able to make a significant premium to their existing salaries. And I think there's always been for sure a gap and that acute care compensation rates were always higher than sub-acute care compensation rate, but that gap widened dramatically during the pandemic. I do think it has since narrowed. And so really -- and that's I'm trying to answer your question in the sense of. So it really got to be an issue. It didn't matter when a nurse told us -- a behavioral nurse told us that she was leaving to make three times for salary in an acute care setting. Raising her salary by $2 an hour et cetera was not going to have any impact which is why I don't think you saw dramatic pressure on our behavioral rates during the pandemic and which is why as you're suggesting I think you're seeing moderation actually in our salaries and wages per patient day. Because the way we're solving this problem is not necessarily through higher premium payments and incentive payments. Although, we certainly did that during the pandemic and we do it in markets where we still think it's necessary. But I think our real focus is on how do we make people feel that working in a behavioral setting is rewarding is creating career opportunities for them is a place that they're going to be valued et cetera. And I think that's our focus. Look certainly and particularly with the availability of some of these Medicaid supplemental payments et cetera in some markets, if we believe that paying higher compensation and -- could be an answer we'll pursue that. But again I'm going to suggest that I think in most cases this is not a problem of throwing money at it just automatically solves it. But we'll invest more money where we think it makes sense.
Whit Mayo: Okay. And my follow-up I haven't heard you talk about the health plan business in some time. Wondering how that's performing versus expectations? And how you guys think of that as a core business for UHS? Or do you think differently at all about it? Thanks.
Steve Filton: I mean we've talked about the health plans and time to time. I think like any provider-sponsored health plan and this is really an acute care dynamic. We only operate the health plan in markets in which we have acute care hospitals. And it is a way for us to create narrow networks in which our hospitals participate. It's a way for us to create further alignment with Medicare physicians particularly in plants that are focused on Medicare Advantage patients. And we think ultimately even though the plan operates largely at a breakeven level currently that it's still less expensive and greater, sort of, return investment than some other options like physician employment or other similar options although we certainly do those things as well. And so, yes, the health plan continues to do that. It continues to provide us again I think a narrower network and a funnel of patients in certain markets and we'll continue to operate it with that aim.
Whit Mayo: Thanks.
Operator: Our last question will be coming from Joshua Raskin of Nephron Research. Joshua, your line is open.
Joshua Raskin: Hi. Thanks, Just one more Steve. I guess, I heard the 5% of patients are coming with exchange-based insurance. But what percentage of revenue is coming from those individual exchange patients? I'll be curious across both segments. And if you could comment on the margins of those patients relative to your other segments? And then why do you think that 5% is lower than peers? Is that network strategy and contracting? Or do you think that's geographic based?
Steve Filton: As far as the second question I don't really know the answer to that Josh. As far as the first one goes because I think commercial exchange reimbursement tends to be somewhere between Medicare and commercial probably a little closer to Medicare I would say I don't have this data right in front of me, but my guesstimate would be the 5% of admissions would be something pretty close to what percentage of revenue would be because I would think that sort of midpoint between commercial and Medicare is probably about the midpoint of our reimbursement.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. And margins you think similar to somewhere between Medicare and commercial then?
Steve Filton: Yes. Yes. I'm sorry, but yes.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We did get an additional question from Ryan Langston and that's Ryan Langston of TD Cowen. Your line is open, Ryan.
Ryan Langston: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just real quick on the new facilities that are coming online both I guess in the acute and behavioral can you just remind us generally how long it takes those facilities to get to breakeven? And do the geographies or any other dynamics in those markets have any changes to that maybe faster or slower? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. I would say generally the ramp of the facility to breakeven is probably in the 6-month to 12-month range and then to what I would consider to be divisional averages probably the 18-month to 24-month range. In markets like Las Vegas that time frame tends to be compressed. Again I think there's little impact this year in 2024 because the facility that we're opening in Las Vegas will be very late in the year. So I don't think it's going to have much of an impact on earnings this year. And we'll get more precise feedback on the impact of both West Henderson and the Washington D.C. facility when we give our 2025 guidance early next year.
Ryan Langston: Thanks.
Operator: Okay. And I'm showing no further questions. I would now like to turn the conference back to Steve Filton for closing remarks.
Steve Filton: We would just like to thank everybody for their time this morning and look forward to speaking with everybody again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Universal Health Services First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  
 Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Steve Filton, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead. 
Steve Filton: Thank you, and good morning. Marc Miller is also joining us this morning. We welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2024. During this conference call, we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. 
 As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $3.82 for the first quarter of 2024. After adjusting for the impact of the items reflected on the supplemental schedule, as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $3.70 for the quarter ended March 31, 2024.  
 Our acute hospitals continue to experience strong demand for their services in the first quarter with adjusted admissions increasing 4.5% year-over-year on a same facility basis. When combined with the net revenue per adjusted admission increase of 4.6%, our acute care services net revenues increased by 9.6% during the first quarter of 2024, as compared to the first quarter of 2023. Despite these increases, we believe that both volumes and acuity in March were adversely impacted by the timing of Easter and spring break which occurred in March of this year compared to April of last year.  
 In connection with the previously disclosed newly implemented Medicaid supplemental reimbursement program in Nevada, our acute care hospitals located in the state recorded approximately $38 million of aggregate incremental income during the first quarter of 2024.  
 Meanwhile, premium pay in the quarter was $68 million as compared to $86 million in the first quarter of 2023. During the first quarter of 2024, same-facility net revenues in our Behavioral Health Hospitals increased by 10.4%, driven primarily by an 8.2% increase in revenue per adjusted day. Adjusted patient day growth in the quarter was 2.0% over the prior year quarter. We believe the patient day volume was muted somewhat by the aforementioned calendar timing issues.  
 Our cash generated from operating activities increased by $106 million to $396 million during the first quarter of 2024 as compared to $291 million during the same quarter in 2023. In the first quarter of 2024, we spent $209 million on capital expenditures and acquired 700,000 of our own shares at a cost of approximately $125 million. Since January 1, 2019, we have repurchased almost 27 million shares, representing 30% of our shares outstanding as of that date.  
 As of March 31, 2024, we had $733 million of aggregate available borrowing capacity pursuant to our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility. I will now turn the call over to Marc Miller, President and CEO, for closing comments. 
Marc Miller: Thanks, Steve. In our year-end conference call, we said we envisioned 2024 as a year of continued strength in both of our business segments. And during the first quarter of 2024, both segments increased their operating margins when compared to the comparable quarter of 2023. We anticipated that acute care volumes would likely moderate to a degree, but remain robust compared to historical levels. We also believe the acuity trends will continue their recovery trajectory.  
 In our Behavioral Health segment, we anticipated that patient day volumes would gradually improve over the course of the year, returning to a more historically normal level of growth in the 3% range. We noted that both of our business segments have experienced a significant increase in Medicaid supplemental payments which are helping to compensate for several years of inadequate reimbursement levels that have failed to keep up with the costs we had to incur to properly care for our patients. Overall, we're pleased with first quarter results. We are now happy to answer questions at this time. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Our first question comes from the line of Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. 
Justin Lake: First question on your acute care volumes in the quarter. Just to your point, Steve, I think it's pretty clear the calendar had some impacts, January, February stronger, March weaker. So I'm curious if you can maybe share with us what you were seeing monthly or maybe kind of Jan, Feb versus March. And then how does April kind of starting to look versus March? Are you seeing it kind of back to January, February levels or somewhere in between?  
 And then secondly, we know you've got a bunch of Medicaid dollars in Nevada, curious what ran through the behavioral business in the quarter. For instance, Mississippi, I think, had at a program that was put in, can you give us some color on the impact of those Medicaid provider tax dollars and behavioral? That would be helpful as well. 
Steve Filton: Okay, I'll try and tackle a bunch of different issues there. Yes, so definitely acute care volumes and behavioral volumes softened in March, I think, as a result of the Easter spring break timing. We're seeing some recovery in April, I would say April is probably volume-wise somewhere in between the January, February run rate and the March run rates. And I think that's what we would expect. I mean, the shortfall in admission and elective activity and surgical activity that we saw in March, I think we would largely expect to make up not necessarily completely in April, but mostly through the second quarter. And it seems like we're on track to do that.  
 As far as the Medicaid dollars, the one thing I would point out is we probably had in the quarter on the behavioral side, maybe $10 million to $15 million of out-of-period behavioral dollars that is we're catching up, mostly from 2023 as programs sort of refine their calculations, et cetera. So I think that's the major point in terms of the activity. Obviously, we disclosed in our at 10-Ks and 10-Q a great deal of detail about these Medicaid supplemental payments. And we'll update that disclosure in the 10-Q that we'll file in a week or so. Operator, we can get the next question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ann Hynes of Mizuho Securities. 
Ann Hynes: So obviously, you beat consensus EPS and EBITDA meaningfully. Can you tell us what you beat versus your internal expectations? Is my first question.  
 And my second question is, inpatient grew higher than outpatient in the quarter. Could you let us know how much is from the 2-Midnight Rule? 
Steve Filton: Thanks, Ann. Yes, I mean, our internal budget for the quarter was not far off from consensus. I think maybe it was a little bit higher than consensus, so maybe 2 or 3 percentage points higher than consensus. But obviously, it was a successful quarter, both in terms of the third-party expectations as well as our own. As far as the 2-Midnight Rule and the impact on inpatient acute volumes, as best as we can tell, it did not have -- and I think the question is, is there a change in payer behavior that's resulting in a measurably increased amount of inpatient activity versus observation and our own data as well as we use a third party to help us adjudicate a lot of these [Indiscernible] call them claims that are on the bubble of being inpatient or observation. We use a third party to help us with that. 
 And I think both our internal resources and our third-party consultants tell us that they're not seeing a significant or measurable change in the behavior of our payers that's really impacting our inpatient activity. So I would say that in our minds, most of the growth in acute care volumes in the quarter is exclusive of any change in payer behavior. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Baxter of Wells Fargo. 
Stephen Baxter: Two kind of quick ones, I guess. So first, the behavioral patient day, volume growth improvement that you're expecting throughout the year, I guess, just give us a little bit of color on leading indicators or potentially capacity opening up, I guess, like what is giving you the confidence to kind of point to that from here.  
 And then secondarily, you obviously had this disclosure of a jury award during the quarter. I know that you discussed some measure of potential protection from insurance related to this. First, could you update us on where you stand from an insurance perspective related to that specific award? And any general comments you might offer about the litigation environment. 
Steve Filton: So in terms of your first question about behavioral patient days and behavioral patient day growth, I think as you alluded to in your question, it improved slightly from the pace of the last few quarters, our expectation is that it will continue to improve during the year. Incrementally, I think Marc mentioned that our underlying guidance for the year assumes we'll get to like a 3% patient day growth level. What gives us that confidence is simply that, as we've said, many times over the last several years as we believe the underlying demand is there.  
 That's evident in the amount and volume of inbound inquiries we get on the Internet and our 800 numbers, et cetera. And it's really about our ability to staff sufficiently to be able to treat that volume. We've mentioned a few other I think dynamics that have muted that volume a little bit in the last few quarters, including some specific residential treatment facilities that we believe continue to improve including the impact of Medicaid disenrollment, which I think we think is stabilizing, et cetera. So I think it's all those factors together that give us the confidence that behavioral volume will continue to grow incrementally throughout the year.  
 Your second question was around the verdict in a malpractice case in Illinois that we disclosed in an 8-K a few weeks ago. That verdict was as we noted in the 8-K, unprecedented, it was unprecedented, both in terms of our own history and cases with similar fact patterns, it was unprecedented in terms of verdicts in that specific jurisdiction, et cetera. And so we think there still is a great deal of uncertainty around how that specific verdict will be ultimately adjudicated and as a result, other than the disclosure that we had in the 8-K and in the press release, we'll have in our 10-Q, we haven't really had any measurable impact on our financial statements until there is some level of greater certainty around what the ultimate outcome will be.  
 From an insurance perspective, we disclosed in our Qs and Ks, our insurance coverage by year. This is a 2020 incident, we disclosed that we had $250 million of commercial insurance for that year. The bulk of that insurance around $225 million is still available for coverage. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering of Deutsche Bank. 
Pito Chickering: Can you talk about the acute OpEx changes that you saw in this quarter? How much did [Indiscernible] increased year-over-year? And is this the right level going forward and any other pressure points [Indiscernible] should be thinking about? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think, Pito, especially on the acute side, the increase in other operating costs are primarily driven by physician expense which we said for the year would increase by about 5% or 6%, and we believe that will still be the case. But because physician expense continue to increase every quarter last year, and we believe will be relatively flat this year, meaning flat quarter-to-quarter, the increase over last year will diminish as we get to the end of the year.  
 And again, I think we're on target to get to that sort of 5% or 6% growth over the prior year. But in Q1, that growth was more like 12% or 13%. And then the other, I think, driver of OpEx increase, particularly in the acute division was increased claims having to do with our insurance subsidiary and that's mostly having to do with increased premiums, the insurance subsidiary, was that sort of a breakeven level for the quarter, which is where we had it budgeted. So nothing unexpected there for our point of view. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then on -- a follow-up to Justin's question on supplemental payments. I guess for $10 million to $15 million from prior two periods. But looking out into '24 or '25, what states do you think could be expanding or adding sort of new payments that could impact your behavioral throughout the year? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So what I would say is we've often pointed out, and I think there are a couple of analysts on this call who will routinely point out that over the last several years, especially our original forecast of supplemental payments have tended to only increase as the year has gone on as states either implement new programs or refine their existing programs and calculations and I think that's our expectation for this year as well.  
 One of the tricky parts about this is I think we tend not to disclose what states they are or what expectations might be until the state really goes public or gets the approvals they required or goes public with their calculations. So we do believe, I think as we said on the last call, and I'll reiterate today, I think we do expect a number of states to implement either new programs or expand existing programs by the end of the year, but we'll give that detail as it becomes more certain in our public filings. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice of UBS. 
Albert Rice: Obviously, with the strong revenue number, that gives you leverage down the income statement. But I wondered if you look at labor, both permanent and your premium labor. Can you give us a little sense of what the underlying trends are year-to-year wage increases, how it's working out with your premium labor outlay and then similarly, I'll ask on the first second question. Pricing was strong in the quarter. Obviously, that was helped on the acute side by the supplemental payments, any updated thoughts on where commercial rate increases are coming out and the extent to which you think exchange-related coverage as people maybe pick up exchange coverage versus Medicaid is impacting what you're seeing there? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So again, a few different issues here. I'll try and address them discretely. Yes, I mean I think clearly, what the income statement reflects as you alluded to, A.J., is more operating leverage and efficiency on the labor line. I think it's a result of a few different things, premium and pay.  
 As I said in my opening comments, is down roughly $20 million from the same quarter last year. I think we're seeing wage rate inflation decelerate from the peak levels that it was running at the height of the pandemic. I think that's helping. I also think we've made a number of productivity adjustments in both business segments over the course of the last 6 months. As we came out of the pandemic, I think we reevaluated our productivity in both segments, particularly in our nonclinical areas, some of which I think maybe grew ahead of the actual need for those resources during the pandemic.  
 As far as pricing goes, we continue to get, I think, reasonable price increases in our contractual rates. I think the bigger issue, quite frankly, on the acute side, especially, is more this issue of as the managed care companies see their margins under pressure, we have tended in the past to see greater levels of denial activity, patient status changes, et cetera. We saw a lot of that in 2023. I think that activity has stabilized some in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter of this year, but it's something that we're watching very carefully. We are seeing, I think, as a result of Medicaid disenrollments, more patients moving to exchange coverage. I think that tends to be a net positive on the acute side because I think exchange coverage reimbursement tends to be slightly better than Medicaid or in some cases measurably better. 
 On the behavioral side, I think it's a bit of a toss-up because a lot of these exchange coverages have pretty significant co-pays and deductibles. And given the fact that behavioral care on an absolute basis tends to have a much smaller bill. I think we find that patients who have exchange coverage often will not be able to cover their or the bill will not cover their co-pays and deductibles.  
 So sometimes, that switch from Medicaid to an exchange coverage is not a favorable development on the on the behavioral side, and May, I think, contribute a little bit to the slower growth in patient pay volumes on the behavioral side. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Hendrix of RBC Capital Markets. 
Benjamin Hendrix: Just a quick follow-up on the Illinois litigation. I appreciate that this is unprecedented and different, in fact, and jurisdiction from Acadia settlement, but that was also kind of equally unprecedented. I was just wondering if this is changing at all your approach to the RTC business, your strategy, capital allocation and how you expect to kind of grow in your approach to behavioral health over the long term? 
Steve Filton: No, I think it would be premature, then. Again, as I commented earlier, I think that there still is a great deal of uncertainty surrounding this particular case and verdict that we had. I'm certainly not an expert and wouldn't comment in any great detail on the case that Acadia had other than to comment that it was a different state, it was the case with multiple plaintiffs. There were multiple cases. Our case was in a different jurisdiction, a single [Indiscernible] of a single incident, et cetera.  
 So yes, I think broadly in response to your question, no, I don't think our approach to the business is being changed at the moment as a result of this verdict. We are very focused on the things we need to do to work through this verdict and to challenge it and appeal it if necessary, at several different levels of the judicial system. But at the moment, I don't think it's having an impact on the way we think about the business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. 
Kevin Fischbeck: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about margins. I guess both segments saw some nice margin improvement in the quarter. You've talked about a significant margin opportunity in both segments of time. Just want to get a little more color update about how you think about build to an opportunity for margins, the pace of that margin improvement? And it does feel like -- and I don't know if this was in your original assumption, but it does feel like the supplemental payments are coming in maybe better than one might have thought a year or 2 ago. So I want to get your thoughts about how that might impact your view on where margins ultimately can be?  
 And then I guess if you think about where we are versus where it could be, what are the main levers in each segment to kind of get from here to there. 
Steve Filton: Yes. So Kevin, we have said for some time that we felt like the margin deterioration that we saw during the pandemic could and would largely be recovered in both business segments as we return to sort of more normal levels of growth, and I think you specifically have pointed out that acute care volumes broadly, not just ours, still haven't necessarily returned to prepandemic levels. So we still think there is a decent amount of runway there for continued acute care volume growth as well as behavioral volume growth, which I addressed in a previous question.  
 I think the benefit there is that we continue to have this strong revenue performance. I do think expenses are being better controlled, both by us in terms of our own in actions and things that we control, productivity, et cetera, but I also think broadly, wage inflation is becoming more manageable. Physician expense, which was a huge drag of the increase in physician expense in '23, I think it's not going to be a drag for the full year of '24. And so I think that's -- all those are opportunities for margin improvement.  
 Obviously, as your question suggests, the increase in Medicaid supplemental payments are a significant opportunity as well. I think as Marc's comments reflected in our prepared remarks, we largely feel that those increased Medicaid reimbursements are making up for an adequate reimbursement over the last several years, but if you put it in the context of margin improvement, they should be very helpful because at least at the current moment, there's not new or incremental expense associated with most of those Medicaid supplemental payments. So it's a big help in recovering those margins that deteriorated over the past few years because they were inadequately reimbursing us for our cost increases. 
 We'll see, I mean, obviously, the first quarter was a significant improvement, as I alluded to in an earlier question, over our expectations. We'll see how the rest of the year plays out. But hopefully, we'll recover more of that margin deterioration than we originally anticipated in our guidance, but we'll see how the rest of the year plays out before making that judgment. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Cassorla of Citi. 
Jason Cassorla: I wanted to follow up on the supplemental payments and the acceleration there. Clearly, you guys are benefiting. But I guess your local market competitors [Indiscernible] benefiting as well. So I guess I'm just curious if you're seeing any changes from a competitive standpoint either competitors accelerating build-out of the outpatient or anything along those lines?  
 And then if I could follow up quickly just on the Illinois litigation. I know there's a number of unknowns there on how that could play out. But does that change how you're thinking from a share repo argument or capital deployment in the near term as you wait to see how that all evolves. Any help there would be great. 
Steve Filton: Yes. So in terms of your first question, Jason, I don't know that in any of our markets, we've detected or recognized a significant change in our competitive behavior as a result of the increase in supplemental payments. I'll make the point that, obviously, the supplemental payments tend to benefit as they're intended to providers who are providing more service to Medicaid patients have higher Medicaid utilization. I think that's why we struggled a little bit more during the pandemic. I think we tend to have a slightly higher Medicaid utilization than some of our public peers. So I think we're benefiting from that now. But in terms of our local market now, I don't know that, again, the Medicaid supplemental payments are specifically affecting competitive behavior.  
 Just like I don't know that it's specifically affecting our strategic sort of moves or actions in a specific market. As far as the Illinois impact on capital deployment or specifically share repurchase, I'll sort of reiterate the same comment that I made before. I think it's too early for us to really make any sort of -- or have any sort of specific reaction until we see a further diminution of the uncertainty surrounding how this verdict and case will ultimately be adjudicated. At some point, it could have an impact but I think at the moment, we're waiting at a minimum until we at least see the outcome from post-trial motions at the trial judge and trial court level. And so at a minimum, I think we'll wait and see what happens there before deciding what our next steps are. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo of Leerink Partners. 
Benjamin Mayo: Steve, maybe just comment on the Medicaid rule that was released this week on state-based programs. Maybe too early to have much insight, but it seems like some positives and some less positive things. Just curious how your team and legal advisers are looking at this. 
Steve Filton: Yes. So I mean we were encouraged with the fact that in this rule, Medicaid did not place a cap on these supplemental programs. Instead, they focused -- as they have in the past, I don't think this was a new focus there, but they focused on these hold harmless agreements, which they have historically objected to. I'm certainly not an expert -- a legal expert in this regard. But I do know that we've certainly used legal experts and consultants and are aware of consultants who will adamantly argue that CMS just is wrong on this particular issue and on the legality of these hold harmless arrangements.  
 But regardless of -- so I think there's a chance that CMS' objection to these hold harmless agreements might be successfully challenged legally over the course of the next several years. In any event, I think it was encouraging that CMS said that they were not going to essentially go after or enforce any actions against these hold harmless agreements until 2028, which I think means that if states are convinced that these arrangements are not going to withstand sort of legal scrutiny, they have time to change them. So I would make the point, we did a quick analysis and think that maybe about 1/3 of the supplemental payments we currently receive are under these hold harmless agreements that CMS has objected to. But 2/3 are not. And we think, again, that CMS has left the stage plenty of time to restructure their arrangements if they're convinced of these hold harmless agreements will not hold up under legal scrutiny. So I think generally, we found that all to be pretty encouraging in terms of the flexibility the states will have and the time they'll have to respond to this new rule. 
Benjamin Mayo: That's helpful. And just one other quick one. Just thinking about the opening of West Henderson later this year. Is that still a good timetable and maybe the P&L consideration, start-up losses, and I'm kind of curious how you think about how the volume may get redistributed in the market once that hospital opens. 
Steve Filton: So West Henderson is scheduled to open late in the year, maybe in late November, December. So it shouldn't have much of an impact, there will be some level of preopening costs and then a month or 2 of probably operating losses as it opens. I think we didn't really highlight that in our call a couple of months ago, in part because I think we have a view that continued improvement of our hospital in the [renal market] will largely offset that. And as a consequence, neither was likely to have a material impact on this year's results.  
 There's some amount of cannibalization that will take place, meaning we'll take some patients probably from our existing Henderson Hospital. But the real play for West Henderson is significant population growth in that area that we think will allow the hospital to have a very successful opening. Quite frankly, the opening of Henderson at this point, I think, 5 years ago was very successful for the same reasons. And I think we're looking for West Henderson to have a very similar experience when it opens late this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sarah James of Cantor Fitzgerald. 
Sarah James: Can you clarify the $5 million sequential uptick in premium pay, was that related to the acute volume strength? Then does your $50 million a quarter of premium pay goal assume a version to normal acute volumes? And how do you think about strategy and time line to get to that $50 million? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So I actually think, Sarah, that the $68 million in premium pay in Q1 is pretty similar to what we've been running the last few quarters. You're right, we have talked kind of about a goal of getting into sort of the mid-50s. But I think what's prevented us from doing that is these really robust acute care volumes. And I'll make the point that the 4.5% adjusted admission increase in Q1 of this year is compared to, I think, in excess of a 10% increase in adjusted admissions last year's first quarter. So you're really talking about, I think, some pretty historically high acute care volume numbers.  
 And yes, I think we acknowledge that it will be difficult to get much below the premium pay levels we're currently running at unless acute care volumes moderate. And quite frankly, we'd be perfectly happy if they don't. I think at these levels of acute care -- at this level of acute care volumes, we're relatively satisfied with having to run this level of premium pay. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Raskin of Nephron Research. 
Joshua Raskin: I was wondering if you could give a broader update on CapEx spending and maybe capacity increases in specific areas of focus and then just a quick follow-up on Las Vegas and West Henderson opening. I'm curious if Las Vegas on the acute care side, volumes or demand there running above company average? And maybe just a little bit more color on sort of shorter-term trends there. 
Steve Filton: Sure. So I think from a CapEx perspective, Josh, I think we continue to invest on the acute side in those areas where I think acute invasion hospitals really differentiate themselves, meaning emergency room services, emergency room capacity, surgical services, both in and outpatient, and again, for the higher acuity, higher-end services that we don't have as much competition in. But we also continue to invest in outpatient. We have a very successful freestanding emergency department initiative that has been underway for a number of years. I think we'll finish this year with probably 30 freestanding EDs around the country, whereas 5 years ago, I think we didn't have any,  and we can also continue to invest in some freestanding surgical services facilities, freestanding imaging centers, et cetera. 
 On the behavioral side, it's mostly building more inpatient capacity now that we are at least in many markets and many facilities, more fully staffed, but also in that business, investing in freestanding outpatient developments, telemedicine, addiction treatment, et cetera. So I think, again, in both business segments, the CapEx really runs the gamut of the sort of full service continuum at our facilities and our integrated providers tend to provide in their markets. 
 As far as the specific questions about Las Vegas, look, I think one of the comments that we've made over the last several years is that one of the reasons why I think we've been slower to recover those margins that we talked about in the previous question than some of our peers is that some of the geographies around the country that have recovered more quickly from the pandemic, Texas and Florida, most specifically, while we have a presence in those geographies, we tend to have a bigger footprint in places like Nevada, California, the addition of Columbia that have tended to recover more slowly from the pandemic just from a broader economic perspective. But I think in the last couple of quarters, the recovery trajectory in Nevada has definitely accelerated and separate and apart from the Medicaid supplemental program, which obviously is quite helpful in that market or that state. We've seen, I think, fundamental business metrics improve pretty dramatically in the last couple of quarters. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Mok of Barclays. 
Andrew Mok: I think you commented that the quarter was above your internal expectations. You're expecting behavioral volumes to improve from here, and there's potential upside to initial forecast for supplemental payments. So just putting all those together, any updated thoughts on where you think you sit within the unchanged guidance for the year. 
Steve Filton: Sure, Andrew. I mean, clearly, just from a mathematical perspective, the amount that we exceeded our own internal budget and consensus numbers for the first quarter would already put us on the trajectory [indiscernible] towards the high end of our guidance. I think most people know, but I'll just repeat for everybody's sake. We had never revised guidance after the first quarter. It's just something that we don't generally think is a kind of a prudent thing to do. I think if the trends continue, however in Q2, that's certainly a possibility, guidance revision at the end of Q2 if these trends continue. Again, I think the trends that I would specifically highlight were better than we expected in Q1 of our acute care volumes, which I think we thought might moderate a little bit more than they actually did and behavioral pricing, which I think we thought might moderate a little bit more than they did. Obviously, we're pleased that neither did, we're focused on keeping both of those metrics as high as they can be. 
 But to me, that's where we'll watch most closely in Q2. If those metrics remain strong and steady in Q2, I think it's much more likely that we'd have a guidance revision at that point in time. 
Andrew Mok: Great. And then just a follow-up. I think you commented on intra-quarter in April volumes in the acute segment. Just hoping you could do the same thing in the behavioral segment and maybe comment on trends exiting the quarter to help support the higher growth outlook? 
Steve Filton: Yes. I think I forget if the comments that I made were specifically about the acute segment. But I think the trends more similar in both. I think I commented in some conferences earlier this quarter that the behavioral business got off to a bit of a slow start with some bad weather -- in bad winter weather in states that don't necessarily usually expect bad winter weather in the south central part of the country. But  [April volumes] recovered in late January and certainly in February, but I think have the same calendar issues as the acute segment did in March, softer volumes, et cetera, particularly in that child and adolescent population, which tends to really soften when school is out. 
 But yes, I mean I think I'd make the same comment. I think we would expect to recover that softness if not in April, but then over the course of the second quarter. And I think Marc alluded to in his prepared comments that our general expectation at the beginning of the year was that behavioral volumes would incrementally improve as the year went on, and that's still our expectation. 
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn it back to Steve Filton for closing remarks. 
Steve Filton: We'd just like to thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking with everybody next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2023 Universal Health Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. After the speaker’s presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Steve Filton, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Steve Filton: Thank you and good morning. Marc Miller is also joining us this morning and we welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the fourth quarter and to December 31, 2023. During the conference call, we’ll be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecast projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $3.16 for the fourth quarter of 2023. After adjusting for the impact of the item reflected on the supplemental schedule as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $3.13 for the quarter ended December 31, 2023.
Marc Miller: Our acute hospitals continue to experience strong demand for their services in the fourth quarter. With adjusted admissions increasing 5.6% year-over-year. Overall surgical volumes were solid as well, increasing 4% year-over-year. Net revenue per adjusted admission, which has lagged for much of the year, increased by 3.7% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2022, as acuity trends and pressure from payers have started to stabilize. Meanwhile, the amount of premium pay in the quarter, which declined from a peak of $153 million in the first quarter of 2022, was $67 million in the fourth quarter of 2023, similar to what it was in the third quarter. For the full year 2023, our strong acute care revenues were largely offset by elevated expenses, especially physician subsidies, which resulted in flattish margins for the full year. During the fourth quarter, same facility revenues at our behavioral health hospitals increased by 7.2%, driven primarily by a 6.1% increase in revenue per adjusted patient day. The patient day growth in the quarter was greater at our acute behavioral hospitals versus our lower acuity residential treatment centers, which tended to drive up the revenue per day to relatively robust levels consistent with our year-to-date experience. Additionally, as we discussed last quarter, we continue to see a negative impact of Medicaid redeterminations in certain states on behavioral health volumes, although it appears that impact has also begun to stabilize. With 8% revenue growth, same-facility EBITDA for our behavioral hospitals has increased approximately 9% for the full year of 2023 compared to 2022.
Steve Filton: We also note that in the fourth quarter, we recorded approximately $18 million in connection with the recently approved Mississippi Hospital Access Program covering the six-month period of July through December of 2023. Our cash generated from operating activities was $452 million during the fourth quarter of 2023, as compared to $297 million during the same quarter in 2022 and $1.268 billion during the full year of 2023, as compared to $996 million during 2022. We spent $743 million on capital expenditures during 2023, which was consistent with our original forecast for the year. For the full year of 2023, we acquired $525 million of our own shares pursuant to our repurchase program. Since January 1, 2019, we have repurchased more than 26 million shares representing almost 30% of our shares outstanding as of that date. As of December 31, 2023, we had $701 million of aggregate available borrowing capacity pursuant to our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility.
Marc Miller: The core operating assumptions underlying our 2024 operating results forecast, which was provided in last night’s release, largely reflect the historical pre-COVID trends in the respective businesses. We anticipate that volumes in our acute segment will moderate from the elevated 2023 levels, but conversely, acuity and pricing in our acute business will increase, and for the full year, both metrics will resemble the patterns we experienced before the pandemic. Despite the continuing shift of services from inpatient to outpatient settings and pressure from payers to restrain reimbursement increases in a variety of ways. We expect continued improvement in premium pay labor trends and general cost trends that will remain largely stable in 2024. Specifically, physician expenses, which were a major headwind in 2023, are expected to grow by the overall inflation rate in 2024. As noted in our press release, our 2024 operating results forecast includes an additional $149 million of Nevada supplemental revenues, which were approved by CMS in late December and disclosed by us in an 8-K filed in early January. We believe demand for our behavioral services remains robust and our same-store adjusted patient day growth in 2024 is forecasted to exceed the 2.1% growth we experienced in 2023. A significant driver of behavioral volume upside is due to our success in filling vacant positions. But we acknowledge that specialty workforce shortages in certain markets continue to be an obstacle to even more volume growth. In both our business segments, we were pleased that measures of patient satisfaction and quality of care increased in 2023 and we are focusing on continued improvement of these metrics in 2024. We are pleased to answer questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ann Hynes with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Ann Hynes: Hi. Good morning. I just want to ask you about the Two Midnight rule. I know that throughout the year, you had a lot of denials for these short-stay inpatient stays. Did that get better in Q4 and do you actually think one of the large national managed care plans is saying they actually think hospitals might have billed early and start benefiting Q4? Do you actually think that happens? Did you receive actually a benefit in Q4 from kind of early billing for this regulatory change that’s starting in January 1, 2024? And also, can you tell me what your guidance includes for any potential benefit for this change, for this and also for Medicaid redetermination considering there’s like a big growth in the health exchange market? And are you assuming any kind of positive pay and makeshift benefit in guidance? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, as Marc commented in his prepared remarks, I think, what we saw in Q4 was improved revenue per admission -- per adjusted admission in the acute business, which I think we attribute to a combination of increasing acuity, but also at least stabilizing pressure from payers. Again, I think we saw for much of 2024, excuse me, for 2023 and payers being more aggressive as their medical loss ratios were rising, et cetera, in a variety of ways, including denials and patient status changes, which would include recasting patients from inpatient to observation, et cetera. I don’t think we changed our billing practices during the quarter, but I think all you’re seeing is, effectively, I think, we’re starting to anniversary some of that more aggressive behavior of the payers in the fourth quarter. As far as sort of how we’ve guided, again, I think, as Marc said in his remarks, I think, we’re assuming that in the acute segment, that volumes moderate a little bit in 2024 and that acuity pricing improves. So we returned to kind of what I would consider to be a more historically normative model of mid-single-digit growth in acute care, maybe 5%, 6% growth, split pretty evenly between price and volume. And I think what that really means is, we’re being a little conservative about volumes, which have sort of been running hotter than that, but we’re being a little bit more aggressive about pricing, which has been running less than that. But it’s not like we have included in our guidance a specific impact from sort of how payers will use the Two Midnight rule differently going forward, et cetera. We believe there may be an incremental opportunity there, but I don’t think we necessarily feel it’s material until we really see the behavior on the part of the payers change.
Ann Hynes: Okay. Great. And just one follow-up. You talked about in your prepared remarks that the labor shortages are still impacting volume. Is this in both segments or is it mainly behavioral and maybe how much do you think your volume is being held back because of labor?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, so as we’ve said, I think, throughout the last several years, it’s been a very tight labor market and I think it’s affected the two businesses differently. On the acute side, we’ve generally been able to fill all of our necessary positions, but obviously often at a higher cost using a temporary label and traveling nurses, et cetera. Although, as we indicated in our prepared remarks, those numbers have declined significantly. On the acute side, excuse me, on the behavioral side, in contrast, in a number of cases, we’re simply unable to fill our positions over the last several years and it has curtailed our volume growth. Again, I think our basic guidance for next year is mid-single-digit growth, probably, in the behavioral segment, that means, 6%, 7%, 8%, again, split pretty evenly between price and volume. In the behavioral segment, I think that means we’re being a little bit more conservative about price, which has been running hot the last couple of years and a little bit more aggressive about volume, which has been relatively soft this year. I think, Marc said, our patient day growth in 2023 was 2.1%, so our guidance assumes something greater than that. But we acknowledge that in some markets, in some hospitals, there are positions that we still have difficulty filling. I don’t know that we can say precisely, but we do think that we could run higher volumes if, in fact, we could fill all of our positions, but we know that’s not a realistic outlook at the moment at least.
Ann Hynes: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask you first about the 2024 guide. The -- specifically, Nevada ends up at the high end of the range you gave before, obviously, a great tailwind, ex that, it looks like EBITDA growths at the midpoints in the 4% range, too. Just trying to understand, I think, we’re probably only splitting hairs a little bit, maybe expected 1%, 2% better than ex-Nevada. Just curious if there were any kind of one-timers in 2023 where it’s not really apples-to-apples that you want to point out or anything within the guidance. For instance, Marc mentioned in a tough comp on inpatient, how -- like maybe you can tell us what you think the EBITDA by business is going to grow and any thoughts on why that’s maybe 1% or 2% shorter than kind of typical?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, first of all, Justin, I mean, I think, that there’s a series of arguments being made that excluding the $150 million increase from Nevada or quite frankly excluding any of our Medicaid supplemental payments is really an appropriate way to look at the business, because I think what we would argue quite strenuously is that, one of the reasons -- one of the significant reasons that our margins and earnings have lagged over the last several years is that Medicaid reimbursement in particular has not kept up with elevated costs, whether that’s the labor costs across both businesses or the physician subsidy expense that Marc referenced and the acute business in his remarks. So, in our minds, the Nevada increase specifically but these Medicaid supplemental programs in general are simply bringing us back to adequate rates that at least partially compensate us for some of these increased expenses. So, in my mind, ignoring them as we think about our growth year-to-year is not necessarily the correct way of doing it. But I’ll try to answer your question the way you asked it. What I would say is, I do believe that, after a couple of difficult years and difficult operating environments and elevated costs, again, in labor, physician costs, just general inflation sort of across the Board, we’ve been a little bit cautious about our ability to expand margins. I would say that if we’re able to achieve the revenue targets that we’ve set in our guidance, we’d be hopeful that we could do better than the margins that are embedded in guidance. But as we’ve faced over the last several years, some of these expense increases have been a bit unpredictable, physician subsidies in 2023 are a perfect example. So I think we’ve been prudently cautious about how we look at the profitability growth in both businesses.
Justin Lake: That’s helpful. And then, Steve, as you mentioned on DPP, and I don’t disagree that it’s lumpy, but it should be part of the business. That said, it’s gone to a place I never imagined it going, these supplemental payments. And I’m just curious, like, you guys actually put out a great table in the 10-K where you actually showed us the estimated number for 2024. And I’m just sitting here looking over time, Steve, I think in 2019, it was $225 million of net benefit or 13% of EBITDA. Now it’s an $809 million benefit or 41% of your EBITDA guidance in 2024. And I’m just curious, like, do you think this continues, like, do you see any states that, could be the next Nevada or do you see the potential that, this starts to moderate at some point or kind of stabilize, because it’s obviously been a big part of growth over the last couple of years. Just curious how you think about it going forward. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, look, I think, you make a good point. I mean, I think, if you look, and I appreciate your commenting on our disclosures, because I think we’ve provided probably more expansive disclosures in this area of Medicaid supplemental payments than any of our public peers. But if you go back, however many years you want to track it, it has, as you’ve suggested, an upward trajectory and that’s not by accident. I mean, I think it’s an acknowledgment by the states and by CMS that Medicaid reimbursement, again, in specific states, has really been inadequate and -- has really been inadequate over the last several years in an elevated inflationary environment with significant expense pressures, particularly in labor. And the states are providing these monies, not as bonuses for hospital providers, but quite frankly, as necessary supplemental reimbursement to keep them in a position, to keep the providers in a position to be able to provide absolutely necessary services to a population that otherwise will not receive them. So, quite honestly, there are other states that do not have these programs that are talking about adopting them. We don’t really disclose them until they get further down the road and sort of are submitted for approval and that sort of thing. But we know that conversations are happening in a number of other states. CMS, to your point, has certainly talked about the impact of the growth in these programs and has talked about, I think, limiting the growth. I don’t think they’re really talking about cutting back these programs, but they’re talking about capping the growth, maybe capping the growth so that Medicaid reimbursement can’t exceed commercial reimbursement. I don’t think we’re at risk of that in any of our states or just sort of capping the overall growth rate, et cetera. So I could see that happening where the rate of growth slows, but it strikes me that once these programs are implemented, the safety net hospitals that they are really designed to target become so reliant on them that it would be extremely difficult for the states and/or CMS to stop the programs or curtail them in a terribly material way.
Marc Miller: I think that’s the main point, that it’s going to be hard to go backwards because of these safety net not-for-profit hospitals that rely on this. And so the crux of your question as to whether or not you can bank on this in the future, we never know, but I think it’s going to be hard for them to reverse a lot of this. And in fact, to Steve’s point, we’re seeing a lot more activity in other states that we had never seen before. So we think it’s going to increase.
Justin Lake: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Joshua Raskin with Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Question just started, I’m looking at the longer term as you sort of think about capital deployment. I’d be interested in your updated views on the relative attractiveness of the behavioral health and the acute care segments and specifically thinking, whether you believe either one of those segments has either a different growth or return profile one more attractive than the other?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, obviously, anyone who looks at our financials, you can see that we are in a higher margin in the behavioral business, I think, probably, higher returns. But I think we’ve always viewed our opportunities for capital deployment agnostically in the sense that we want to invest our next dollar of capital wherever we think it’s going to earn the highest return and that’s not just about which line of business, but it’s about the individual market opportunity. Las Vegas is a great example, we’ve invested a tremendous amount of capital, hundreds of millions of dollars of capital over the last decade or more in Las Vegas and I think for the most part, it has earned a significantly sort of outsized return. We are not about to stop investing in that market and protecting our number one market share position in that market, et cetera. So our capital deployment decisions are, I think, made, as I said, market-by-market, in terms of the demographics of the market, the competitive environment. And obviously, as I think we commented in our remarks as well, a significant amount of capital has been devoted over the last five years or six years to share repurchase, because we think that that’s been a compelling return and opportunity for us, and we’ll continue to look at that as well.
Marc Miller: I’ll just add one thing to what Steve said. We’re looking, and I obviously agree with everything Steve said, but we’re looking at more outpatient opportunities now than we probably have done in the past. And so I think more of them are being presented to us, and again, if we think that there are good returns there and that they make sense for increasing our success in our markets, we’ll continue to look at those and deploy more capital to outpatient, maybe at a greater percentage than we did historically.
Steve Filton: In both things.
Marc Miller: In both things. Sorry.
Joshua Raskin: Right. So that makes sense, and so in theory, those are margin accretive. Those are certainly return accretive, but margin accretive, I guess, depending on though if there’s more opportunities maybe in the acute care segment in the short-term, maybe that’s not the case. But I guess my follow up would be, I’m curious about the current environment for additional supply then. Are you seeing any major capital deployed in your markets by competitors and I guess, conversely, you know, sort of that Vegas example, what markets do you think are in need of more supply?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, so we -- as you know, we’re opening a new hospital in Las Vegas late in 2024 in West Henderson. That’s on the heels of opening Henderson Hospital five years ago, if I’m getting my chronology correct and that’s been a very significant success. We’ve continued to expand our presence in South Texas and Riverside County, California, where we have significant market positions. We’re building a new hospital in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. And one in the DC market where we’ve had a significant amount of historical success. So, and then, on the behavioral side, we continue to add beds and do joint ventures with non-hospital -- non-profit hospital partners. So, again, I think, there are lots of opportunities. I think, the challenge for us is to be judicious about where we do that. And to your point, Joshua, I mean, I think, our competitors are also investing in markets. I think HCA has invested heavily in Las Vegas as well, because it has been a very lucrative return market for both of us. So, we see that, it really varies by market, it would be difficult to characterize the sort of capital deployment of our competitors in a broad way. But yeah, we certainly see our competitors expanding as well, and again, our whole sort of view is we don’t want to chase what our competitors are doing, we want to really take advantage of the strong franchise positions that we have and build on those and earn greater returns by investing where we’ve had success.
Joshua Raskin: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Stephen Baxter: Hi. Thanks. Two quick ones on the acute business. I guess, good to hear the physician fee expenses that you seem to think the worst of the inflation is behind you there. I was wondering if you could comment a little bit on how or what level of contracting visibility you have on 2024 in particular. And then just a kind of step back on the acute business, there’s been a lot of focus on portfolio management at a couple of your peer companies, a couple of examples of significant value creation. I was wondering how you think about the size of the acute care business philosophically and whether there could be examples potentially, whether you’ve seen any increase in inbound interest on the acute side. Would love to just hear kind of how you guys are thinking about that as you contemplate capital across the company? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I think that the notion of contracting visibility in terms of the physician subsidy expense is a little bit flawed. The reality is 18 months ago, if you had asked us and asked, frankly, any acute care hospital in the country, you know, are your hospital based physician contracts locked in, do you have rates locked in? The answer would have been yes. And what we found were because of changes in the operating environment, in particular, the No Surprise Billing Act, et cetera, that made those businesses far less profitable. The providers of those businesses, the physician groups, the companies that were providing those services simply were unable to do it and they were coming to hospitals and saying, look, you either have to provide us greater subsidies or we can’t do this. There were a number of bankruptcies, et cetera. So what I will say is, I believe that over the last year and a half, most of our hospital-based physician arrangements have been recast. They’ve either been renegotiating with the incumbent providers. We’ve either gone out for RFPs and put in new providers or we’ve employed in some cases the physicians ourselves. We’ve done so, I think, really beginning late in 2022 and early in 2023, such that the increased costs of doing all that is now largely reflected in our financial statements and shouldn’t increase again dramatically in 2024. But I will say again, back to the comments that I made in response to a question that Justin asked, I do think that the volatility in that area is one of the reasons why we’ve been a little more cautious in our overall guidance in 2024, because I think, all hospitals would say, that was a cost that really surprised us in 2023. We think we have it under control. We think it’s much more stable going into 2024. But we’re certainly concerned about that popping again or happening again in some other areas.
Marc Miller: I’ll do the acute care development.
Steve Filton: Sure.
Marc Miller: As to your second question about the portfolio and acute care opportunities, we track very carefully all the companies familiar with what you’re referring to, to the question of portfolio rationalization for some of those other companies out there. We are most interested in what we can do in our current acute care markets. So if there are opportunities to pick up other hospitals within markets that we are already present, we would certainly look to do that. But in addition to that, we are familiar with the whole portfolios of these companies and if there were opportunities to expand to new markets that we thought made sense, we would do that as well. Like Steve said earlier, we’re kind of agnostic as to which side we deploy capital to. But if there are opportunities, we’ll certainly pursue them.
Steve Filton: And I know your question was not directed at the behavioral business, but I would make the point that, we’ve done quite a bit of portfolio management in the behavioral business over the last five years or 10 years. If somebody wants to take our 10-K list of properties from 10 years ago, behavioral properties and compare them to today, you can see that they’re quite different. We’ve closed facilities, we’ve sold facilities, we’ve merged facilities where they’re underperforming and where we’re looking to increase efficiencies. We tend not to disclose that, because individual transactions are non-material, but there has been a fair amount of portfolio management on the behavioral side and then, again, we’re open to that. I think we’re ready for the next question.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. I was wondering if you could give us an update on where wage growth is across both the acute and the psych businesses today and to the extent that, labor is still a gating factor on the psych side of things. How do you think about the incremental return of just raising wages a couple of percent to potentially drive more volume back to the facilities? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I would say that wage growth has moderated a little bit from its highs in both segments. I think we’re probably in that 4% to 5% range of annual wage inflation, and obviously, we’ve made, as again, I think, we said in our prepared remarks, a fair amount of progress in reducing premium pay, which includes temporary traveling labor and overtime and shift differential, that sort of thing. And as -- I’m sorry, you want to say…
Marc Miller: No. Well, the question is, we look quite often as to whether or not it makes sense to raise wages as a way to increase capacity and we have done that in certain areas. It’s not as easy as one might think, but we definitely look at that and we try to figure out if there are areas where that would make more sense. The other factor for us is we have high occupancy in a lot of these facilities. So we’re constantly looking and reviewing ways that we can add beds to the facilities to increase capacity. And one of the things when Steve talks about the portfolio rationalization that we’ve done on the behavioral side in the last few years, what that also allows us to do is spend less time on facilities that are not growing and really spend more of our time figuring out how to do programmatic growth, not just beds, but just changing program offerings at certain facilities and changes like that that we think will have a positive effect. So we’re doing a lot of that as well.
Steve Filton: But I would just say, and I think, Kevin, what to some you’re asking, do we think about the efficacy of paying increased wages to attract that last 1% or 2% of the workforce that would help us increase our volumes. And that’s really the why -- when and why we use temporary labor, because the challenge is, if we hire somebody for that, last position or last two or three positions in the facility and they’re making $5 an hour more than everybody else in the facility, in short order, everybody in the facility will be making that same wage. So that’s the consideration we have to use. We certainly acknowledge that we want to fill every position we can, but we understand that there are implications to paying up to do that.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. Great. And then I guess I just want to maybe push back a little bit on the guidance for acute care hospital volume growth, kind of just being more pre-pandemic growth rates of 2% or 3%. I guess when I look at your same-store volume growth going back to 2019 and just trying to get forward, I think, you’re only like about 4% above where you were in 2019 five years later, when you would normally be thinking you’d be growing 2% or 3%. So you’re still -- in 2019, we might’ve thought your volumes would be 10% or 15% above those levels. So, why is normal growth off of only 4% up like the right number? Shouldn’t there be more pent-up demand or normalization in demand within your markets while in normal growth?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, and again, though, particularly the comparison that you’re talking about, Kevin, I think it’s wholly inappropriate to exclude the $150 million of Nevada supplemental from a comparison to 2019, because I think what we would say in Nevada is we’ve had virtually no Medicaid increases for this period of time, and as a result, and we’ve been questioned about this, our margins in Nevada have declined, et cetera. So to then say that, we’re going to exclude the $150 million from comparing where we were margin-wise to 2019, again, I think, is a flawed approach. And again, that’s not to say we believe that even with the supplemental payments, et cetera, there is still more growth to go in the acute division and more recovery to be had to get closer to those pre-pandemic margins. But I think, excluding the supplemental payments from that is a flawed way of looking at it.
Kevin Fischbeck: I’m sorry. My question was kind of more around the volumes, like, it feels like to me, like your volume guidance, it feels like your volumes haven’t really rebounded to the long-term trend line yet. So I’m still not sure why you’re only growing normal. Wouldn’t you still be trending back to the long-term growth rate in volume? Shouldn’t you be growing fast in 2% to 3% for another couple of years?
Steve Filton: I mean, our adjusted admissions in 2023 grew by 5% or I think actually over 6% for the year. Obviously, I think those are historically a high level of admission growth. We’re projecting that at some point that starts to moderate.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Jason Cassorla with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Cassorla: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I just want to ask on behavioral, you’ve talked in the past around the labor backdrop as the gating factor for bed growth. You’ve discussed the portfolio rationalization efforts. I guess occupancy rates are still some 200 basis points to 300 basis points below pre-pandemic levels, with labor improvement, I know you’re expecting volume growth to accelerate in 2024. Can you just give us a sense on what you’re contemplating on the behavioral bed growth side moving forward and maybe just the opportunities a little bit more around that expansion at current facilities against maybe perhaps the pipeline of JVs or potential M&A for behavioral business as well? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, so I think, we added somewhere around 250 new beds in behavioral this year. We will probably add a like number, maybe a little bit more next year. But I think, the comment that Marc made is, I think we’re seeing, frankly, just as much opportunity on the outpatient side as well. So we are expanding and expanding our existing outpatient services across all lines of service, including addiction treatment, et cetera, and plan to continue to do that as well. I think as Josh Raskin mentioned, that’s kind of a higher returning, higher margin business. So, that’s attracting more of, I think, our investment dollars there.
Jason Cassorla: Okay. Fair enough. And then just following up on an earlier question a bit, just curious on what your expectation around payer mix dynamics for acute next year, obviously, redeterminations, exchange growth. You’ve talked about this return of low acuity of Medicare volumes in 2023. Just any kind of expectation around how that trends into next year or into 2024? And then can you remind us what percentage of admissions are uninsured at this point, and if -- just given the backdrop, if you’re seeing any indication that those uninsured admissions could be picking up, just any color, that would be great? Thanks.
Steve Filton: No. We haven’t seen a significant change in uninsured admissions, which run in certainly mid-single digits, 5% or 6% of our overall admissions. I think what the big change in payer mix, which I think, both the providers and payers have talked about in 2023 is that, as we’ve emerged from the pandemic, I think, we’ve seen more of those lower acuity, I think, especially Medicare, lower acuity procedures that patients had deferred or postponed during the pandemic taking place. And again, as our volumes moderate going forward and they have been moderating, not just for us, but certainly for our peers as well in 2023, I think, it’s those lower acuity volumes that especially are moderating, which I think to a degree is what’s driving the increase, let’s say, in the fourth quarter in our acuity and pricing dynamic.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from A.J. Rice with UBS. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Maybe just to the comment on premium pay first. I think you said you started the year at $153 million in the first quarter and you were $67 million as you exited the year. Do you think the $67 million is a good run rate? Is there further opportunity? And putting it all together, how much of a tailwind do you have from reduced premium pay in 2024 versus 2023?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So just to clarify, A.J., the $153 million was the first quarter of 2022, not 2023.
A.J. Rice: Okay.
Steve Filton: So, yeah, that number -- obviously that number has come down considerably. I think we still think that there is -- we ultimately have talked about getting to a premium pay number in the $50 million quarter range. So there’s still $50 million or $60 million of opportunity. A lot of that is dependent on what happens to volumes. I think that premium pay has remained a little bit higher than we originally anticipated because acute volumes have been as strong as they’ve been. But, yeah, I mean, we certainly have the goal of further reducing premium pay. I’m not sure we’re going to get back to the pre-pandemic levels where it ran about $35 million a quarter, but we should be able to get at least part of the way there.
A.J. Rice: And I don’t have the full year number for premium pay, but how much have you just stated $67 million, how much of a tailwind would that create in 2024 versus 2023? Do you have that number by any chance?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So I think that would probably -- I’m doing this all the time. I think that would probably on its own be like a $30 million, $40 million improvement, because I think in the first half of the year, we were running about $85 million a quarter.
A.J. Rice: Okay. And then my follow-up question, just to ask a little bit more on Medicaid, both from the supplemental and the redeterminations. On the supplemental, I know we’ve talked about individual programs. When you put it all together, what you got in 2023 versus what you’re expecting in 2024, how much of a change is it? I guess it could be gross or net after provider tax, just trying to understand that. And then you mentioned, I think in the press release, sort of a 10-K, that Medicaid redeterminations were a headwind for the behavioral business. I’m just wondering if you’d flesh that out a little bit more?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So as I think somebody earlier has suggested, I mean, we did some pretty robust disclosure about these Medicaid supplemental programs in the 10-K that we filed last night. I’d refer people to that. But we have a table that shows the supplemental increase from 2023 to estimated 2024. It’s about a $200 million increase. Obviously, the $150 million of the lot is the biggest piece of that. But you can see a lot of the detail…
A.J. Rice: Right.
Steve Filton: … if you take a look at that schedule. And as far as Medicaid redeterminations, I think, what we’ve said, A.J., is that in the states, which probably is most notably Texas on the acute side and some other Texas and some other southern states like Louisiana, Arkansas on the behavioral side, it’s largely affected the child and adolescent population from our perspective and that’s had a relatively minimal effect on the acute business, a bigger effect on the behavioral business. We’ve seen a softness, I think in the last six months of 2023 in our child and adolescent business in the behavioral business that we attribute to a large extent to these redeterminations. We think we’re sort of out of the works with that. The redeterminations for the most part or the disenrollments have taken place. We’re already starting to see some of these populations re-enrolled either in Medicaid or alternative programs like CHIP or in commercial exchange programs. So I think that we’re imagining that the impact of redeterminations in 2024 will be limited.
A.J. Rice: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Pito Chickering: Yeah. Good morning, guys. On behavioral, like I think for 2024 guidance, I think half of the revenue guidance is coming from pricing. Pricing for behavioral has been very robust the last few years. Can you talk about the sustainability of that strong pricing you’ve seen looking at the exit rate in fourth quarter? How we should think about a step down in 2024? And then any color on sort of what you’re seeing between the different payer mixes, Medicare rate increases versus Medicaid and Medicare, that’d be great?
Steve Filton: Sure, Pito. So again, I think, as we’ve commented, the strong behavioral pricing I think has really been driven in 2023 by two things. One is actual sort of softness in our residential and that’s where a lot of the child and adolescent businesses is. And so a higher weighting of acute patient days to residential patient days and that by definition sort of increases what we would describe as pricing the revenue per adjusted day. As we emerge from the disenrollment challenge, as we emerge from the handful of residential facilities that had particular regulatory challenges in 2023, I think, we’ll see residential growth starting to outpace acute growth and that will have a kind of muting effect on pricing. The other issue that we have talked about pretty consistently, I think, for the last 12 months or 18 months is, a pretty aggressive effort on our part to go back to payers, particularly in markets and in facilities where we are already capacity constrained and negotiate higher rates and that’s, I think, particularly managed Medicaid payers who have been giving us, I think, historically, less than adequate increases. We’ve had a lot of success doing that, but to some degree, we’re starting to anniversary that impact. So, again, while we are certainly going to continue to strive for the maximum increases we can get from our payers, our general sense of our 2024 budget is that, pricing and acuity will decline a little bit on the behavioral side, but be offset by increased volumes.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Great. And then on acute margin guidance for 2024, it sounds like physician reimbursement is now just slightly over inflation, full-time labor is normal, contract labor is a $30 million, $40 million savings guiding to flat margins, despite revenues growing 5% to 6%. Are there any known headwinds for 2024 to offset all these tailwinds or is this simply just pure conservatism at this point?
Steve Filton: Yeah. Again, as I think I tried to frame it before, Pito, I think it is kind of a broad caution and conservatism that we’ve taken, but informed by the pressures of the last couple of years. And when we were sitting here in, a good example is the physician expense. When we were on this exact call a year ago, we were projecting a pretty big increase in physician expense, a $50 million, $60 million increase. It turned out to be twice that. So even when we’re aware of issues, et cetera, the last couple of years have created a little bit more volatility than we’re accustomed to. So I think we’re -- we were trying to account for some of that in what I view as a fairly cautious approach to guidance.
Pito Chickering: So let me ask that differently, ignoring the $30 million, $40 million contract savings and assuming nothing normal labor, et cetera, et cetera. On a 5% to 6% revenue growth, what would be the normal margin expansion coming from that?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I think that’s a hard question to answer, Pito, because it’s sort of, how do you define normal? We’re in a high inflationary environment, et cetera. I’ll just repeat what I said before. I believe that our view is if we can achieve the revenue targets that are embedded in our guidance, we’d be hopeful to bring out more efficiencies and therefore higher margins from the business than are currently reflected in the guidance.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Whit Mayo with Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Whit Mayo: Hey. Thanks. First, Steve, I just wanted to point out that you have also considerably exceeded those initial Medicaid supplemental payment disclosures in your 10-K every year, I can recall. So I just wanted to mention that for the record. But my question really on Medicaid is there’s been a theme for years now where many states have gotten workaround solutions to the IMD where Medicaid is now covering adults that actually have substance use disorders through 1115 waivers. I’m just wondering if there’s any evidence that you see that those policy actions are now manifesting into any volume growth for you?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, there are a couple of individual facilities and markets that I think have been affected by IMD waivers. I would say that, broadly it has had probably not a material effect on this segment, but there are specific examples I could point to. But, yeah, no, I wouldn’t say it’s broadly a material impact.
Whit Mayo: Okay. And back to your comments on outpatient now elevating itself as a higher priority now that Medicare is reimbursing for IOP and Partial Hospitalization Programs. Just wondering if that opens up opportunities for you, if that’s what you’re referencing when you talk about outpatient for behavioral?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, it really, I think, is the full continuum. We have always had what we call intensive outpatient programs in our behavioral facilities or Partial Hospitalization Programs, which are sort of a means of step down from the inpatient facility. But I think what we’re focusing now on, besides those programs, which we continue to maintain, is more sort of pure outpatient. In many cases, not necessarily even affiliated with an existing facility, et cetera, but standalone outpatient. And to your point, it’s the Medicare advantage, it’s the Medicare opportunity. But it’s also, again, we’re finding the need for behavioral care to be growing across all segments of the population and across all diagnoses, including addiction and others.
Whit Mayo: Yeah. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Sarah James with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. So earlier, your comments on pricing about being a little bit below the halfway point of the 5% to 6%, I’m assuming that was blended products. Could you speak to what you’re seeing on the commercial rate increase side, because some of your peers are talking about mid-single digits on that and seeing a little bit of traction of being able to work in the physician fees. So I’m wondering what that’s looking like for you guys on the acute side?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I think those characterizations are fair. So if we’re talking about overall -- an overall pricing assumption in our guidance, 2.5% to 3%, we’re probably getting twice that on our commercial business, so 5%, 6%. And in terms of specifics about whether we’re able to cover increases in our physician subsidies, et cetera, that really varies contract by contract, et cetera. But the mid-single-digit commercial increases that you’re saying our peers are citing seems to be consistent with our experience.
Sarah James: Great. And one more just on what you guys are doing on technology investments on the acute and behavioral side. Are you implementing any sort of virtual bed checks on either of those segments or where would you focus your technology investments?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So I would highlight, I mean, we have a lot of technology investments, but I think specifically in behavioral, and we’ve talked about this before, we are implementing an electronic medical record in our behavioral facilities. That project is already underway. We are experimenting with and testing a number of technological solutions to more efficient patient grounding in our behavioral facilities where patients will wear something like an Apple Watch kind of device and we’re able to track their location and we’re able to track when we lay eyes on those patients, et cetera. So that’s improving the efficiency of our patients and in our behavioral facilities as well.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I’m showing no further questions at this time. I’d now like to turn it back to Steve Filton for closing remarks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. We’d just like to thank everybody for their time this morning and look forward to speaking to everybody in a couple of months after the first quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Universal Health Services Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Steve Filton, CFO. Please go ahead.
Steve Filton: Thank you, and good morning. Marc Miller is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2023.  During this conference call, we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions.  As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.40 for the third quarter of 2023. After adjusting for the impact of the item reflected on the supplemental schedule, as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $2.55 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023.  During the third quarter, same facility revenues at our behavioral health hospitals increased by 7.6%, primarily driven by a 6.5% increase in revenue per adjusted patient day. The patient day growth in the quarter was greater at our acute care behavioral hospitals versus our lower acuity residential treatment centers, which tended to drive up the revenue per day beyond the already robust levels we've been posting for several periods.  Additionally, as we have anticipated in our original 2023 guidance, we're beginning to see a negative impact of Medicaid redeterminations in certain states on behavioral health volumes. With 8.3% revenue growth, same-facility EBITDA for our behavioral health hospitals has increased approximately 10% during the first 9 months of 2023 compared to the comparable prior year period.  Our acute hospitals experienced strong demand for their services in the third quarter with adjusted admissions increasing 6.8% year-over-year. in part because the volume growth was skewed somewhat to lower acuity procedures, overall revenue growth was 7.5%.  While overall surgical volumes increased about 3% from the prior year quarter, there was a continuing shift from inpatient to outpatient. Additionally, we note that managed care behavior has become more aggressive in 2023 as it relates to denials and patient status classification changes. Meanwhile, the amount of premium paid in the third quarter was $69 million, reflecting a 15% decline from the amount in the previous several quarters. The continued robust increase in acute volumes is the major reason the premium pay has not declined further.  It's worth noting that our average hourly rate, which includes premium pay was slightly lower than in the third quarter of 2022 -- in 2023 as compared to the comparable prior year quarter. Our cash generated from operating activities was $815 million during the first 9 months of 2023 as compared to $699 million during the same period in 2022.  In the first 9 months of 2023, we spent $537 million on capital expenditures and acquired $2.7 million of our own shares at a total cost of approximately $367 million. Since 2019, we have repurchased approximately 26% of the company's outstanding shares. As of September 30, 2023, we had $721 million of aggregate available borrowing capacity pursuant to our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility. I will now turn the call over to Marc Miller, President and CEO, for closing comments.
Marc Miller: Thanks, Steve. Despite what remains a difficult operating environment, our consolidated results continue to track our revised earnings guidance. As we anticipated, acute care volumes have continued their recovery trajectory and have gradually begun to resemble the patterns we experienced before the pandemic.  As Steve has previously commented, we recognize the need to counter the increasingly aggressive behavior on the part of our payers and seek appropriate price increases to offset the impact of inflation on our cost structure and to seek further contractual protection to ensure we are properly reimbursed for the level of care provided to our patients.  We previously highlighted the upward pressure on physician expense, which tended to run at a rate of about 6% of revenues, pre-pandemic but is running closer to 7.6% in 2023.  In our behavioral segment, we have been pleased with our strong pricing and related earnings growth to date but acknowledge significant upside opportunity in our existing occupancy rates, particularly as we continue to improve our recruitment and retention metrics.  As previously disclosed, we expect our operating results for the fourth quarter of 2023 to include revenues earned by our hospitals in connection with the Florida Medicaid Managed Care directed payment program. In addition, it is worth noting that we continue to believe a new Nevada state directed program, which we have previously disclosed appears to still be on track for 2024 implementation with a potentially materially favorable impact on our Nevada hospitals. We are pleased to answer questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Appreciate all the detail. A couple of questions on 2024. One, the -- just -- I know it's early to give guidance, but just wanted to hear your view Steve, on headwinds, tailwinds. And specifically, Marc, the -- I appreciate the comments on Nevada that it does sound fairly material. Wanted to get some color, historically, when a state goes to CMS and tries to put one of these programs in place, can you talk a little bit about timing and probability? Have you ever seen a state be unsuccessful. Have you ever seen CMS turn one of these down and say, I know you have the money, but we're not going to match type of thing. Can you give us some color there, historical background?
Steve Filton: Sure. Just in terms of sort of the first part of your question, in terms of 2024 guidance, Justin, as you know, we don't -- won't formally give our 2024 guidance until our fourth quarter earnings call at the end of February. I think it's fair to say that we continue to believe that the underlying metrics of the two businesses.  As Marc kind of alluded to in his remarks, every sort of passing quarter, continue to resemble more of our pre-pandemic operating environment. And I think broadly, that's sort of the way we're thinking about 2024. I'm not going to go through a detailed list of puts and takes for 2024 at this point. Obviously, the most significant one is the one that you mentioned. This supplemental program in Nevada, which we've been disclosing in our Qs and Ks for a number of quarters now.  We believe the program has been submitted by the State of Nevada to CMS. We believe that the state has been talking with CMS so that they believe that the program meets the CMS requirements, and I think they're anticipating CMS approval. Based on our experience with like programs, we don't believe there's anything in the program that CMS should fundamentally object to. But obviously, it's not over until there is CMS approval.  I think the state's expectation is that approval is likely forthcoming early in 2024. The program is supposed to be retroactive. It's created to be retroactive to January 1 of 2024. We are still waiting for the state to publish an impact file, which would show their estimate of the impact on individual hospitals.  People have been using a number to, I think, estimate the impact on UHS in total in Nevada in the $100 million to $150 million range. And based on our understanding of the program mechanics, that doesn't seem like an unreasonable estimate.  So again, the outstanding dynamic is CMS approval. We think it's probably forthcoming early in 2024. But obviously, we'll continue to keep people updated as we learn anything new.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Cassorla of Citi.
Jason Cassorla: Steve, I wanted to go back to your commentary on the Medicaid redeterminations impact on behavioral volumes. I guess are you able to work with those patients to help get them back on the coverage like you can with the acute care business. And as a result, see that volume headwind as more of a transitory issue? Or how should we think about the puts and takes on the redetermination impact on volumes for behavioral specifically?
Steve Filton: Yes. And to be perfectly candid, Jason, I think we're guesstimating to a degree, the impact. What we have noticed during the quarter is that in certain states and probably for us, most notably, Texas, certainly being the largest one, and it's been reported that I think there have been at least 1 million people redetermined off the rolls in Texas.  But what we've noticed in a place like Texas is that the number of calls and inquiries that we're getting that qualify from both a clinical and financial perspective, meaning there's adequate coverage available [indiscernible] have declined a little bit in the quarter. We don't know, I think, precisely that, that's related to Medicaid redeterminations, but we sort of draw that conclusion kind of based on historical trends and metrics.  As has been reported, it seems like a lot of these redeterminations are for administrative reasons. And a great number of these people will be able to get back reenrolled. And when they reach out to us, we certainly can help them do that. We can also try and help them to get other coverage. But a lot of those things take a little bit of time. So I think our perspective on this is it's probably, in large part, kind of a temporary dynamic. But I think we feel like there is a reasonable chance that our volume growth, particularly in our residential business amongst our trial on adolescent population might have been greater in the third quarter, had it not been for the impact of Medicaid redetermination, again, especially in Texas, but a handful of other states as well.
Jason Cassorla: Great Helpful. And then maybe just as a quick follow-up. Just on capital deployment. It looks like share repurchase activity picked up in the quarter. I guess just given the backdrop, how are you thinking about the uses of your free cash flow moving forward in areas where you perhaps see the best returns just at this juncture? .
Steve Filton: Yes, I would just remind people that we have slowed our share repurchase a little bit in Q2. It seems like ages ago, but there was the threat of a government shutdown at the time, and we were concerned potentially about some short-term cash flow crunch issues. But obviously, that got resolved at least for the time being, and we resumed our sort of regular share repurchase activity in Q3. And I think we generally sort of think about using the bulk of our free cash flow for share repurchase going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Baxter of Wells Fargo.
Stephen Baxter: Can you expand a little bit on the managed care environment? Any way to quantify, I guess, how much of a drag on your realized commercial rates you're seeing from these tactics like if you thought you were getting a 5% rate increase. Is that effectively now 4% or some other number, given the drag there? And would you say this is getting back to pre-pandemic practices as the environments normalize? I think you've talked something about that in the past? Or do you think this is something that's kind of gone well beyond that?
Steve Filton: Yes. I think the way you frame the question, Stephen, is quite appropriate. I think that what we experienced or observed was particularly early on in the pandemic when health care utilization dropped dramatically. I think we felt like the managed care payers eased up quite a bit in what -- sort of what their historically more aggressive utilization review, audits, denials, patient status changes, that sort of thing.  I think as utilization picked up for the industry in 2023 and seem to be getting more back to normal and I think created some pressure on the MLRs for the managed care companies they got -- they returned to sort of what I would describe as their historical practices when it came to again, denial and claims reviews and that sort of thing. And I think that's what we're seeing. And I think the way it's reflected is. And it's difficult to quantify in a precise way, but our acute care revenue per adjusted admission, which was up only modestly in the quarter, I think we would have been higher had it not been for this behavior.  Now I think to a degree, we view it as again, relatively temporary in nature. You saw that our accounts receivable days outstanding ticked up in the quarter. A lot of this is I think, sort of an extended process, meaning we'll appeal a lot of these claims denials. We'll work to collect a lot of these moneys. And I think we will collect a substantial amount of them down the road. But again, in the current period, it did weigh I think, somewhat on our acute care revenue per adjusted administered.
Operator: Our next question comes from A.J. Rice of UBS.
A.J. Rice: Maybe two things. Just to put a finer point on your revenue per adjusted admission trend in acute you're talking about MCO behavior. I think you also commented on volumes coming back tend to be a little lower acuity. Is there any way to parse that out? Do you think the underlying apples-to-apples pricing in acute care is still in that sort of 2% to 3% range. and how much are each of those being a drag. And then the flip side on the behavioral side, it looks like it's more of a volume question. And you mentioned Medicaid redeterminations, but there's been times when it's been constrained somewhat by staffing challenges. And just maybe comment on the underlying demand. This is still there to the same degree has been historically on the behavioral side.
Steve Filton: Okay. Quite a bit in your question, A.J., I'll try and cover it all. again, I think on the acute side, as you suggest, in our prepared comments, and I think we've talked about this in previous quarters, I think the volumes are particularly high in 2023 because we are experiencing, not just us, but the industry in general, some level of recapture of procedures that were postponed or deferred during the pandemic. And I think by their nature, those procedures tend to be the lower acuity, less intense procedures. Obviously, the emerging sorts of procedures that occurred during the pandemic, the heart attacks, the strokes, the accidents, trauma, those were attended to immediately but more elective, low-intensity stuff with the things that were deferred, including as -- even as simply as visits to primary care physicians, et cetera. And so as those began to occur kind of in their more normal trajectory, they sort of create a cascade of demand as well. So somebody who hasn't seen their primary care doctor for a couple of years, now goes and now had his visit to the cardiologist or had routine colonoscopy or whatever it may be. And I think you're seeing that.  So as our volumes, I think, are elevated, our revenue per admission is somewhat more muted. I think over time, we would expect our volumes to moderate a little bit, but also our revenue per adjusted admission to come up. And again, I think we have a view that the long-term model in this business has not changed dramatically. I think we imagine that revenue growth in the acute business over time for a historically long time has been in that kind of mid-single-digit range, 5%, 6%, 7% and split pretty evenly between price and volume. And I think as time passes, we'll get closer and closer back to those historical norms.  I think on the behavioral side, as you suggest, the sort of dynamic has been -- kind of the flip side of that where pricing has been particularly strong. And again, that's a little bit of a mix issue. We've talked about some weakness in the residential business. In a couple -- a handful of facilities that are challenged with some very specific issues, but also with Medicaid redeterminations I mentioned earlier. But again, I think over time, those at least will see an increase in residential business. That will naturally bring down pricing, but will also increase volumes.  And the staffing issue just is a continuing issue we remain constrained in some markets, in some facilities by a lack of staff that could be nurses. It could be therapists. It could be mental health technicians who are nonprofessionals. Generally, I think we continue to improve our recruitment and our retention metrics. And I think those metrics as they continue to get better, will drive greater volumes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Perse of Goldman Sachs.
Jamie Perse: First on physician subsidies, can you just give us -- first, can you confirm whether that was in line with the expectations this quarter? And then secondly, just what are you seeing in terms of the market dynamics? Are you seeing the market start to settle? Or do you see more disruption out there? And any comments on your prior comments from 2Q about that kind of flattening out into next year?
Steve Filton: Yes. So Jamie, the comment that we made in Q2 was that we had originally anticipated and what we included in our 2023 original guidance was that physician expense would be $55 million to $60 million higher in 2023 than it was in 2022. As it turned out, I think this has been a bigger issue than we anticipated, and I think virtually all of our peers anticipated around the country. And what we said is that we anticipated that the second half of the year would also reflect like another $55 million or $60 million increase over the second half of 2022. And we are tracking very closely to those numbers in the third quarter. So in other words, I don't think we've had a material sequential increase in our pro fees or in our physician expenses.  Our expectation, what we said at the time was we thought -- not necessarily that physician expenses would absolutely flatten out in 2024. But certainly, that the rate of increase, which is running in the 35%, 40% range this year would moderate significantly. And while I think we were not prepared to suggest exactly what it would be right now, I think, something in the 10% to 15% range of increase would be sort of more of what we would expect.  And it's really a function of -- the industry, I think, has largely sort of had to reset itself since the No Surprise Billing Act passed and the impact of that on the profitability of these physician billing businesses or physician services, the impact of the lower billings paves its way through the system.  So what we're finding is we're replacing those contracts that are most expensive. We're putting them out to bid. We're in some cases, in-sourcing the service. We believe that we'll be able to -- through those activities drive greater efficiencies, and that's why we have this general view that 2024 will not be as volatile and will not have as many material increases as we saw in 2023. But certainly, as we get closer to our 2024 guidance, we'll have a better sense of that, and we'll give more detail. But again, at the moment, we're tracking for the back half of the year, sort of exactly where we said we'd be last quarter.
Jamie Perse: Okay. Perfect. That's helpful. And then secondly, just on 2024. Can you update us on progress with the three de novo hospitals, in Nevada, Florida and D.C. Specifically, how should we think about the EBITDA drag as some of those preopening expenses ramp up next year?
Steve Filton: Sure. So the only hospital that will actually open in 2024 is our West Henderson facility in Las Vegas, which I think at the moment is scheduled to open either late in Q3 or early in Q4. So I think it will have a bit of a drag in our 2024 results. But given that it's relatively late in the year, given our historical success in opening hospitals in that market, I don't think it will be a tremendous drag. Again, as we get closer to our actual guidance, we'll put some more concrete numbers around that. But I don't think it should be terribly impactful to our 2024 guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pito Chickering of Deutsche Bank.
Philip Chickering: Can I go back to Medicaid redetermination again for a second. Is this primarily inpatient or is it residential? And looking at the referral channels and basing in Texas, are you -- is there any of your patients in the ER that can't get discharged and inpatient behavioral because they don't have coverage or any other color on which channels you're seeing the referrals due to Medicaid redetermination in Texas.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think as I mentioned, and again, I want to be clear that I'm not sure that the data that we get and the space that we have is sort of absolutely precise or that we can sort of correlate it to redeterminations in a very precise way. I think what we observed during Q3 was that the number of inquiries that we're getting, and that includes, as you suggest, referrals from third-party sources. It includes direct calls to our 800 numbers, it includes direct inquiries to our Internet sites, et cetera. We're not necessarily down in volume, but what we were noticing is that it was a greater number of patients who did not have appropriate financial coverage. We always have some patients who don't, but it seems -- that number seemed to elevate in Q3. And it seemed to elevate in particular geographies in which Medicaid redeterminations were high. I mentioned Texas a bunch of times. I think Arkansas, Indiana, were also states where we saw an elevated level.  But again, I'm not sure that I can parse it between inquiries from referral sources or direct increase to us. And like I said, I don't know that we can also tie it directly to what we generally are asking patients is what their current sort of financial coverage is. We're not necessarily getting their history of had Medicaid, lost Medicaid. We will talk to them about whether we can help them get Medicaid coverage, et cetera, but we don't necessarily document the history there. So it's a little bit difficult to, I think, give the level of sort of precise data that you're looking for.
Philip Chickering: Okay. So just to make sure I understand that. So the number of inbound inquiries are basically the same, but the financial ability to pay was lower.
Steve Filton: Correct.
Philip Chickering: Okay. Got it. And then a quick follow-up to Jamie's questions on the business pressures. Thanks for giving us this number is about 30% to 40% increase for this year, moderating sort of 10% to 15% for next year. I guess, what percentage of contracts are locked in either typically multiyear contracts? So what percentage contracts are already locked in for next year? Or you've already gone and in-sourced this group yourselves?
Steve Filton: Yes. I think the truth is, Pito, these contracts are multiyear contracts, but they all have short-term outs. So in other words, I mean, I think the reason this physician expense issue became a crisis in 2023. And is that -- even though hospitals, I think, have long-term contracts with their physician -- their contract physician providers, their ER physicians, their anesthesiologist those groups were coming to hospitals and saying, look, we're going to give you a 90-day or 120-day notice whatever our contract calls for unless you're able to increase our subsidy or change our contract in some way, et cetera.  So I'm not sure that the underlying length of the contract is all that determined because I think in most cases -- for us, and I'm guessing for others in the industry because otherwise, this wouldn't have become the issue that it did have -- all have short-term out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah James of Cantor Fitzgerald.
Sarah James: I wanted to go back and clarify two comments that you made. First, on what sounds like the low acuity pent-up demand working its way through. You said you expect it to phase down over time. So just wondering if that means you expect it to still be a factor in 2024, if you're talking about phasing down through the end of this year? And the second clarification is just on the inpatient denials from insurers. Can you give us a little bit more context? Are these procedure classes that the payers are saying should have been outpatient? Or is it something about the number of hours spend or some other aspect that they're pushing back on?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, so I've said before that it is virtually impossible for us to precisely say whether a particular procedure is a catch-up of something that was postponed or deferred during the pandemic. So in other words, when we schedule an elective surgery or an elective diagnostic test. We have no idea when that patient sort of originally contemplated that procedure or discussed it with their physician, et cetera.  What we do know is that the volume of elective procedures clearly declined certainly in the early stages of the pandemic and they have been picking up since. And so we conclude and I think it's a reasonable conclusion that there is some element of catch-up. And to be fair, if you look at it, acute care adjusted admissions for us were up like 10% in the first quarter. Which was really kind of an extraordinary number. It's moderated a little bit in Q2, down to like 8%, which is still a very high number, moderated to a little less than 7% in Q3. Which, again, still a very robust number from a historical perspective, but seems to be moderating a little bit.  Your question about how quickly it continues, how much is left in the pipeline. The truth of the matter is I'm not sure that anybody can answer that question with precision. I just don't know that, that data is out there in a meaningful way that anybody can capture. So look, when we, again, give our 2024 guidance, we will make some guesstimate based on trends and how it's going and what we think acute care volumes will look like in 2024.  But I think broadly, our view is that those lower acuity volumes will continue to get caught up and moderate, and we'll get back to again, mid-single-digit acute care revenue growth that ultimately will be split between price and volume pretty evenly, whether that happens early in '24. Late in '24, I think that's yet to be determined.  Your question about denials, particularly in the acute business, the issue that I think is probably, first and foremost, tends to be classification of patients between an inpatient admission and observation status. With obviously a patient who -- and this is frustrating for us because A lot of these patients are in the hospital for multiple days. But from the managed care perspective, don't meet inpatient admission criteria even though we're treating them for multiple days and maybe then getting paid for them as if they were simply an outpatient in our emergency room.  But that's the main issue. We do get sort of flat out denials where an insurance company would say that a patient shouldn't have been treated at all. But the vast majority of issues that we have with insurance companies on the acute side are over patient classification between inpatient and observation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Hynes of Mizuho.
Ann Hynes: Can you just give an update on the behavioral hospitals that had some issues in Q2, how they are progressing -- I'm sorry, progressing back to normal emission trends. And also maybe to that same effect, I know in Q2, you hired a bunch of nurses that take a while to train and a while to ramp up. Can you talk about how that's going? And when you think that group of nurses will be able to take on a full patient load that we'll be able to see in the admission trends?
Steve Filton: Thanks, Ann. So you alluded to the two items that we probably discussed at the greatest length in Q2 that was affecting behavioral volumes in Q2. One was a handful of residential treatment facilities that were challenged with very kind of specific and nuanced issues with either regulators or referral sources, et cetera, that were working their way through.  And then secondly, on a broader kind of more macro basis, so significant amount of new nursing graduates into the system, having to orient them, get them trained, et cetera. In both cases, we talked about the fact that the sort of recovery from those things would take the better part of the year. But by the end of the year and early into 2024, we thought both those issues would be largely behind us. I think that's true.  The first issue is a much more sort of identifiable issue, those facilities will sort of return to their normal trajectory. The staffing issue is obviously an ongoing one. We're constantly hiring new nurses and having to train them, et cetera. Again, I think it became an issue in Q2 in the spring when a lot of new nursing graduates were coming out of school where those numbers sort of crept up and we're having sort of a measurable impact in the business.  I think the encouraging thing from our perspective is that overall, our hiring rates as well as our turnover -- hiring rates are going up and our turnover rates are coming down, albeit in both cases incrementally. Which should allow us to, in our minds, get back to kind of what we think is a more normative and expected level of volume growth in behavioral, which is probably not terribly higher than the 1% we're running now, but maybe in the 3% or 4%. And in terms of our model and our ability to generate incremental earnings and incremental margin growth, that small increase in occupancy should make a big difference.
Ann Hynes: All right. And I'm not sure if you said this, but can you just provide the contract on premium labor as a percentage of total labor for nursing and acute care?
Steve Filton: Yes. So it was $69 million in Q3, which is about a 10% to 15% increase over what we've been running last few quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. You may have just -- I don't know I just missed, but you made a comment earlier about how lack of labor is restricting volume growth. But then on the RTC side, it sounds like you got redetermination potentially restricting volume growth, which seems that odd. I guess you're saying that the occupancy difficulty is on the acute side and that it's not really a lack of labor on the RTC side or else you'd just be able to refill that redetermination headwind, right?
Steve Filton: Yes. I just think they're discrete issues, Kevin. I think again, Medicaid redeterminations, I think, again, in just certain geographies are creating, we believe, relatively temporarily a bolus of patients who lack coverage, who didn't lack coverage, let's say, a quarter ago or 2 quarters ago. And so where -- we seem to be turning more patients away in Q3 for lack of financial resources than we have had in the past.  But again, we think that's sort of a temporary issue. The staffing issue tends to be more of an issue in the acute behavioral business just because we rely more on RMs in that patient care model. And so yes, I mean, the staffing constraint and the deflection issue in behavioral tends to be more skewed to the acute behavioral business than the residential business.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess on the professional fees, I just want to -- I think you said the number went from 6% of revenue to 7.6% of revenue. Was that an acute care revenue number? Or is that a total revenue number? And then is there any reason to think that this cost pressure is fundamentally different than any other cost pressure? Like right now, you're going back and getting better rates to match the inflation spikes you've seen over the last few years. Is this cost pressure just one more cost pressure that you would have to price in over the next few years and maybe it takes 3 years to recapture the 1.6% headwind to margins, but you should -- you would expect to catch that eventually? Or is there anything structurally different about this cost versus others?
Steve Filton: Yes. So two things. Number one, in terms of the first question, yes, I should have been clear this is the physician expenses really, as we've been discussing, it is really ER coverage, anesthesiology coverage and by definition, is an acute care issue, and those percentages were meant to be percentages of acute care revenue.  Your second question about sort of isn't just like any other expense. I mean, again, as I was mentioning, I think in a previous response, I think what really drove this sort of immediate pressure and position expense and the timing of it was the passage of the No Surprise Billing Act. And what I think we all collectively learned was that these physician coverage businesses had relied on their profitability in large part for their billings to out-of-network patients. I'm not sure collectively, we have a full understanding of that. So when that ability was reduced dramatically by the No Surprise Billing Act, those businesses to the degree that they were run by third parties or even to the degree that hospitals were insourcing, became much less profitable, and we had to absorb those costs. I mean in our case, in almost all cases, we were just having to pay third parties more.  But I think once that gets reset, I'm not sure there be pressure continues. I mean, to me, that's a onetime reset. I think that's what you're seeing play through our numbers in 2023, et cetera. I do think there's also an element, I mean, there is, I think, a finite -- there's a shortage of these kinds of doctors much like there was a shortage of nurses that we felt during the pandemic, and that exacerbated the dynamic a little bit. But again, I think that expense rose by 35% or 40% for us in 2023. I can't think of another expense that rose by anywhere near that amount. And so again, I think we have a view that this is a largely kind of onetime notion. That's not to say that there won't be pressure on physician expense next year that, as I said earlier, it couldn't increase by 10% or 15%. And something above the rate of inflation. But I just don't think we think that this is something that we're going to have to face 35% or 40% increases multiple years in a row.
Kevin Fischbeck: But I'm sorry, maybe I'm just -- it seems to me like you're not saying this 1.6% acute care margin pressure is going to reverse over time as you just price -- surgeries, everything higher to reflect you now have an increased cost in here. You're saying this is a new baseline and we should kind of think differently about the long-term margin in acute because these pressures won't continue to get worse, but they're here to stay.
Steve Filton: Yes, I don't think anybody is suggesting that physician expenses are likely to decline anytime soon. I don't think that's anything we have suggested. Like I said, we said earlier, when people talk about what's it likely to be in 2024, I said a 10% or 15% increase is not an unreasonable way to think about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Whit Mayo of Leerink.
Benjamin Mayo: I know you guys are still going through the planning process for 2024, but I just wanted to sort of dial in to maybe some of the top strategic priorities you have for the behavioral health business that might be different than some of the initiatives in prior years? You've covered your labor agenda pretty well on this call and the progress -- the small progress, I think, that you're seeing there. But just anything else you'd call out, any organizational changes, anything that gets you excited or less excited about next year?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, so Whit, I think as we've discussed, obviously, staffing, recruitment retention remains a top priority and focus, and honestly, I think will continue to be for the foreseeable future. Like I said, I think we feel like we've made a significant amount of progress, but it continues to be a major focus because, again, I think we have a belief that to the degree that we can hire appropriate clinical personnel, particularly in very specific geographies, very specific hospitals. We absolutely have the ability to increase occupancy significantly.  There are other initiatives, I think we have to increase occupancy. I think broadly, increasing occupancy is sort of the most significant opportunity we see in our behavioral business. In a business where pricing has been strong, where I think what Q3 reflects is that cost controls have been improving. We've been reducing contract labor. We've been reducing over time. I think that increased occupancy is the most significant opportunity we had in [indiscernible] going forward. And I think we believe it's a significant opportunity.  Recruitment retention is a big way to get there, but we're looking at broadening our continuum, focusing on certain service lines like substance abuse and MAT and telehealth and outpatient and broadening sort of the continuum of care that we already, I think, offer a pretty broad continuum of care, but broadening that even more and broadening our payer mixes that we reach out to, we have a pretty strong presence in both the active and retired military but I think have a number of initiatives to increase our penetration there. So there's a handful of important initiatives in behavioral. But all I think would fall under this umbrella of being able to increase occupancy.
Benjamin Mayo: Got it. Steve, just looking at the guidance, I know that you're reiterating it, but my math, if I just apply very simple normal seasonality looking at the DPP program in Florida you can easily get to the high end of the range. And I know that you're very respectful of the volatile operating environment, but just sort of anything that I'm missing or any refresh views as you kind of look within the range and kind of how you feel like you're tracking next.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean I feel like -- and I will say that we don't pay a great deal of attention to consensus estimates, but the last time that I looked at consensus estimates, I think they were sort of in the midpoint of our revised guidance. It seems like a reasonable target at the moment. I think as we've discussed on the call, in my mind, clearly, the two upsides for us, number one, as we just discussed, is if we're able, over the fourth quarter to increase behavioral volumes and occupancy, I think that would be extremely helpful and create a significant amount of upside. And on the acute side, being able to push that pricing number up, recapture some of the sort of disputed amounts from our managed care payers, increased acuity, that sort of thing.  So I think we've largely discussed what the upsides are and that if we were able to achieve those things, maybe we could get beyond where the consensus targets have us now.
Operator: Our final question comes from Joshua Raskin of Nephron Research.
Joshua Raskin: Just on the physician staffing costs again. Can you just remind us how much of the staffing may be for ED anesthesiology, how much of that is outsourced or if any of it's in-sourced at this point? And then separately, how are your employee physicians performing? Is it really just an issue of specialists that we're billing for specific out-of-network issues? Or are you seeing some of that internally as well?
Steve Filton: Yes. So first of all, for us, Josh, all of these contract services have historically been outsourced at least ER and anesthesiology. We have, in the last 3 or 4 months, brought some of those services in-house where we thought it made economic sense to do it, but historically, they've all been outsourced.  I think it's a very different dynamic. And I think again, it's very specific to these house-based physicians, anesthesiology, ER being by far the highest ones. But we're seeing it some in radiology, some in intensivist or labors or whatever. But clearly, ER and anesthesiology being the two largest. Our employed physicians who are just either regular primary care or specialists. I don't think they've been affected in a material way by the No Surprise Billing Act. Essentially, those physicians are in network with virtually all of the payers that we're in network with. So it's really not an issue with them. So this dynamic, I think, is very specific to the hospital-based physicians.
Joshua Raskin: That makes sense. And then just one last one on '24. I know you're talking about this normalization. But when I look at some of the same-store revenue growth numbers, mid- to very -- mid-to-high single digits in the acute side, very high single digits to low double digits on the behavioral side. It just seems like pretty tough comps. And so do you think this is just more of a catch-up reset year and that next year we'll be back in that, pick a number, 5%, 6% range overall?
Steve Filton: Yes. And again, I think I made those comments earlier. I mean, I think, yes, I think we think that in both cases, revenue growth, whether it's exactly in the beginning of 2024 later. But I think we think it moderates to sort of more historically normative levels. And I would also say a more historically normative split.  So on the acute side, I do think volumes are likely to come down over time, but I think acuity will come up. And again, we'll get back to kind of mid-single-digit pricing.  I think in behavioral, we're likely to see pricing moderate a little bit, but also see volumes come up and again, get to kind of mid-to-upper single-digit pricing or upper single-digit revenue growth. And in both cases, I think with the moderation in costs with physician expense on the acute side coming into better control with contract labor coming down and overtime coming down, it should put us in a position where we're back on that trajectory of getting -- being on a path to get back to pre-pandemic margins in both segments.
Operator: I am showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn it back to Steve Filton for closing remarks.
Steve Filton: Thank you. We'd just like to thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking with everybody next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Second Quarter 2023 Universal Health Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Steve Filton, CFO. Please go ahead.
Steve Filton: Thank you, and good morning. Marc Miller is also joining us this morning. We welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2023. During the conference call, we'll be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.42 for the second quarter of 2023. After adjusting for the impact of the item reflected on the supplemental schedule, as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $2.53 for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. Our acute hospitals experienced strong demand for their services in the second quarter with adjusted admissions increasing 7.7% over the prior year. Even though the volume growth was skewed somewhat to lower acuity procedures, overall revenue growth was still a very robust 9.7%. While overall surgical volumes were solid, increasing about 5% from the prior year quarter, there was a continuing shift from inpatient to outpatient. Meanwhile, the amount of premium pay in the second quarter was $75 million, reflecting approximately 10% to 12% decline from the amount in the previous several quarters. The continued robust increase in acute volumes is the major reason that premium pay has not declined further. It's worth noting that our average hourly rate, which includes premium pay, was 4% lower than the second quarter of 2022. On a same-facility basis, EBITDA at our acute care hospitals increased 16% during the second quarter of 2023 as compared to the comparable prior year quarter. During the second quarter, same-facility revenues at our behavioral health hospitals increased by 7.8%, primarily driven by a 6.2% increase in revenue per adjusted patient day. The patient day growth in the quarter was greater at our acute care -- our acute behavioral hospitals versus our lower acuity residential treatment centers, which tended to drive up the revenue per day beyond the already relatively robust levels we've been posting for several periods. With a similar level of revenue growth in the first quarter, same facility EBITDA for our behavioral hospitals has increased 12% in the first half of the year compared to the comparable prior year period. Our cash generated from operating activities was $654 million during the first six months of 2023 as compared to $478 million during the same period in 2022. In the first half of 2023, we spent $337 million on capital expenditures and acquired $1.4 million of our own shares at a total cost of approximately $192 million. Since 2019, we have repurchased approximately 20% of the company's outstanding shares. As of June 30, 2023, we had $946 million of aggregate available borrowing capacity pursuant to our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility. In our acute care segment, we continue to develop additional inpatient and ambulatory care capacity. We currently have 24 operational freestanding emergency departments as well as three additional, which are expected to be completed and opened over the next six months and nine more which have been approved and are in various stages of development. Also, construction continues on our de novo acute care hospitals consisting of the 150-bed West Henderson Hospital in Las Vegas, Nevada, which is expected to open next fall; the 150-bed Alan B. Miller Medical Center in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida; and the 136 beds Cedar Hill Regional Medical Center in Washington, D.C., both of which are expected to open in 2025. In our behavioral health segment, we recently completed and opened the 120-bed River Vista Behavioral Health Hospital in Madera, California, and we broke ground on the 96-bed Southridge Behavioral Hospital in West Michigan, a joint venture with Trinity Health, Michigan, which is expected to open later next year. I will now turn the call over to Marc Miller, President and CEO, for some closing comments.
Marc Miller: Thanks, Steve. We were generally pleased with our second quarter results, as both of our business segments continued their transition into a post-pandemic world. As we anticipated, acute care volumes have continued their recovery trajectory, and have gradually begun to resemble the patterns we experienced before the pandemic. The comparison to last year's second quarter for our acute hospitals is the first apples-to-apples comparison of two low COVID volume quarters we have had since the pandemic began and the 60-basis-point year-over-year margin improvement in Q2 is a step towards a more extended margin recovery, we hope to sustain for the next several periods. In our acute segment, we highlighted the upward pressure on physician expense which tended to run at a rate of about 6% of revenues pre-pandemic, but is running closer to 7.6% in 2023. Based on the generally favorable operating trends in the first half of the year, we are increasing the lower end of our 2023 EPS guidance from 9.50 a share to 9.85 a share. As we have previously disclosed, our 2023 guidance had originally assumed recognition in the fourth quarter of 2023 of $25 million of supplemental revenues from a Nevada Medicaid program. The state has dramatically reduced the funding for this program, and we now believe our fourth quarter revenue recognition will be only approximately $3 million. This reduction has informed our decision not to change the upper end of our guidance range at this time. It is worth noting that we believe a new Nevada state directed program which we also have previously disclosed appears to still be on track for a 2024 implementation with a potentially materially favorable impact on our Nevada hospitals. We are pleased to answer questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jason Cassorla from Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Cassorla: Great. Thanks and good morning. I just wanted to ask about acute care volumes. I guess, obviously, a strong result for the first half, but wondering how you're feeling about the trajectory of those volumes in the back half of the year. And I know it's early, but do you think this creates a new base from which you grow off of for next year, or do you think it still create kind of a set of difficult comps that you have to kind of overcome and work through in the first half of 2024? Just any color or commentary around that would be helpful.
Steve Filton: Sure. I mean I think part of what we're experiencing in -- certainly in the first half of this year is what both, I think, providers and payers have anticipated for some time, and that is during the pandemic, there was some amount of deferral and postponement of procedures. And I think what both providers and payers have been reporting in the last quarter or two is that we've seen an uptick in volumes, particularly lower acuity volumes, elective, and surgical procedures. Again, I think particularly skewed towards the Medicare population that probably was most prone to defer and postpone during the pandemic. It's very difficult for providers like us. And I think, quite frankly, for almost everybody, except for individual physicians to really try and precisely determine how much of current volume is an exhaustion of demand that was sort of postponed or deferred during the pandemic. I think the comment that we have made simply is that we had 10% adjusted admission growth in acute care in Q1, close to 8% in Q2. Those are really historically unprecedented numbers. So, our expectation -- and again, I think Marc's comments were in Q2, for the first time, we had kind of an apples-to-apples comparison with last year in terms of low COVID volumes. We're expecting, I think, volumes to moderate in the future, but also for acuity to rise and to return to sort of that mid-single-digit level of topline growth in acute care that has sort of long been the model. Whether that occurs in the next couple of quarters, whether we have a run of somewhat extended and enhanced volumes, I think is difficult for anyone to project. Obviously, it's been pretty strong for the last six months, early indications in July that remains that way. But we'll see. So, again, I think some of our caution about guidance in the back half of the year is also informed by this idea that we're not exactly sure at what pace acute care volumes moderate, but there is some sense if they will. But generally feeling pretty good about overall acute care volumes which did suffer -- at least non-COVID volumes, which did suffer definitively during the pandemic.
Jason Cassorla: Got it. Okay. Thanks. And maybe just as a follow-up on the acute care physician subsidy expense. It sounds like that's coming in at an even greater pressure point than originally anticipated in guidance. I guess, one, is that fair? And curious if that level of spending is at a tipping point now where maybe you need to perhaps consider greater levels of in-sourcing or other strategies to help offset and create kind of a good guy sort of set up for '24 and beyond? Any just thoughts on that would be helpful. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So we have certainly been talking about and anticipating that 2023 would be a challenging year when it came to this issue of physician subsidy expense. We talked about back in February when we gave our 2023 guidance providing like a $55 million to $60 million increase in our guidance in physician expense. The reality is the rate of increase is probably running at about twice that. I do think that this is to some degree, sort of a transitory pressure. These contract service providers who provide much of our specialty emergency room and anesthesiology coverage are -- many of them are facing pretty significant financial stress. There have been a number of high-profile bankruptcies in that area by these contract providers. And in this interim period, where we're having to replace or kind of substitute and either pay greater subsidies to our existing providers or to new providers or your question alluded to in source and hire these physicians ourselves, there's this sort of kind of onetime, hopefully, expenditure of money and dollars to make this transition. But at the end of the day, I think we have a point of view that there's x number of ER providers in the country, there's x number of anesthesiology providers in the country. And when this sort of current disruption settles out, those dollar increases like in 2024, will at a minimum level off and hopefully will actually decline. But we're not going to see this rate of increase over an extended period of time.
Jason Cassorla: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you, one moment for our next question. The next question comes from Ben Hendrix from RBC Capital Markets.
Ben Hendrix: I was wondering if you could answer pretty much the same question on the softness in the behavioral that we saw this quarter versus first quarter. I think you had called out maybe some headwinds at some specific facilities. Just wanted to see kind of how that looks like in the back half? Is that an easy fix and what we can expect going forward?
Steve Filton: Yeah. Well, I'll go back to the point that Marc made earlier. The first quarter comparison was a bit anomalous because we were comparing kind of a low COVID volume in Q1 of 2023 with a very high volume in COVID quarter in 2022. So particularly on the behavioral side, that comparison was very favorable and volumes, revenue, EBITDA growth all looked very favorable in Q1. Q2 volume growth was a little more normalized, frankly, a little softer than we anticipated. I think that our acute behavioral volumes, and I made this comment in the prepared remarks, we're actually in line with our expectations, but the volumes in our residential treatment centers were somewhat lower than expectations as we kind of, delved into those numbers. It really seems like they were focused on a handful of facilities that we're having specific issues with referral sources or regulatory issues that we believe will be corrected and largely resolved in the back half of the year, but didn't seem to be pervasive in any sort of company-wide or industry-wide sort of dynamic. So I think our view as we think about the behavioral business trajectory, the point that we've made for some time during the pandemic is that as COVID volumes eased, we would be able to hire more people. As we would be able to hire more people, we'd be able to generate more patient days, more volume, greater efficiencies, greater EBITDA growth. I think if you look at the first six months of the year, which, again, I made the point in my prepared remarks, EBITDA is up 12%. I think if you look at the last four quarters, EBITDA is up substantially. And I think that's how we're looking at the earning power of our behavioral business. A bit of a slowdown in Q2, but I think we think the long-term trajectory is much more reflective of the experience we've had over the last two to four quarters.
Ben Hendrix: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, one moment for our next question. We have a question from Andrew Mok from UBS. Your line is open.
Andrew Mok: Hi. Good morning. Same-store inpatient admissions were up about 7% in the quarter. But I think in patient surgeries were only up about 1% or so. You mentioned lower acuity procedures, but I think those stats would imply some very strong medical growth or nonsurgical growth. Can you elaborate on the nature of the procedures you're seeing on the inpatient side? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So what I said in my prepared remarks was that overall surgical growth was up about 5% Q2 over Q2, which we view as a pretty solid outcome skewed more towards outpatient growth so outpatient procedures -- outpatient surgical procedures were up 8%, inpatient were only up 1%. But that obviously affects acuity. And again, I think in my mind, this is sort of an intuitive result. If what we're seeing in terms of the volume growth in acute care is, to some degree, a recapture of postponed and deferred procedures, it makes sense that those deferred and postponed procedures were of the lower acuity nature. Almost by definition, if people had emergency health care needs during the pandemic, those were attended to. But the things that were deferred were more elective, more discretionary procedures, both surgical and medical. And again, I think that's the dynamic you're seeing in terms of very high volumes but somewhat more muted acuity.
Andrew Mok: Got it. And just a quick follow-up. How is the Reno hospital tracking against expectations, can you help quantify the contribution that, that hospital had on same-store admissions growth in the quarter? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I don't have those exact admission numbers for the Reno hospital in front of me, but I'll say that -- what we have said was included in our 2023 guidance was about a $25 million or $30 million turnaround at the Reno Hospital. I think we're tracking I think we anticipated that, that would be a little back-end loaded, and I think that's right. I think we probably had about a $4 million to $5 million improvement in Q2. But I think we're generally tracking for that level of improvement for the full year, and that's our expectation. My sense is the Reno Hospital is not large enough to have had a significant impact on admissions one way or the other in the quarter.
Andrew Mok: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joshua Raskin from Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just the first question, getting back to the behavioral health margins. I think in the past, you've suggested, and I think you just alluded to this, Steve, that there just weren't enough clinicians to hire and that sort of slowed your volumes. Are you now able to find these clinicians? If so, where are they coming from? And are different categories, maybe nurses versus MD is performing different roles. I'm just curious how you're feeling that capacity.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, so what I think we have said pretty consistently throughout the pandemic is that the pandemic itself -- and I should start by making the point that prior to the pandemic, in late 2019, early 2020, I think we would have described, and I think most of our provider colleagues would have described the labor market. It's pretty tight back then. The overall unemployment rate in the country was, I think, pretty close to full employment, clinical employment, particularly nursing employment was very tight. The pandemic then really exacerbates that tightness, particularly for sub-acute providers like behavioral providers because we started to lose a great many nurses, especially nurses to these high-level premium pay opportunities they were having working in acute care hospitals and COVID units or ERs or ICUs, et cetera. And the argument we made all along was that as COVID volumes declined, those opportunities for these extraordinary pay increases would decline and nurses would return to their – we'll sort of call it home base and employment. And I think that's what we've been seeing I'm going to say, for the last 12 or 15 months, I'm going to say at least back to the spring -- the early spring of 2022. And we're seeing that. Now what we're seeing is an increase in base wage rates in order for us to get those folks back. So I think wage inflation and behavioral or average hourly rate increase in Q2 over the prior year is more like 4.5%, 5%, which is certainly higher than it was running in the pandemic. And again, you see some of that in our salary, overall salary increases. But at the end of the day, and this is the point that I was trying to make before, I think what we've demonstrated, especially over the last three quarters, and to a lesser degree, in Q2 of this year as we're able to hire more people, we're able to generate more volumes and as a consequence, EBITDA growth, margin improvement, et cetera. It's not a directly, it's not a ratable increase every single quarter. But -- and again, there's some element of timing here as we hire new people, they have to be trained and oriented and that causes some level of inefficiency. But over time, I think we have the view that we're going to continue to be able to hire more people in behavioral and admit more patients and that's going to lead to a long-term growth trajectory in that business.
Joshua Raskin: Got you. Got you. And then just one more on United spoke about a large increase in the incidence of mental health utilization, just more people seeking services. Do you think that translates to more inpatient care, or is that a level of acuity that's been more steady on the inpatient side and maybe that's more lower acuity?
Steve Filton: Yes. My recollection from reading the United transcript was that they specifically talked about that increase being skewed to outpatient procedures. And, obviously, I think outpatient is a more highly competitive market for behavioral, there's a lot more competitors. I think our view is over the long-term, the more people who are getting care and getting appropriate assessments, et cetera, is good for our business, which tends to have a much broader continuum of care that includes more intensive outpatient and partial hospitalization and all sorts of inpatient care across many diagnosis. So I think we have a view that while we didn't necessarily experience that same growth in outpatient that United referred to specifically, I think, in their first -- second quarter call, that ultimately down the road, we're likely to benefit from more and more people getting the appropriate level of behavioral care and assessment.
Joshua Raskin: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Whit Mayo from Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Whit Mayo: Thanks. Steve, I appreciate the comments on Nevada and the supplemental Medicaid program changes. Any way to potentially size how you guys are thinking about the potential contribution of that in 2024? I know there's still some moving pieces and approvals that need to happen.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So we're waiting Whit for the state to resume more specific guidance about how their specific methodology is going to work, et cetera. But based on our broad understanding of how this program is going to work as I think Marc commented in his prepared remarks, our expectation is that this could have a materially favorable benefit on our Nevada hospitals. But we're anxiously waiting for the state to issue more specific or more specifics surrounding the calculations and the methodology and the size of the pool, et cetera, which we think could be forthcoming going to sort of say in the near intermediate term. But certainly, we think there'll be a lot more clarity by the end of the year.
Whit Mayo: Yeah. Okay. No, that's helpful. We've gotten some questions around the Cerner Oracle EMR investments you guys are making, none of this is new. But just maybe remind us the income statement, CapEx impact, how many hospitals you're thinking about converting? I can't imagine that's all of your facilities, just timeline and any review of that initiative?
Steve Filton: Sure. So as you said, this is not necessarily really new news. We originally committed to a behavioral EMR implementation with Cerner. Going back a couple of years and after Cerner's acquisition by Oracle, Oracle wanted to do this press release, which is fine. But to be clear, I mean, it's not new. We've already implemented a handful of facilities in 2022. We'll implement another round of facilities in 2023. If you read the press release, it doesn't refer to the number of facilities. I think when at least one of the news media outlets picked up the story based on the combine the fact that we were making this announcement with the fact that we've got 200 behavioral facilities here in the US, and said that we were committed to implement 200 facilities, as your question alludes to, we’re certainly have not yet committed to that. We have smaller residential facilities that may not be appropriate for an investment of this scale, et cetera. So I think the point -- I mean, I think that we will spend significantly less on behavioral EMR than we did on the acute care alone, I think, around $220 million, $230 million a number of years ago on the implementation of an acute care MR. I think we'll spend substantially less on behavioral and they'll be spread out over, I think, a five or six-year period. So, I don't think that the individual impact of the investment is going to have a significant impact. The other piece is we had an expectation that there are operating efficiencies that we'll gain and garner from the implementation. So a significant chunk of that investment should be offset with operating efficiencies.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hi everybody. I know you've gotten some good rate increases on the behavioral side the last year or so is -- I know a lot of states reset their rates midyear. I also know you've got ongoing discussions on the commercial side. Medicare, we can track that easier. But any update on thinking about where rates settle out back half of the year into next year for commercial and Medicaid in the behavioral side?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, A.J., I think our comments on rate increases and behavioral have been pretty consistent. They definitely -- historically, revenue per day in the behavioral division has generally increased sort of 2% or 3% a year, pretty consistently pre-pandemic. During the pandemic, we saw those numbers rise to something much closer to 5% to 6%. And then I think we've generally discussed that, and we think the main reason for that is we've been able to leverage the fact that there is capacity constraints in the industry as we've already talked about on this call because of labor capacity especially. And we've been going to our lowest payers and either demanding increases from them or canceling those contracts that we view to be inadequate and simply admitting patients whose insurance will pay us more, again, in an environment where we can only treat a limited number of patients, we can be more selective about who we treat and the fairness of what we think we're being paid. What we have said is we think that as we're able to admit more patients, our ability to leverage that diminishes a little bit and maybe that revenue per day increase that had been running 5% to 6% moderates more to 4% to 5%. We were again a little over 6% in the quarter, although that, I think, is a function not only of the rate increases we're getting but also of the mix of acute versus residential patients. as I mentioned before. But I think generally, our price -- the pricing environment in behavioral remains strong. We remain aggressive that we've terminated or issued notice of termination in a great many markets to a great many payers. We're pursuing this strategy pretty aggressively and feel like there's a runway to do so for the foreseeable future.
A.J. Rice: Okay. I know you talked about the new facility in Vegas and the trajectory there. But maybe stepping back, I know you've got concentrated portfolios in the acute side in Vegas and Southern California and D.C. and Southwest, Texas, any dispersion? Obviously, you had good overall volume growth. Was there much of a difference in the performance in those major geographic markets this quarter?
Steve Filton: So I think like most of our -- or several of our public peers, HVA antenna, I think most notably have commented in the last year or so that their facilities in Texas and Florida have been recovering at a more rapid rate than in other geographies. I think as those states have emerged from the pandemic more around the economies in those states have emerged on the pandemic more rapidly. I think honestly, that has been sort of a bit of a negative comparison for us. Again, over the last year or so because we've got less of a relative footprint in Texas and Florida and more in Nevada and California than our peers, but I think what we're seeing now is the recovery in those geographies is starting to pick up pace, et cetera. I think our performance in Nevada was particularly improved in the quarter. And obviously, that's always a significant piece of good news for us. I will say that to have the sort of acute care performance we had, in particular, the top line and EBITDA growth of 16% that's got to be pretty broad-based. It really can't be specific to one single market, and I don't think it was. But again, the encouraging, I think, element for us specifically was the improvement in our Nevada results in the quarter.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question, one moment. We have a question from Jamie Perse from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jamie Perse: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to go back to the other operating expenses within acute for a second. You spoke about some of the bankruptcies for vendors in the space. Are there specific sort of onetime disruption costs in the $590 million you realized this quarter? I'm just trying to understand where we're going from here, if that's the right new baseline, or if you can take cost out at some point? Just any more color on the near term and how to model that line item?
Steve Filton: Yeah. Look, I made the point earlier, Jamie, that we anticipated a significant increase in those physician subsidy expenses in our 2023 guidance. But in the first six months, they're tracking at twice the rate that we anticipated. But I also tried to make the point that I think we believe that these really dramatic increases are a function of this current disruption. We've got providers who are telling us one of two things. One, that they just can't continue. They've declared bankruptcy, and they can't continue to provide the contract services that we're contracted for, and we're having to replace them generally at a higher cost, whether we're contracting out to somebody else, or hiring these folks in. And again, there's these sort of transition costs that I think are largely onetime in nature. But I think we're going to continue to experience these for the next quarter or so I think we have a general view that by the time we get to 2024, However, this has settled out either -- and I'm not sure there's a single answer, but I think either a lot of these providers, these ER and anesthesiology physicians will be employed by hospitals and by us or they'll be employed by more local and regional providers who are more healthy financially, et cetera. But we're going to see a leveling off of this expense. I don't know that we're able to predict exactly how you should model that in the future. And again, I think in my mind, the positive view of this in the quarter is acute care EBITDA 16% higher than it was last year's Q2 despite the fact that we've got this significantly increased burden of physician expense. We feel like when that levels off next year, that's going to provide a boost to our earnings power.
Jamie Perse: Okay. And you and other hospitals have always talked about a strong margin profile on surgery. Just given the tailwinds that seem to be in the surgical space at this point, can you give us any color on how to think about profit margins in your surgical business or profit contribution on average from surgeries?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean I think if you think about if -- however, you want to find our long-term acute care margins in the upper teens, I'm going to call it 17%, something like that. But I think surgical margins tend to be probably five to 10 basis points above that and medical margins tend to be five to 10 basis points below that. Obviously, there's a lot of difference depending on the specific procedure, the length of stay, the demographics of the patient base, et cetera. But historically, surgical margins have been measurably higher than medical margins.
Jamie Perse: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Scott Fidel from Stephens.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. Good morning. A couple of recent developments or proposals on the policy side, I would be interested to get your initial thoughts on -- the first was the CMS proposal that came out around the intensive outpatient benefit for behavioral in Medicare. And then just yesterday, I know it just came out, so don't expect too detailed commentary, but the Biden administration did also just come out with an updated proposal really focused on health plans around mental health parity and sort of enforcing that around in-network for behavioral. So just interested on both those proposals, if you have any initial thoughts on potential risks and opportunities there?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So I'll tackle the parity one, which I know is the more recent one, Scott first. As you pointed out, I mean, I think the Biden administration announced yesterday that they were going to issue new rules on mental health parity, which they did this morning, and I appreciate your acknowledgment that we have not had a chance to review those. I think the broad context here is mental health parity legislation originally passed almost 15 years ago. But I think the industry has always been frustrated that the amount of adherence and an enforcement on the part of the government has never at least been as fulsome as the industry would have liked. And without reading the specific regulations or having a chance to read the specific regulations, I think the one positive that we take away is that the current administration seems focused on the fact that there needs to be better enforcement, there need – the mental health parity legislation originally was, I think, viewed very positively for the industry. And I do think it had a positive impact, but I think it should be more positive. And I think we would argue that there have been plans and payers that have sort of tried to dodge the – the intent of the legislation and we believe that any effort on the part of this administration to more aggressively enforce those parity laws is welcome. The intensive outpatient regulations, I'll sort of make repeat the same comments I was making just about United's commercial comments or commercial utilization comments before I think that any new developments that allow people or encourage people to get more access to in terms of outpatient or behavioral care in general are generally going to be positive for us. We have a lot of intensive outpatient offerings. But I think more than that, I think we had this complete continuum of care from very low acute outpatients or very high acute inpatient that the more people who are given access to care and behavioral diagnosis and assessment, I think that's generally good news for us. So I would say we view both of these developments as a positive. I think we view them consistent with I think general legislative and administrative sort of favorability to the behavioral business at both the federal and state level difficult to quantify the benefit for either of those in any sort of precise way.
Scott Fidel: Got it. And then just one quick follow-up. Just on the Medicare volume sort of normalization that we've been seeing. Anyway, can you sort of tease out just in the second quarter, how I guess that's sort of skewed between outpatient and inpatient? Obviously, we know that it's felt seem to be sort of heavily driven by outpatient. But I'm interested whether you saw a pickup in the inpatient side on the Medicare volumes as well. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, so we saw, as we said, adjusted admissions increased by almost 8% in the quarter. Some of that is certainly driven by the outpatient activity. But obviously, pure admission growth was also pretty strong. again, I just feel like what you're seeing is it is a bit skewed towards the lower acuity procedures. And again, not by a tremendous amount. I mean, we saw overall revenue per adjusted admission on the acute side increased by 2% or so in the quarter. I think normally, we would expect that number to be more in the 2% to 4% range. So it's kind of on the low end. But there's a little bit more of that skew to -- I think it's not so much -- I mean, it is clearly an inpatient and outpatient issue, but I think it's more of an issue of skewing more towards those elective and deferred procedures that were postponed whether they were in or outpatient during the pandemic and are now being realized in greater numbers.
Scott Fidel: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. First question, I wanted to ask about what you're seeing from the payers. I know you already got asked about pricing. But given Medicaid payers are heading into redeterminations, Medicare Advantage payers are talking about higher utilization. Steve, are you seeing any early kind of signs of increased medical management claims, denial, et cetera, the typical stuff that managed care will do when their costs are or might be a little bit higher?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So two things or two comments that you made, Justin. I mean, one is we're not seeing, I think, at least a measurable impact that we can identify from Medicaid redeterminations so far. I do think again, we -- Marc commented on the rationale for not raising the upper end of our guidance, he commented on the Nevada supplemental payment. I do think that's a big piece of it. But I think we also have a view that there may yet be an impact from Medicaid redeterminations in the back half of the year in both of the businesses that we have not yet seen. So we're paying very close attention to that, and that's a focus. But, yeah, I think your other comment is also well taken, and that is with a lot of the payers reporting an increase in their own medical life utilization, we have an expectation that we're going to see more aggressive behavior on their part to whatever it may be limit length to stay on the behavioral side or challenge more inpatient versus observation classification on the acute side. I can't say that, we can say definitively that we've seen that change in a measurable way just yet. I think it sometimes takes a quarter or two for that information to sort of play out. But I will tell you that we're very prepared for and very focused on it. I think in all sorts of ways, I think we're trying to change our contracts, so that these issues are more defined that are in upfront in the contract, but also in the way that we provide billing information and we go through the appeal process. So all those things are a significant focus of ours. But I think you are suggesting that managed care payers are likely to become more aggressive in their utilization review procedures is something we're very sensitive to and prepared for.
Justin Lake: I appreciate that. Maybe you can expand on your commentary around redeterminations. I know a lot of us are uncertain how this plays out. But one kind of line of thinking is that a bunch of people are going to be kicked off Medicaid, and a lot of them could end up on the exchanges or on private employer health plans, which pay a lot better, right, especially on the acute side, but even on the behavioral side. So how do you think about that vis-à-vis? Do you just think that is your concern that a lot of folks are going to be unfortunately removing the roles and not pick up other coverage. Is it your market specific to you, given your geographic exposure, or do you think that's just broad-based? And what drives that?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So I think that, we generally concur, as your question sort of alluded to with the sort of broad way that a number of analysts both, I'm going to say, dispassionate analysts like CMS and the Urban Institute, et cetera, when they looked at the potential impact of redeterminations and then the number of sell-side folks have done exhaustive studies. And I think they all conclude largely the way you framed your question that ultimately, there will be a sufficient number of people who are redetermined off the Medicaid roles but who can requalify on better paying commercial products, commercial exchange products that the net impact to positive one. I think our sort of skepticism or concern or caution is more short term or timing related in nature and that is as we go through the process and people get redetermined off, how quickly can they requalify for commercial products, et cetera. And again, I just don't think we've had enough time to really measure whether there could be sort of a short-term bump or a drain on this. But I think in the long run, we think we probably come out at least whole, if not somewhat ahead. The good news from my perspective is based on the redetermination data that I've seen while there have been a lot of people redetermined off, a lot of those redeterminations a good chunk of them are sort of more for administrative reasons. Their paperwork is not up to date. Their address is not up today, whatever it may be. And so it feels like those people will be able to get back on the Medicaid roles quickly. So, it feels like maybe the impact in the long run is not going to be as significant as we might have thought. But again, our point of view is maybe some short-term uncertainty over the long term, I don't think we think this is really going to be a net negative for providers.
Justin Lake: Got it. Thanks for all the color.
Steve Filton: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. I want to go back to, I guess, Marc's comments about both segments starting to transition to that post-pandemic world. Do you guys -- how are you thinking about what the company's two businesses look like in that world? Is it right to just assume that from a margin perspective, things look like 2018, 2019, is there reason to believe that margins might be higher or lower over time? And how do you think about that path and the timing of getting to whatever that normalization is?
Steve Filton: Yes, I think the answer, Kevin, is a little bit different for each of the segments. I think -- and I think we touched on this to some degree in the call today, but certainly in previous calls as well. I think on the behavioral side, our view is that margins during the pandemic, particularly were diminished or negatively impacted by the labor scarcity. And again, the argument goes that as we are able to hire more people, we'll be able to create and really not create but exhaust more of the unmet demand that's been out there. And I think our view on behavioral is not only should we be able to return to 2019 margins ultimately, but to return to sort of peak behavioral margins, we'd probably go back to 2014 or 2015. Now, just to be clear, when I say that, I mean, I don't think that's an immediate. I don't think that happens obviously in the next quarter or two. But I think it is this sort of gradual trajectory of relatively robust topline growth and relatively fixed and semi-fixed expenses that allow us to do that. I think on the acute side, it's a bit -- a little bit more of a mix story. There was certainly some benefit to the acute care business from the pandemic itself from the acuity of the COVID patients from the special reimbursement that we received related to COVID patients, et cetera. And so I think it's a little bit more challenging for the acute business to get back to those pre-pandemic margins because they've got to replace a lot of that, I'm going to say, COVID patient-related benefit. Now clearly, they've been doing that over the last few quarters. And again, this gets back to, I think, a question of how sustainable this higher level of acute care volume is going to be. But again, pretty much -- pretty similar. I think we certainly feel like we're 400, 500 basis points on the acute side, below where our pre-pandemic margins were, as Marc's comments in his prepared remarks where we got 60 basis points of that back in Q2. We view that as a first step, which we hope to sustain for many more quarters to get back there or get close to pre-pandemic margins.
Kevin Fischbeck: Yeah. So it sounds to me like to some degree in both cases, it's the volume number that's going to get you back to where you were. I guess the behavioral one makes sense, labor is a constraint you fix that. The Q1 though, it's still a little bit unclear to me. I understand the concept of pent-up demand, but when you just finally got above 2019 levels when historically, you've been growing volumes a couple of percent per year, kind of well below that long-term trend line. What is it that makes you cautious to say that you wouldn't get back to that long-term trend line? Are the population growth, demographics and fundamental demand drivers in your markets really unchanged? So why do you get concerned at this as a bolus rather than the new normal?
Steve Filton: Yes. And again, I'm not -- I don't think we've -- in any way, given up the hope that we can get back to acute care margins -- pre-pandemic acute care margins. I'm simply suggesting that I think the recovery or the path to recovery is a little more complicated on the acute side because there were some benefits from the pandemic that they just clearly were not on the behavioral side. The pandemic really had only negative consequences for our behavioral business. And therefore, I think recovery from the pandemic is sort of steeper and more robust and quicker, quite frankly, on the behavioral side than it is on the acute side. Look, I think what you're seeing is some pretty rapid recovery on the acute side. But again, it's being driven by what I think we would argue are probably some level of extraordinary volumes that will moderate some. But look, I think if you look at the acute care business model and earnings trajectory over an extended period of time with kind of mid-single-digit revenue growth in that 5% or 6% range we have generally been able to produce EBITDA growth, margin improvement, et cetera. And I don't think there's any reason we can't sustain that level of top line growth for the foreseeable future. I do think it may take us a little bit longer to get there than it will on the behavioral side.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. All right. So I think I got it, but just to make sure to it up, you're not saying that this year's volumes become a headwind to next year because there's some sort of unsustainable bolus. This is probably a good base, but we just shouldn't assume 7% volume growth, we should assume from here more normalized volume growth or are you saying that there could be a headwind next year from a comp perspective?
Steve Filton: Yes. Again, hard to know, Kevin, but we had 10% revenue growth, obviously, this quarter. Again, that's at a historically high level. I don't -- again, I think getting 2024 guidance at this point, but I don't know that we'll be able to sustain that level of revenue growth. Two things. I think the level of revenue growth probably moderates a little bit. I think the – the makeup of that revenue growth changes to somewhat less volume, some of more acuity in pricing. But I think, again, if that 10% revenue growth moderates to 6% or 7%, I still think that's a model in which we're likely to see increased EBITDA and margin expansion.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. We have a question from Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Stephen Baxter: Yes, hi, thanks. A follow-up on an earlier question. I wanted to see if you could expand a little bit more on the behavioral margins in the quarter. Usually pre-COVID margins increased sequentially in the second quarter. Obviously, you had a different experience this quarter with SWB and other OpEx as a percent of revenue up sequentially. Wondering what drove those increases? And how did margins internally compare to your expectations? And do you think we should see something closer to typical seasonality in the balance of the year? Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yes. And operator, I'm just going to make the point this is going to have to be our last question. So we had a few non-recurring items in the quarter. We had a loss on disposal of assets that were about $3 million. We had an unfavorable exchange rate, which was affecting us in the UK by a couple of million dollars. But just generally, I think we saw salaries increased a little bit more than we expected in the quarter. And this is a point I was making in to an earlier question. I mean I think generally, our ability to hire people and fill these vacant positions is a positive development. In the short run, it can be somewhat inefficient. We have a lot of people in orientation and training. A lot of these people that we're hiring are somewhat less experienced and less trained and particularly in behavioral care, then were used to historically. And that creates a little bit of inefficiency again, in the short run, I think in the long run, and that's why I'm suggesting to people not to focus so much on just the second quarter, but on the first six months of the year or the last four months -- of the last four quarters where we've really been emerging from the pandemic not being impacted by COVID, being able to hire people. And I think the -- broadly, the results there show that we're going to continue to grow the top line but also generate the efficiencies that we think generally come with that top line growth. And I think that's still fundamentally our belief. So I think that's the way we're looking at the business. Thanks for your question. And operator, I think we're going to have to stop at this point in time.
Operator: Okay. I'd like to turn it back to Steve Filton for any closing remarks.
Steve Filton: Yes, just to thank everybody for their time this morning, and we look forward to speaking with everybody again after our third quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Steve Filton, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Steve Filton: Thank you, and good morning. Marc Miller is joining us this morning. We welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the first Quarter ended March 31, 2023. During the conference call, we’ll be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We’d like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.28 for the first quarter of 2023. After adjusting for the impact of the items reflected on the supplemental schedule, as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $2.34 for the quarter ended March 31st, 2023. During the first quarter, our behavioral health hospitals produced strong results. The decline in COVID activity allowed our behavioral hospitals to continue to reduce their labor vacancies, resulting in a reduction of the capped bed capacity and a 4.7% year-over-year increase in adjusted patient days. Combined with a healthy 5% increase in net revenue per adjusted patient day, overall revenues grew by almost 10% over the prior year quarter. And with that level of revenue growth, same-store behavioral EBITDA margins increased from 20% to almost 23%.  Our acute hospitals experienced strong demand for their services with adjusted admissions increasing 10.5% year-over-year. For a variety of reasons, revenue growth was more muted at 3.5%. As a percentage of total admissions, COVID diagnosed patients made up 14% of our admissions in the first quarter of 2022, but only 4% of admissions in the first quarter of 2023. This decline in COVID patients resulted in reduced revenues due to the lower acuity and less of the incremental government reimbursement associated with COVID patients. The impact of the COVID support payments, including HRSA, Medicare sequestration, and the 20% Medicare add-on was a $42 million headwind in the first quarter compared to the same prior year period. There was also $15 million of out of period Texas TERP reimbursement recorded in Q1 of 2022 that did not recur in this year's quarter. While overall surgical volumes were robust, increasing a little over 10% from the prior year quarter, there was a continuing shift from inpatient to outpatient resulting in further overall revenue pressures. Meanwhile, the amount of premium pay in the quarter, which declined from a peak of $153 million in the first quarter of 2022 was $85 million in the first quarter, similar to what it was in the third and fourth quarters of 2022. The dramatic increase in volume is the major reason that premium pay has not declined further. It's worth noting that our average hourly rate, which includes premium pay, was 7% lower than it was in the first quarter of 2022. In total, the robust volume growth offset by lower revenue per adjusted admission resulted in flat same-store acute care EBITDA compared to last year's quarter. We also note that the first quarter acute non-same-store results included approximately $10 million of a headwind for the impact of the Desert Springs Hospital closure and approximately $5 million of losses related to startup facilities. Our cash generated from operating activities was $291 million during the first quarter of 2023 as compared to $445 million during the same quarter in 2022. The decline was largely due to an unfavorable change of $183 million in other working capital accounts, primarily due to the timing of disbursements for accrued compensation and accounts payable. In the first quarter of 2023, we spent $169 million on capital expenditures and acquired 650,000 of our own shares at a total cost of approximately $79 million. Since the inception of the current share repurchase program in 2014, we have repurchase more than 20% of the company's outstanding shares. As of March 31st, 2023, we had $875 million of aggregate available borrowing capacity pursuant to our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility. I'll now turn the call over to Marc Miller, President and CEO, for closing comments.
Marc Miller: Thanks Steve, and good morning. In our year-end conference call, we said we envisioned 2023 as the year of continued transition into a post-pandemic world. We anticipated that volumes in both segments and acuity in our acute business would continue their recovery trajectory and gradually begin to resemble the patterns we experienced before the pandemic. The comparison to last year's first quarter for our acute hospitals, which were experiencing the significant surge in COVID patients with the Omicron variant is particularly challenging, but many of those COVID related headwinds will become much less of a factor as the year progresses. We expect it to be able to reduce premium pay by about one-third in 2023 from 2022 levels, as we continue to increase hiring rates and reduce turnover. And while the decline in premium pay has leveled off for the time being, we continue to make progress on overall wage pressures. In our Acute segment, we highlighted the upward pressure of on physician expense, which tended to run at a rate of about 6% of revenues pre-pandemic, but is budgeted to run and actually is closer to 7.5% in 2023. Overall, we were pleased with our first quarter results, which were largely in line with our internal expectations, with our behavioral results somewhat ahead and our acute results slightly behind. We are pleased to answer questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Jason Cassorla with Citi. Please proceed.
Jason Cassorla: Great. I guess, first, wanted to ask about your acute volume trajectory. I guess, obviously, a solid starts a year, but curious if you believe this was broad-based underlying demand, or anything else beyond an easier comp? And I guess given performance in the quarter, how you're thinking about the sustainability of the momentum and volume growth for the remainder of 2023.
Steve Filton: Sure, Jason. Look, I think we've made the point for some time that we felt that as COVID volumes continue to decline and sort of continue at a kind of a lower, we'll call it endemic level, that the non-COVID volumes would begin to recover. I think that recovery quite frankly has been a bit slower than we anticipated. But clearly, taking into account what our public hospital, acute care hospital peers have said as well in the first quarter, I think there seems to be a broad-based recovery across the space. And I think our expectations is that we are going to begin to see acute care volumes track at their sort of pre-pandemic patterns with volume growth in the low to mid single digits and sort of pricing growth at a similar level. So, ultimately, and particularly I think once we get beyond the first quarter with that difficult COVID comparison, we'll begin to see an acute care business model that resembles something a lot closer to our pre-pandemic experience.
Jason Cassorla: Okay. Got it. Thanks. And just as a follow-up, I wanted to ask about the favorable behavioral revenue per patient day trend of 5% in the quarter. I guess any color on how we should think about the growth in that stat for the remainder of 2023, just given the improvements you're seeing on labor scarcity, better volume throughput than anything else. Any help there, that would be great. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. Again, so we've talked about this I think on a number of prior calls, I think prior to the pandemic revenue per adjusted day in the behavioral division tended to increase, so about 2% to 3% annually during the pandemic. I think, we've seen that number jump to 5% or 6% in a number of quarters. And we've attributed in many cases to a more aggressive stance on our part as we renegotiated contracts with some of our lowest payers, with the idea that in an environment of capacity constraint, an environment where we were turning patients away because of a lack of adequate staffing, it gave us more leverage to take a more aggressive stance with our payers. And again, I think you saw that in the 5% revenue per day -- per adjusted day increase in first quarter. Obviously, I think the sort of the crux of your question is as we continue to hire more people and those capacity constraints are eased some, does it change the dynamic with the payers? And I think the honest answer is to a degree, but I'll also say just broadly, I think across the space, the behavioral space, we have a view that demand across the space exceeds the supply of beds in many geographies and in many instances. And so, I think we're going to still have leverage with the payers in many of our geographies. If they want a place to have their patients treated, they're going to have to pay, at a minimum market rates to providers and to us. But we also did say, I think in -- when we talked about our 2023 guidance in our last call that we were projecting in our guidance that that revenue per day growth would moderate some. So, if we see some moderation, it is certainly something that's been anticipated in our guidance. But right now, it's a pretty strong environment in terms of our negotiations with payers.
Jason Cassorla: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. And it comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning. This is actually Marco on for Josh. I appreciate you taking the question. Based on your commentary, it appears that capacity is opening back up in the Behavioral segment, as staffing levels improve. And you also just spoke to demand outstripping supply in a number of geographies. So with that, do you think we're at a point now where we should expect more development on the behavioral side or even acquisitions of assets there? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I think it's a reasonable question. Obviously during the pandemic and during the significant capacity constraints we had and the issues we had in hiring sufficient clinicians, especially nurses to treat our patients, we did put on hold some of our development activities, building new capacity at existing facilities or building de novo facilities, although we certainly continued with some. But I think your question is right. I mean, we just had a meeting recently in which we reviewed a whole chunk of facilities that are running at an excess of 80% occupancy on the behavioral side to consider, I think the exact point of your question whether it merited study of building more capacity in those facilities. So, I think you're right, this is a bit of a compounding kind of dynamic. As we're able to hire more people and fill more of our permanent vacancies, I think we'll be able to treat more patients. And as we're able to treat more patients, we may need to increase capacity in some of our facilities in some of our de novo projects. So, I think that's certainly a possibility over the next several years.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks. And then just on the acute care side, I know you gave some detail on the contract labor trends in the quarter. But I was wondering your thoughts on whether rates are now back to levels where it makes sense to just continue utilizing temporary labor as means of increasing capacity. And do you think there'll be enough sustained demand on the acute side to support that? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, so, the traditional, I think, approach to temporary labor in the acute business for us, and I think largely for our peers always was that when there were temporary surges in volumes, which there often are, COVID activity aside, it always made sense to solve those sort of temporary demands on your staffing with the use of temporary and traveling nurses, et cetera.  What became really sort of a disrupting kind of factor during the COVID surges was that the price or the cost of that temporary labor rose to two and three, and I think sometimes four times what traditional rates have been. I think as we see those numbers come down, and we certainly have seen them come down quite a bit, although I don't think we're at pre-pandemic levels. I think we're going to get back to that sort of traditional approach that when we need temporary labor, we'll go to these outside agencies for it. But it'll be on a less frequent basis, et cetera. And I will say that there were times during the pandemic where the cost of temporary labor got so expensive that we just refused to use it if it got above a certain level. And again, I think we're largely past that point. And like many other things that I've referenced on the call, I think that as we progress in 2023 and we go beyond that, we're going to see that temporary labor supply/demand dynamic and pricing and inflationary dynamic return to much more of a pre-pandemic sort of level than what we have seen in the last few years.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. All right. And it comes from the line of Andrew Mok with UBS. Please proceed.
Andrew Mok: Thanks. Can you help us understand the sequential improvement in the acute business in the context of lower acuity trends seen in the fourth quarter? Did underlying acuity actually improve, or were volume so strong such that it masked some of the continued acuity headwinds that you're seeing? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, I think the sequential improvement reflects some of the normal seasonal patterns. I think, in any normal year, our first quarter is our busiest year on the acute side. And there's generally a pretty significant step up from the fourth quarter and some of the reduced activity during the holidays and the fourth quarter, et cetera. So, I think you did that. Absolutely, see some of that. I also think you just continue to see a return of normal patterns, patients who had delayed in deferred procedures during the pandemic, beginning to schedule those and at least get into the pipeline for some of those more elective and scheduled procedures, et cetera. So, I think you saw that dynamic. So, I think the acute care performance clearly, in my mind, was more favorable when you look at it from a sequential basis. When you looked at it from a year-over-year basis to the first quarter of last year when we had the Omicron surge, when we had the very high acuity, the comparisons that I think were much more challenging. You had the COVID reimbursement in the first quarter of last year. But to your point, the fourth quarter improvement over -- for the acute division was encouraging to us. And I think sort of reinforces our view that we've created an appropriate sort of guidance trajectory in 2023 with the acute care performance improving as the year goes on.
Andrew Mok: Got it. And related to that, hoping you can provide an update on the Las Vegas market with respect to the Desert Springs Hospital you closed down in the new Reno hospital. How's that tracking against expectations? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, so those are two very different dynamics. As I think we discussed in our last call, the Desert Springs dynamic, it's really related to the new hospital we're building in West Henderson, which is sort of between our existing Henderson hospital and our existing Desert Springs Hospital. As I think physicians and patients and employees, all came to the realization that ultimately West Henderson would be replacing Desert's function in the market. They began to make other decisions and move to other hospitals, very often our own hospitals elsewhere in the market. And so we made the decision to close Desert as an acute care hospital, but we still operate a freestanding emergency department on the site. As I mentioned in my -- in our prepared remarks that those shutdown costs and severance costs, et cetera, created about a $10 million headwind in the first quarter compared to last year. Essentially I think after that, as the year progresses, Desert Springs will have much less of an impact. And I think we're very much looking forward to the positive impact that West Henderson will have when it opens in either the spring or the middle of 2024. In Reno, our new hospital had a bit of a drag compared to last year. But certainly not at the level of 2022 when it was $7 million or $8 million drag per quarter on average. And we think, again, that will improve over the year. And as I think we indicated in our guidance, we're expecting about a $30 million favorable tailwind in 2023 from the Reno hospital. Broadly, I would just say, and I think this is consistent with what our peers have said, we've seen our Texas and Florida markets recover, and this is, I think particularly from an acute care perspective, recover from the pandemic dynamics faster than our other markets around the country, including in our case, Nevada and California. There's been a shift in population to places like Florida and Texas. I think those economies tended to recover more quickly from the shutdown. They didn't shutdown as completely or as quickly as some other markets around the country. So, again, I think our experience in those markets is consistent with what, at least a couple of our peers have talked about as well.
Andrew Mok: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. All right. And it comes from the line of Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. This is Nick on for Steve. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about how your Q1 results impact you’re thinking for full year guidance, particularly in light of some of the margin favorability you saw in behavioral in the quarter. Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, as is our practice, we didn't address guidance in our press release, which means that we're maintaining our existing guidance. I will say that -- and because we don't give quarterly guidance, I will say that our internal forecast for the quarter were somewhat ahead of the consensus estimates, although our actual results were ahead of both consensus and our internal forecast. In term -- I know that a couple of our peers raised their guidance in the first quarter. As you all know, I've been at UHS for more than three decades. I don't recall that we've ever changed our guidance after the first quarter, for better or for worse. Obviously, in this case it would've been for better had there been any change. But generally, we were pleased with the first quarter results. I think as Marc's comments on the call indicated, and -- but I will also make the point that unlike other years, the earnings trajectory that we're expecting in 2023 is that earnings will continue to improve as the year progresses. And so, we feel very comfortable with our full year earnings. We're very pleased with the first quarter results. But certainly it didn't feel from a either a -- sort of historical practice perspective or any other that, there was any need to change the guidance after the first quarter results.
Operator: Does I answer your question, sir?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: My pleasure. One moment for our next question, please. All right. And it comes from the line of Ann Hynes with Mizuho Group. Please proceed.
Ann Hynes: Hi. Good morning. Could you talk about nursing trends maybe in each segment? Which segment do you think is be covering faster than the other? And I know you said turnover improved, but can you give us some stats? Maybe what turnover was at the height of the pandemic? What it was before the pandemic, and what it's trailing now? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Sure, Ann. And so, I think turnover, particularly in nursing, across the U.S. pre-pandemic tended to average in the low 30% range. I think most of our hospitals tended to do a little bit better than that, but obviously nursing turnover is and has been a significant, I think, challenge for the hospital industry for many years. During the pandemic, I think those percentages often doubled and in some cases, maybe even tripled. Again, not just for UHS and not just for acute or behavioral, but I think for hospitals across the country, I think it was particularly challenging for sub-acute providers like behavioral hospitals or nursing homes or home health agencies or any long-term care businesses who were losing clinicians to these incredibly sort of high priced opportunities to make these really premium amounts in acute care, COVID settings during the pandemic. I think what we said all along was that as COVID volumes diminished and reduced to sort of the levels that we saw in Q1 of this year, that many nurses would sort of return to their original or if you will, their sort of home base occupations or work sites. And I think we've seen that. I think we've seen a sort of a faster and quicker benefit to that on the acute -- on the -- excuse me -- on the behavioral side, where we've been able to fill more of our permanent vacancies. And as a consequence, we've been able to admit more patients. And again, the -- that 10% same-store revenue growth that we saw in the first quarter, I think is a -- very concrete reflection of our progress that we're making. I think on the acute side, we're making progress. We've, obviously, reduced our premium pay by almost half from where it was a year ago. I think a number of our peers have quoted, we have tended to talk about the wage issues in acute care by quoting our premium pay numbers. And that includes both things like overtime and shift differential that we pay to our own employees as well as contract labor. But when you just isolate the contract labor numbers as a percentage of overall salaries and wages, I think we're in that 5% to 6% range, which I think is right where our peers are maybe even a little bit lower than that. So, we've clearly made progress on the acute care side as well. And I think that -- while it's -- the acute care recovery has been a little bit slower, I think it positions the acute care business well for the rest of the year as acuity returns, as surgical volumes improve, the fact that we've been able to reduce premium pay so much from a year ago bodes well for what we'll be able to accomplish in the upcoming quarters as well.
Ann Hynes: Great. And just on the inpatient side, inpatient trends, admissions improve sequentially, can you just describe what delta, like what do you think is coming back versus what was not in 2022?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I think it tends to be across the board. We have seen emergency room volume increase and that always has sort of a cascading impact on our admissions. We've seen our schedules in elective and surgical procedures increase. And I think the one dampening sort of impact of that is that -- which again I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is that even though overall surgical volumes are clearly increasing and even inpatient volumes are increasing on an absolute basis, there's definitely a shift to more procedures being done on an outpatient basis. I would highlight, I think, particularly, again, I don't think this is unique to UHS, but particularly in the orthopedic service line, we've seen a pretty dramatic shift in the last couple years from inpatient to outpatient procedures. But just broadly, I think we're seeing the volumes in almost all of our service lines improve.
Ann Hynes: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question, please. And it comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys. This is Austin on for Justin. I appreciate the question. Steve, sticking on that like scheduled elective mix that you just described. I know that was a little bit of a focal point in 2Q, 3Q and through back half of last year. You noted some improvement there, but wondering if you can kind of quantify where that's maybe tracking versus the pre-pandemic level? And is that shift to outpatient, maybe shifting that run rate going forward? Thanks.
Steve Filton: So, again, I mean, I think in my prepared remarks, I talked about year-over-year surgical growth, total surgical growth as around 10%, higher on the outpatient side, maybe 14% lower on the inpatient side, maybe 4% something like that. I think those -- that level of growth is reflective of some amount of catch up of deferred procedures, et cetera. I mean, that would be a pretty difficult pace to continue sort of indefinitely. But again, I mean, I think we've argued for some time now that as COVID volumes declined, there would be some kind of pent-up demand and surgical volumes at a minimum would return to their pre-pandemic levels. I think we're at a point right now where we we're recapturing some of the volume that we lost during the height of the pandemic. But it feels like absent another COVID surge, which nobody seems to be anticipating at the moment, there ought to be a relatively steady and sustainable growth in surgical volumes. Although, I suspect that they'll continue to be more skewed to outpatient rather than inpatient.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks. And then maybe just as a quick follow-up. Commercial contracting cycle kind of in focus, I'm just wondering if there's any update there and if you're still seeing some favorability on that front. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, I think, as we indicated and have indicated I think since -- probably the back half of 2022 when inflation began to have a clear impact on obviously our business, but on the rest of the world, we've been negotiating managed care increases that, I think, in general, are somewhere in a 150, 175 basis point range higher than what they were pre-pandemic. That will continue quite frankly for number of periods, as contracts come up for renewal. But yeah, I mean, I think, as we are renegotiating commercial contracts in particular, we're getting some relief. I think, we would still argue it's not necessarily full relief for the inflationary pressures we've been under. But it's certainly been helpful to our results. And more clearly on the behavioral side, you can see that number in our revenue per day. It's not as easy to see it on the acute side in our revenue per mission because you've got the sort of acuity factor working the other way. But again, I think, those comparisons are going to become a lot clearer as we get past the first quarter when the COVID comparisons to the prior year are going to be much more equal and not nearly as outta whack.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks for the color, guys.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. And it comes from Kevin Fishbeck with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Joanna Gajuk: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. This is Joanna Gajuk filling in for Kevin today. Thanks for taking the question. So, I guess, first just follow-up on the behavioral business. So, the volumes pretty strong there. We just talk about that acute, but any color there in terms of the regions or business lines, or is it kind of across the board, just kind additional color on the site volume strength?
Steve Filton: Not really, Joanne. I mean, again, this is a subject that we've discussed at great length in calls during the pandemic. We have argued throughout that the biggest constraint on our volume growth in behavioral was our staffing and the inability to hire a sufficient number of clinicians, which was mainly nurses, but also things like other professionals, like therapists and psychologists and psychiatrists even. But also even some non-professional folks, the mental health technicians who are a critical part of our patient care planning in our behavioral hospitals.  And what we continue to say is that as we -- as the COVID volumes declined, we'd be able to hire more people and fill more of those permanent vacancies. Our net hires have been increasing for well over a year now, pretty consistently. And I think you saw our behavioral volumes improve in the back half of 2022. Obviously, they continued to improve in the first quarter very robustly. But the early signs is those trends are continuing into Q2. I think we hit our highest behavioral census number within the last week that we've seen in a couple years. So, we're very bullish about our ability to again continue to fill those vacancies and increase our ability to treat more patients. But it's very much across the board. From a geography perspective, from a service line perspective, it's -- to be perfectly honest, that 10% same-store revenue growth really couldn't be anything, but pretty comprehensive because there's not a single geography or a single service line that could drive that level of improvement.
Joanna Gajuk: And would you say that with the strength, because you made -- it sound like things were talking better, but in segment by sounds like maybe margins. So, any change to kind your view for the year for this segment, or it's kind of in the ballpark?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, again, I'll just echo the comments made by Marc in his remark, now, we -- I think when we created our 2023 guidance, we envisioned that 2023 would be a year of transition out of sort of the pandemic environment and into a post-pandemic world in which we'd have much greater success in -- filling our labor vacancies. There wouldn't be as much labor supply/demand disruption. Certainly that's the way the first quarter played out, particularly very strongly on the behavioral side. That's the way our guidance plays out for the year. We're feeling very good about how the year has started out, and anticipate that most of these trends will continue as the year goes on.
Joanna Gajuk: Great. Thank you. And the last question on Behavioral segment. When it comes to the redeterminations, so states are starting this process now, many of them delaying it, but I guess, we've been talking about this quite a bit. So, can you talk about how you think this will play out for behavioral business specifically? Do you assume anything in your guidance? Or is it more 2024, if at all? And then also, I guess, any comments on how this could impact the acute care business? Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, look, I think the truth, Joanne, is that nobody really has a very sort of clear and precise view of how redeterminations are going to affect, and by the way, either the behavioral or the acute business, as your question indicates, it depends a lot on the pace at which the states go through the redetermination process. And that's not clear. It certainly depends on the pace at which folks who lose their Medicaid coverage can qualify for commercial exchange products. Number one, how quickly they can do so. Number two, what percentage of them can do so. So, there've been all sorts of guesstimate by all sorts of people about how this will play out. Some of them are quite frankly, substantively very positive for the hospital industry. Some are somewhat negative. I think broadly what we did in our 2023 guidance is, think about redeterminations as being sort of modestly negative for both segments. But to be fair, that was largely a guesstimate, but I think that has been included in our pricing assumptions for 2023. So, we'll see how it plays out. We're certainly ready from an operational perspective at our hospitals to do everything that we can do to make sure that patients who lose their Medicaid coverage, do everything possible to requalify for commercial exchanges or any other coverage that might be available in a particular market. So, we're prepared at that sort of ground level to deal with redeterminations, but I think that's something that we as an industry are going to have to wait and see how that develops and plays out over the next couple of quarters.
Joanna Gajuk: Thank you for this color. I appreciate.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. All right. And it comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Please proceed.
Steven Valiquette: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Not to get too granular on labor, but our monthly labor tracker showed the company had better momentum later in the quarter in February and March, especially on filling nurse job vacancies in both segments. So, I would think that would also bode well for volumes in the second quarter. So, I'm not asking you to comment on monthly trends, obviously, but just curious if you're able just to comment on the momentum for the company exiting the quarter on the labor front, and whether that also to give a positive bias for volume trends in the second quarter as well. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. Look, just broadly, Steve, I would say, we concur with the idea that things improve broadly, both from a labor perspective, volume perspective as the quarter went on. And again, as I think I've noted a number of times in my comments on the call already, that's the way our 2023 guidance is built. I think traditional seasonality would not suggest necessarily that things would continue to get better historically from the first quarter forward. But we thought 2023 trajectory would be different. And it seems to be playing out that way. It played out that way in Q1 and certainly early in Q2 that that seems to be the trend. So, we're encouraged by that, that the assumptions that we made in our 2023 guidance seem to be at least early in the year playing out in the way that we expected.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: One moment for our next question, please. All right. And it comes from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Pito Chickering: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. A follow up to both Ann and Joanna’s question here. Can you combined both the new hires and the turnover to quantify with a net hires was specifically in behavioral now compared in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter? And then how many behavioral beds are you still unable to staff at this point if any, and kind of how does that track throughout the year?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, Pito, I don't have the net hire detail in front of me. What I do know, and what, again, I've said I think on a number of occasions is our net hires on the behavioral side in particular have been positive, definitely since the end of the first quarter of last year. And I think that's been pretty consistent and probably accelerating as time has progressed. And again, I think that's pretty consistent with our expectations. And I think we expect it will continue to be the case.  How many beds we have capped, et cetera. It's kind of an interesting thing. We don't really give that number in a precise way because it really sort of varies the way each facility thinks about it. I think they generally sort of describe a bed or a unit as kind of capture closed if it has traditionally been open, but has to be temporarily closed because of a lack of sufficient staffing. I will say this, I mean, we continue to -- and that again, we've made this comment before, this is not anything terribly new. We continue to turn away significant numbers of patients, because there's either not an available bed or not an available staff member, staff members to treat that patient. So, we continue to believe that as we make progress and continue to hire people in the behavioral space, that the demand will be there. It's not like we're hiring people to chase demand. We believe that we're hiring people to meet the demand that's already out there and has been demonstrated to us through the incoming inbound inquiry process whether that's people calling our 800 numbers or people inquiring about treatment online. As we measure that incoming call volume, there's still a significant amount of unmet demand that we believe -- as we addressed earlier the call, we can meet through potentially expanding bed capacity, but also through continuing to expand our net hires.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Great. And then a follow-up question here. As you think about sort of margin expansion in behavioral, so over the next sort of 12 to 24 months, how much is this coming from sort of getting those beds filled up and sort of getting the fixed costs leveraged there? How much is it coming from the spread of pricing running in the mid single digits versus wage inflation running in the sort of 3% range?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm not sure I fully understand the question. I mean, obviously, if you look at our 10% revenue growth in the first quarter was split pretty evenly between price and volume. Honestly, I think there's more upside on the volume side as kind of I think responded to an earlier question. I think we may see that price or revenue per adjusted day moderate a little bit as the year goes on, and some of the capacity constraints are eased. But I think the volume growth for the foreseeable future, I think you pegged the timeframe as 12 or 24 months should continue. And quite frankly, not really inconsistent with what our volume growth patterns were in behavioral pre-pandemic. Obviously, those volume patterns were significantly muted during the pandemic because of the labor supply and demand disruption that we saw. But as we continue over the next couple of years, I think that we're very confident that that volume growth in the mid single digits is a very sustainable sort of number.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Great. Thanks so much, guys. Nice quarter.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. [Operator Instructions] And our question comes from Jamie Perse with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jamie Perse: Hey, thank you. Good morning. So, Steve, you previously guided to about 1% to 2% revenue per adjusted admission in 2023. You also said that was kind of one of the more aggressive assumptions in your thinking for 2023. So, getting through the tough 1Q comp, and I'm just curious how revenue per adjusted admission played out versus your expectations and how to think about that metric for the rest of the year for the Acute segment?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, again, I mean, I think our comments were straightforward in saying that our acute performance in the first quarter was slightly below our own expectations. And I think it was mostly on the pricing side, because obviously it was hard not to be pleased with the volumes in the quarter. And I think our expense control was pretty strong. So, now again, I think as we said that first quarter comparison we know was always going to be difficult for -- on a pricing basis for the acute business because of that acuity drop. I think we'll get a better view of this as the year progresses because the -- again, the COVID comparison is not going to be nearly as important and we'll get to see what the -- I'll call it sort of true pricing dynamic looks like, what the inpatient to outpatient shift means, et cetera. Again, I think, we were sort of slightly behind expectations in Q1, but certainly don't -- in any way feel like that doesn't mean we can't get to our full year expectations on the acute side.
Jamie Perse: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, just on contracting tactics with commercial payers. You previously mentioned there were some contracts where you're potentially willing to walk away if payers didn't kind of meet you halfway. I'm curious how some of those types of negotiations have played out since. Are payers becoming more receptive to meeting providers at better rates? Have you actually walked away from contracts? Just any update there on the behavioral side in particular.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, again, I mean, to I think a large degree the proof is in the pudding, we had 5% revenue per adjusted day growth in our behavioral revenue in the quarter. That certainly is well above historical averages, which I think tended to be in the maybe 2%, 2.5% range, more like what we have been seeing during the pandemic. Again, because I think that with capacity constraints and with our large market share in many of our geographies, with payers are unwilling to kind of in your terms, meet us halfway, pay a reasonable rate and essentially go out of network with us, I think their choices and their options to have their patients treated in other settings in -- at least in some geographies is severely limited. So, I think we've been pretty successful. Again, at the end of the day that revenue per adjusted day, I think, is the evidence of that. And it plays out. You sort of are asking how it plays out. A lot of times we will give notice of termination and the contract never terminates and we will reach a negotiated settlement on rates. Other times, we will actually walk away and the contract will terminate. And sometimes that's a permanent thing and sometimes the payer comes back and even after the termination we'll settle. So, it doesn't play out the same way every time. But again, my sense is broadly in the behavioral space, there's not a lot of excess capacity around the country and payers, while they certainly are always going to be aggressive, are going to, I think, find themselves having to be reasonable if they really want to make sure that there is a place for their subscribers to be adequately treated. And so, I think, on the behavioral side that strong leverage position is going to continue with us for some time.
Marc Miller: And I just want to piggyback on this point, because we have just decided a little bit more forcefully now that, that we're just going to push this issue. We need to be paid fairly for the work that we're doing. Our expenses are up, and some of the payers don't meet us halfway all the time. And we've been clearly explaining to them that that's not going to be adequate going forward. But in addition to that, we're having a lot of different discussions with payers, I'd say in the last six to 12 months, that we've not had before. And it goes to a lot of what Steve is saying, their needs are growing on the behavioral side, we are the largest provider in the United States, in behavioral. So, the leverage is shifting a little bit. And we're trying to work with them to show them how it is more conducive for them to pay us a little bit more, but have their patients serviced in a much better way than to try and continue to nickel and dine and ultimately, that's not going to satisfy their needs. So, those discussions are, I would say, escalating. And they're different discussions and I think that we're going to have more positive results from the types of conversations that we're having now.
Jamie Perse: Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference back to Steve Filton for closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Steve Filton: Okay. Thank you. We'd like to thank everybody for their time this morning and look forward to speaking again next quarter.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-28 09:00:00) =====
Steve Filton: I’m Steve Filton. Marc Miller is joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the Fourth Quarter Ended December 31, 2022. During the conference call, we’ll be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We’d like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.43 for the fourth quarter of 2022. After adjusting for the impact of the items reflected on the supplemental schedule, as included with the press release, primarily an asset impairment charge associated with an acute care hospital in Las Vegas, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $3.02 for the quarter ended December 31, 2022.
Marc Miller: During the fourth quarter, our acute care hospitals experienced a decrease in the number of patients with a COVID diagnosis treated in our hospitals as compared to the prior year quarter. As a percentage of total admissions, COVID diagnosed patients made up 7% of our admissions in the fourth quarter of 2021, but only about half of that percentage of admissions in the fourth quarter of 2022. This decline in COVID patients resulted in reduced revenues due to the lower acuity and less of the incremental government reimbursement associated with COVID patients. While overall surgical volumes tended to recover to pre-pandemic levels, there was a measurable shift from inpatient to outpatient, resulting in further overall revenue softness. Meanwhile, the amount of premium pay in the quarter, which declined from a peak of $153 million in the first quarter was $85 million in the fourth quarter, similar to what it was in the third quarter. In total, there was insufficient revenue growth to offset the accelerated rate of wage increases and other inflationary pressures, leading to an acute EBITDA result in the quarter below our internal forecasts. At the same time, this decline in COVID activity allowed our behavioral hospitals to continue to reduce their labor vacancies, resulting in a reduction of the capping of bed capacity. The effect of the increased revenue largely offset higher labor costs, leading to a behavioral EBITDA result in the quarter more in line with our internal forecasts.
Steve Filton: We also note that the fourth quarter included approximately $10 million of losses related to start-up facilities. Our cash generated from operating activities was $297 million during the fourth quarter of 2022 as compared to $322 million during the same quarter in 2021. The decline was largely due to the opening of new facilities and the timing of receipt of certain supplemental reimbursements. We spent $734 million on capital expenditures during 2022. Reaction to the earnings softness experienced during the year, we reduced the pace of our capital expenditure spend by about one quarter from our original plans for the year. Similarly, we moderated the trajectory of our share repurchases. For the full year of 2022, we acquired $811 million of our own shares pursuant to our share repurchase program. Since the inception of the current share repurchase program in 2014, we have repurchased more than 20% of the company’s outstanding shares. As of December 31, 2022, we had $886 million of aggregate available borrowing capacity pursuant to our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility.
Marc Miller: Our 2023 operating results forecast, which was provided in last night’s release, Envision’s 2023 as a year of continued transition into a post-pandemic world. We anticipate that volumes in both segments and acuity in our acute business will continue their recovery trajectory and gradually begin to resemble the patterns we experienced before the pandemic. Similarly, we expect to be able to reduce premium pay by about one-third in 2023 from 2022 levels as we continue to increase hiring rates and reduce turnover as a result of multiple recruitment and retention programs that have been implemented over the last few years. Again, we’ve assumed these improvements will occur incrementally during the year. But will be partially offset by wage pressures created by a continued shortage of nurses and other clinical personnel and by broader inflationary pressures affecting our other expenses. We note that in our Acute segment, physician subsidy expense is specifically anticipated to increase by a substantial amount. Other headwinds that are reflected in our 2023 forecast are approximately $100 million in COVID-related reimbursement received in 2022, but phased out in 2023 as well as a reduction of about $30 million in supplemental reimbursement payments as disclosed in our 10-K. Finally, we will incur a significant increase in interest expense in 2023. About three quarters of which was due to rising interest rates and the remainder to increased borrowings. Despite these challenges, we note that some of the operating indicators in early 2023 have been encouraging, especially in our behavioral health business. During the pandemic, we have found the pace of recovery from several of the aforementioned challenges has often been slower than we originally anticipated and have reflected that gradual cadence of recovery in our forecast. However, we remain confident in the fundamental strength of both our business segments, given our well-positioned hospital franchises around the country. We are pleased to answer questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first call comes from the line of Andrew Mok with UBS. Your line is now open.
Andrew Mok: Hi good morning. You mentioned softer revenue in the Acute segment due to lower acuity. Can you elaborate on the trends in surgical volumes and underlying acuity that you saw in the fourth quarter? And what do you have embedded in the guide for 2023? Or when do you expect that to normalize? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, Andrew. So, I think as Marc remarked in his commentary, and you can see in our press release metrics, revenue per adjusted admission was actually down for the quarter. I think attributable to a few factors. One is the decline in COVID patients, those COVID patients, particularly last year, particularly the Omicron patients tended to be higher acuity patients and the loss of those patients and the loss of their good reimbursement reduces our acuity in our revenue. In addition to that, Marc talked about the shift, the accelerated shift from inpatient to outpatient. Our surgical volumes in Q4 actually, we’re probably 3% or 4% above what they were in Q4 of 2019, the last pre-pandemic quarter, full pre-pandemic quarter, but clearly, there’s been an accelerated shift. I think that outpatient procedures are probably up 7% or 8% and inpatient procedures are sort of flattish. So, I think those are the main drivers of the acuity softness in Q4. As far as what we have built into the guidance for next year, I think, again, as Marc sort of comments reflected, I think we’re projecting a gradual sort of return to normalcy. So for the year, I think our general notion is that acute care revenue per adjusted admission should increase probably in that 2% to 4% range, which would be much closer to sort of the historical norms.
Operator: Our next call comes from the line of Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo.
Stephen Baxter: [Indiscernible] least directionally by segment. Appreciating the color you gave on some of the onetime items in the acute care business. It sounds like that’s likely the source of maybe some of the year-on-year pressure there, but it’d be great if you could elaborate a little bit on what you’re expecting for year-over-year margin trends in both the acute and the behavioral business? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, Steve, I think we missed the beginning part of your question somehow. So if you wouldn’t mind repeating it, I apologize.
Stephen Baxter: Yes. Sorry about that. So yes, the additional color on EBITDA growth and top-line growth by segment would be great. Just trying to understand a little bit when we look at the year-over-year margin pressure, where that’s coming from? It sounds like with some of the items you flagged on the acute side, it looks like that’s probably it, but just a better sense on the direction of margin trends in both businesses. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So, I think on the acute side, there are specific headwinds, again, most of which I think Marc elaborate on, one – and probably the biggest one is $100 million of COVID-related reimbursement that includes the Medicare 20% add-on, the Hertz [ph] reimbursement and Medicare sequestration waver all of which get phased out at one point or another already phased out in 2023. I’ll throw into that, although not COVID related, another $10 million or so of 340B reimbursement that’s going to get recouped in 2023. In addition to that, there’s – Marc noted about $30 million of supplemental Medicaid reimbursement that declines next year. That’s about $20 million in the behavioral business and $10 million in the acute business. I think the other main issue is that even though, again, as Marc commented, we’re expecting premium pay to decline another one-third, maybe another $150 million, $160 million in 2023, what our experience has been is that the savings from that, and there certainly are some savings, but the savings from that are offset to a large degree by increased base wages, recruitment incentives, sign-on bonuses, that sort of thing. I think what our guidance, particularly in the acute business implies or assumes is that all those trends sort of incrementally improve as the year goes on. But those are the headwinds, I think, specifically on the acute side of the business that mainly sort of tend to suppress the margins. And on the behavioral side, it’s really more on the labor side. I mean I think we’re at in both businesses is that at the moment, even though revenues are recovering, particularly on the behavioral side, salary expense or wage expenses still outpacing the growth in revenues. I think we believe that by the second half of 2023, that begins to sort of stabilize and we start to sort of get to a more normalized historical pattern of revenue growth exceeding salary growth. But in the first half of the year, that’s not the case. And again, I think that’s probably the main driver of the margin pressure next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Cassorla with Citi. Jason?
Jason Cassorla: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask about the move to wind down in patient operations at your Desert Springs Hospital. Maybe just can you unpack that a bit more in the decision there? What the EBITDA lift could be on the go forward? And then anything else to note from a competitive perspective as we think about your Las Vegas market broadly? Thanks.
Marc Miller: Yes, sure. I can answer that, for you. So, we obviously – that’s a very important market for us. We’ve been looking at the whole market – the market as a whole for many years. We continue to try to build where we can at current properties as well as some of our de novo projects. We have a new project that’s going in that is really – we’re looking at it as a replacement hospital for Desert Springs. Originally, we had hoped to keep Desert Springs operating longer into the future and closer to our opening date, if not all the way up to our opening date for our new West Henderson Hospital. But the market dynamics caused us to have to accelerate the plan there. So what we’ve done basically is, we’re moving that hospital to a glorified emergency services facility and we’ll continue to run those services even after we have our new hospital in West Hendersonville, and we’re really transferring just about all of those employees to other valley system facilities. So, we’re – it’s been misreported that we’re laying off a lot of employees. In fact, we’re really not. And like I said, just about every one of those employees is finding a home in another one of our hospitals, which has helped alleviate some of the staffing pressures that we’ve had. So that’s really the situation. I don’t know the timing on the numbers. West Henderson won’t be open for about another year and a half, I want to say middle to late 2024?
Steve Filton: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. A.J.?
A.J. Rice: Hi everybody. Thanks. Maybe just two items. And when I think about your outlook, I think you mentioned that you’re assuming an uptick in physician subsidy expense. I wondered what’s happening there? I know in the back half of the year, your other operating expense in 2022 seemed to step up. Are you just assuming that continues? Or is there something else going on there and chances to mitigate? And then any update on your capital deployment thoughts? I know you probably got some share repurchase in the 2023 outlook. Can you just comment on that? And anything else that you’re thinking about from a capital standpoint?
Steve Filton: Sure, A.J. Yes, so physician subsidy expense, I think, has been kind of an emerging challenge for most of the acute hospital industry, I would say, for at least the back half of 2022, and I think most acknowledge it will continue into next year. So that’s – when we talk about that, we’re really talking about the generally, the contract service expense we pay to physicians who are providing services in our emergency rooms, anesthesiologists, radiologists, those are probably the major groups. And you’re right, we have seen some increase in those expenses this year. I think we continue to assume that 2023 will probably result in another 15% to 20% increase in those expenses and the magnitude of that is probably a $45 million, $50 million increase in costs. Now I think long term, we have a number of strategies to deal with that cost pressure, including in-sourcing some of that activity to the degree that we can and competitively bidding contracts, et cetera. I think at the moment, we’re caught in a tough situation because it’s difficult to change those arrangements in the short term. But in the long term, I think a lot of those pressures are a result of some of the internal struggles that some of those larger staffing – physician staffing companies are having. And I think as those work their way out and the market adjusts, we will see some easing of that in future years. But we’ve assumed, as Marc said, a substantial increase in 2023. As far as capital deployment goes, we’ve got embedded in the budget about $600 million of share repurchase assumed. And we’ve also got about $800 million of capital expense or capital expenditures assumed in the budget as we’ve disclosed in the press release.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Steven?
Steven Valiquette: [Technical Difficulty]
Steve Filton: Steve, can I interrupt? You’re breaking up. So unless we can get a better connection, I can’t hear your question. I apologize.
Operator: Would you please restate your question? Steven.
Steven Valiquette: Not sure it’s better or not.
Steve Filton: Yes, that’s better. Thank you.
Operator: Please, go ahead.
Steven Valiquette: Sure. I apologize [Technical Difficulty].
Steve Filton: Steve, I apologize. You’re breaking up again. Maybe you can try to call back with – on a different line.
Operator: Yes, Steven, you can reenter in the queue. [Operator Instructions] We’ll go to our next questioner who is Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Can you hear me okay?
Steve Filton: Yes, we can.
Justin Lake: Good, thanks. So Steve, I was hoping – it sounds like there’s a very different trajectory between the acute business, given the headwinds there in the behavioral business, which seems to be acting better. So within the full year guidance, can you give us a little color on the growth we should expect year-over-year broken down between the acute business, the behavioral business and then maybe even the kind of corporate segment would be helpful as well.  And then, Marc, maybe you could give us a little more color on what you’re seeing on the shift from inpatient to outpatient and what’s driving that? How big an impact is it having? And how are you thinking about it into 2023? Thanks. 
Steve Filton: Yes. So looking at the two segments discretely, I think as we’ve suggested a number of times in the past, we thought that as COVID volumes declined, the recovery in the behavioral business would be more accelerated than in the acute in large part because there was never any benefit to increased COVID volume in the behavioral business. We didn’t get paid anymore for patients. And quite frankly, it created more staffing challenges. It created more sort of patient matching challenges, that sort of thing. So what I think you saw in the fourth quarter, and I think a continuation, quite frankly, what we saw in the third quarter, was, as COVID volumes declined, I think Marc commented on this at the outset of the call, we’ve been able to more successfully fill our nursing and other clinical vacancies and as a consequence of being able to incrementally improve our volumes, particularly as measured by patient days. And that continues into next year. With the challenges I indicated, I think, in the earlier call is the price we’ve had to pay to fill those vacancies is higher base wages and some incentive payments and that sort of thing, which I think suppresses margins certainly at the beginning of the year, although hopefully, they improve as the year progresses. But probably, at the end of the day, the 2023 forecast assumes slightly increased margins in the behavioral business.  The acute business, a little bit different as we talked about, they have to replace the benefit of the COVID volumes that they had. They’ve got to deal with the headwinds that we were specific about as such. So at the end of the day, I think that acute care EBITDA and is relatively flat in 2023, which means margins are down slightly. We have some increase in corporate costs, things like our equity, stock equity compensation or incentive compensation because we’re assuming that we’ll meet targets more fully in 2023 than we did in 2022, so that sort of thing. So I think slightly increasing margins on the behavioral side, slightly declining on the acute side and some kind of disparate sort of cost increases on the corporate side to get to the full budget guidance that we provided. 
Marc Miller: And with regards to your question on inpatient versus outpatient, I mean, I think we’re seeing what many are seeing, which is a continued shift to outpatient that has been accelerated through the pandemic we’re trying to continue to do a lot of the things that we’ve been doing in the last few years, which is to ensure that we have the proper paste load in our inpatient surgical areas especially with the increases in costs for staffing those areas, we want to make sure that we have the proper acuity. We’re not doing low-level cases, really outpatient cases in an inpatient setting where we can’t cover the cost properly. So our shift, I think, is pretty similar to a lot of others. We are also trying to accelerate our development of surgical centers so that we have more opportunities and more platforms for all of our surgery cases in as many markets as possible. So we continue to develop those as we find opportunities to do so. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next call comes from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. 
Pito Chickering: Behavioral – can you hear me?
Operator: Yes. 
Steve Filton: Yes, we can hear you now. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. There we go. On behavioral, how many beds left that you can’t staff? And how do you think that ramps or during 2023? And as staffing and behavior becomes easier post-COVID, I’m wondering what areas of health care were the biggest source of those hires? And then finally, as you can start staffing again, do you increase your CapEx for behavioral beds to keep driving growth there over the next few years?
Steve Filton: Yes. So Pito, it’s – I’ll give you a number. I mean, I think we’re down to a few hundred beds in behavioral that we would consider capped on most days. Now to be fair, that number can change literally day-to-day, et cetera. So we do still feel like the patients are turned away in certain situations because we don’t have appropriate staffing a lot of times that may be specific to, let’s say, weekend or overnight staffing it really does differ by facility. But you’re right. I mean that’s probably been the single biggest headwind for the behavioral business during the pandemic in large part because we were losing employees, mostly nurses, but other clinical personnel, therapists, psychologists, et cetera to other settings where either they have the opportunity to work remotely or they had the opportunity to work in an acute care setting, making sort of premium dollars. As those opportunities have declined and I think telemedicine procedures have intended to decline as the pandemic has eased and certainly, the demand from acute care hospitals for COVID treating nurses, I think, has declined as well. We’re seeing more of those nurses return to what I would describe as the behavioral fold. To your sort of last question, yes, I mean, obviously, we’ve been more tempered, if you will, about behavioral capacity addition during the pandemic because the thought was what’s the point of adding additional capacity if we’re not going to be able to staff it. But as those staffing pressures continue to ease, I think we’ve made the point throughout the pandemic that we think that the underlying demand for behavioral services across the full continuum is quite strong and robust, and we still believe that. And so yes, we are certainly looking and trying to gauge in individual markets where additional capacity may be called for because the demand is there and because we feel like we can adequately staff any additional capacity that we’ve built. 
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next call will come from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Kevin, please wait until you hear your name announced. Kevin?
Kevin Fischbeck: Hey, so I guess on the call last quarter, you mentioned that I think that there’s a tailwind this year from start-up losses year-over-year. Can you just remind us kind of how we should be thinking about that? And then you kind of in your opening remarks mentioned that this year is kind of still a normalization off of COVID. I mean do you feel like 2023 is now going to be a solid base off of which we should be expecting normal growth in acute and psycho. Do you feel like because of the way you’re assuming progression through the year on these dynamics that even 2024 could see some year-over-year SKU comparisons? Thanks. 
Steve Filton: Yes. So as far as your first question on start-up losses, Kevin, we mentioned in – or I mentioned in today’s call that we had $10 million in the quarter, I think we had said at the in our third quarter call that we had $45 million of year-to-date start-up losses. So $55 million for the year. The biggest chunk of that is our acute care hospital that we opened early in 2022 in Reno, that’s probably a $30 million, $35 million swing from 2022 to 2023, a positive swing.  The other $15 million, $20 million of losses are a handful, maybe three or four behavioral openings in the year, maybe four or five, and we probably have a similar number of openings next year. I think we believe we’ll do a little bit better in emerging from the pandemic and getting these things ramping up faster. But I wouldn’t necessarily describe that as a material tailwind. So I think we’ve got about a $30 million, $35 million tailwind in the budget for our turnaround in our Reno hospital.  As far as just sort of how we think about 2023, is it sort of kind of a clean post-pandemic year, Marc made comments in his opening remarks about the idea that, number one, I think we view 2023 as a transition year, and we do so because I think one of the lessons that we’ve learned during the pandemic is that even as COVID volumes decline, there is this sort of transition period as nurses returned to their regular jobs and physicians return to their regular practices and patients return to their regular utilization practices, et cetera. So I think we think about that occurring gradually over the course of 2023. I would say probably the back half of 2023 looks a lot more like maybe the back half of 2019, the last sort of COVID-free half a year that we’ve experienced. And then in 2024, I would imagine, unless there is some unforeseen development begins to look like a really true post pandemic year. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next call comes from the line of Jamie Perse with Goldman Sachs. Jamie, please stand by. Jamie?
Jamie Perse: Hey, good morning. Can you guys hear me okay?
Operator: Yes. 
Steve Filton: We can. 
Jamie Perse: Okay. Great. First, just a quick numbers question. Can you provide the revenue base for the insurance subsidiary and what the margin looks like on that? And then my longer-term question is just for in this structurally higher wage inflation environment for nurses, given the tightness in that market, what can you do over the medium term to just get more efficient? What does that mean for care team design or investment in labor-saving technologies? Just anything you’re doing to become more efficient on the labor front?
Steve Filton: Yes. So in answer to your question about our insurance subsidiary in the Acute segment, it has roughly or will have in 2023, about $400 million of premium revenue and we’ll run as we sort of discussed in the past, kind of a modest margin in the low single digits. The real motivation in operating that insurance subsidiary is to create sort of a full continuum of care in our acute care markets, greater integration with our physicians, et cetera, it’s not really designed to be terribly profitable on its own.  As far as your second question about recruitment retention, look, there’s a lot of things, and we could have a whole separate hour-long call. And Marc, I think, alluded to multiple recruitment and retention initiatives that we’ve implemented during the pandemic. But I think you specifically asked about sort of patient care treatment sort of treatment structures and whatnot. And we’ve tried to in both of our businesses create staffing infrastructures that are not so reliant on registered nurses because those have been the most difficult positions to recruit to during the pandemic. So we’re becoming more reliant on things like LPNs and LVNs and mental health techs in the behavioral business and EMTs and that sort of thing in our emergency rooms, all those kinds of things. So we certainly have been working to really improve the recruitment and retention of the nursing population itself, but also trying to reduce our reliance, particularly on registered nurses who have been the most difficult to recruit. 
Marc Miller: But I’ll just add, there are a number of technological solutions that are being bandied about on both sides, both segments. And we continue to evaluate a lot of those as some of our peers do as well. I do think in the coming years, there will be some that we go forward with. I’m not sure that there – any of them are going to be a real panacea, but I do think that they can be helpful depending on cost to alleviate some of the staffing issues that we’ve had over the past few years going forward. So we are excited about the possibility of some of those adding to the mix in the coming years. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next call will come from the line of Ben Hendrix, RBC Capital Markets. Please standby. Ben?
Ben Hendrix: Yes, thank you. Just a quick regulatory question. There was a proposed rule from CMS concerning the 1115 waiver payment and implications there for calculation of a disproportional share payments for acute. Just wanted to see if you guys had any initial thoughts on that? I think you may have probably less exposure to that than some of your peers, but I just wanted to get any initial takes on that proposed rule. Thanks. 
Steve Filton: Yes, so we’ve commented a number of times and then with reference or direct people to our 10-K filing where we detailing in pretty specific detail our supplemental Medicaid payments in the current year in 2022 and then what we expect for 2023. I mentioned before, we’re expecting about a $30 million decline next year across a number of states. To your point, Ben, I don’t think we’re expecting a big change in tech or some of the 1115 change. But in total, there’s about a $30 million reduction in supplemental payments next year, including disproportion share over maybe two or three states. 
Ben Hendrix: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. There are no additional questions in the queue. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Steve, for any closing remarks. 
Steve Filton: We’d just like to thank everybody for their time this morning, and we look forward to speaking with you again at the end of the first quarter. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation today. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Third Quarter 2022 Universal Health Services Earnings Conference Call. And at this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference may be recorded. I would like to hand the conference over to your speakers today, Steve Filton, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Marc Miller, President and CEO. Please go ahead.
Steve Filton: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning. We welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services' results for the third quarter, ended September 30, 2022. During the conference call, we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in those forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and forward-looking statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2021, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended June 30, 2022. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.50 for the third quarter of 2022. After adjusting for the impact of the item reflected on the supplemental schedule, as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $2.54 for the quarter-ended September 30, 2022.
Marc Miller: During the third quarter, we experienced a decrease in the number of patients with a COVID diagnosis treated in our hospitals as compared to the prior-year quarter. As a percentage of total admissions, COVID-diagnosed patients made up 16% of our admissions in the third quarter of 2021, but only 6% of our admissions in the third quarter of 2022. In our Acute segment, this declined in COVID patients resulted in reduced revenues due to the lower acuity and less of the incremental government reimbursement associated with COVID patients. While overall surgical volume tended to recover to pre-pandemic levels, there was a measurable shift from in-patient to outpatient, resulting in further overall revenue softness. And while we were able to continue to reduce the amount of premium pay in the quarter, which declined from $117 million in the second quarter to $81 million in the third quarter, there was insufficient revenue growth to offset the accelerated rate of wage increases and other inflationary pressures. The $25 million we received in quality incentive fund payments, in Texas, helped to narrow the gap, leading to an Acute EBITDA result in the quarter only slightly below our internal forecasts. At the same time, this decline in COVID activity allowed our Behavioral hospitals to continue to reduce their labor vacancies, resulting in a reduction of the capping of bed capacity. The effect of increased volumes combined with solid pricing increases largely offset higher labor costs, leading to a Behavioral EBITDA result in the quarter slightly below our internal forecasts.
Steve Filton: We also note that the third quarter included approximately $8 million of losses related to startup facilities and $4 million to $5 million of losses related to the impact of Hurricane Ian, in late September. For the nine months ended September 30, 2022, we've incurred approximately $45 million of losses in connection with the startup facilities. Our cash generated from operating activities was $221 million during the third quarter of 2022, as compared to $442 million during the same quarter in 2021. The decline was largely due to the timing of payroll disbursements, the opening of new facilities, and the timing of certain -- or the receipt of certain supplemental reimbursements. We spent $570 million on capital expenditures during the first nine months of 2022. In reaction to the earnings softness experienced this year, we reduced the pace of our capital expenditures by about 22% to -- or $165 million for the first nine months of the year. Similarly, although we moderated the trajectory of our share repurchases, we plan to continue to be an active acquirer of our own shares. For the full-year of 2022, we estimate that we will acquire approximately 80% of the numbers of shares projected in our original guidance. During the third quarter of 2022, we repurchased approximately 1.6 million shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $158 million. During the first nine months of 2022, we repurchased approximately $5.85 million share at an aggregate cost of approximately $704 million.
Marc Miller: Yesterday morning, we announced the appointment of Eddie Sim to Executive Vice President and President Acute Care Division, succeeding Marvin Pember, who has announced his intention to retire. Eddie, who brings nearly 30 years of healthcare and leaderships experience, most recently served as Chief Operating Officer at Centura Health, in Denver, Colorado, where he led the system's three operating groups, clinical delivery and shared services, with annual revenues of approximately $5 billion. In this role, he was responsible for supporting improved care coordination, operational and clinical excellence, and alignment across Centura's ecosystem of 19 facilities, and more than 250 clinics. Prior to joining Centura Health, Eddie served in senior leadership roles of increasing responsibility for 11 years, at Baptist Health in Jacksonville, Florida. As president of physician integration there, he was responsible for an employed physician network of 380 physicians, and a clinically integrated network with more than 900 physicians. As we look forward to Eddie joining the company, in early December, we thank Marvin for his 11 years of service to UHS. Under Marvin's leadership, our Acute Care Division has experienced robust growth and expansion in key markets, as well as achieved a significant number of industry accolades and public recognition for quality and service. Marvin will remain with the organization for a transition period following Eddie's start with us, on December 5. We are pleased to answer questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. I guess everyone's starting to look towards 2023. I don't know if you're [hesitant to] [Ph] provide any comment in that direction, that would be fantastic, if not, most of your peers have given us kind of one-time items in 2022 to level-set the base we should be thinking about when thinking about 2023. Can you help us on either side of that analysis?
Steve Filton: Sure, Kevin. You know, it has never been UHS' practice to give guidance for the following year until our fourth quarter earnings announcement in February. And we're not going to depart from that this year. I think we've been pretty clear about the non-recurring items in our financials for the year. I'll just sort of comment on the third quarter. The QIF, or Q-I-F reimbursement that we received in Texas, for $25 million that Marc mentioned in his opening remarks, we believe should be a recurring reimbursement item, which is why we did not suggest tossing it out of the third quarter consideration. Other than that, we've identified the startup losses; we've identified the impact of the hurricane, in theory, and they should not reoccur next year. And then finally, I know at least one of our peers described this DPP reimbursement, in Florida, another sort of special Medicaid program. We do not record any of those funds in Q3 of this year, although we expect to record something in the neighborhood about $30 million of those next quarter, in the fourth quarter, and a similar amount next year.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, that's helpful. Are you thinking about like the government PHE money as kind of a headwind next year or was that tied to COVID volumes and therefore not really necessarily something we should be backing out of this year's numbers?
Steve Filton: See, I think it's the latter, Kevin. I mean, those government programs that were meant to subsidize hospitals, whether it was HRSA or the 20% add-on or the sequestration waiver, all were designed to help hospitals deal with the higher acuity and higher expense of COVID patients. As there are fewer COVID patients I think there's less of a need for that. I think the real variable as we think about the Acute business is, particularly in 2022, as COVID volumes have declined, non-COVID volumes, electives and other procedures have been a little bit slower to recover and snap back than they were in 2021. I think we see them slowly coming back. And I think we think that will continue into 2023. But in my mind, the pace of that recovery is probably sort of the most important variable as we think about the performance of the Acute Division, in addition to the other prevalent item which, of course, is just the labor -- the tightness in the labor market.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ann Hynes with Mizuho Group. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ann Hynes: Hi, good morning. Maybe on 2022 guidance, you didn't mention in the press release. Is that still a good gauge for this year? And directionally, would you prefer consensus estimates to go to the low-to-mid range given the first three months? How should we think about that for Q4?
Steve Filton: Yes, and so I think, and consistent with our prior practice, as we don't mention guidance in the press release, we're affirming our previous issued guidance, which is what we're doing. I think, during the third quarter, and in some public appearances at conferences, et cetera, I think I conceded that the top end of the guidance was practically not a reasonable target. But I think we feel like as long as the trends that we saw in Q3 continue to a reasonable degree in Q4, some place in the lower half of guidance, it should be very achievable, especially with some of the non-recurring items, particularly the DPP moneys, in Florida, that I mentioned in my previous response.
Ann Hynes: All right. And just one follow-up question, I think you said in your prepared presentation that you're reducing your expectations for share repurchase by 20%. Can you just talk about the drivers of that, and how we should view this for next year, and also CapEx for next year? I mean, I know you've reduced your budget by 33%, is that just a wait-and-see or do you think that will continue into next year? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, and so just to clarify what I said in the prepared remarks was our original guidance for the year presumed about $1.4 billion in share repurchases, obviously at a higher price than what we've been currently trading at. What I said is that we'd likely repurchase about 80% of the original number of shares. Probably from a dollar standpoint, that's more like 60%, $800 million-$850 million of the original $1.4 billion. Similarly, I think we've trimmed our CapEx forecast, from $1 billion originally, to something, again, more in like the $800 million range. In both cases, we've done that, I think, as out of an abundance of caution. Obviously, in an environment of rising interest rates and just on certain operating trends, we want to be appropriately cautious. We continue to believe that investing in our own EBITDA growth and our own earnings stream is still one of the most prudent investments we can make. So, I think we'll continue to be an active acquirer of shares into next year. We'll be much more specific about what our precise assumptions are when we give our guidance, in February. But I'd suggest it as people think about their models today, you think about CapEx and share repurchase in those sort of ranges of 2022, $800 million-some-odd for CapEx and $800 million-$850 million for share repurchase.
Ann Hynes: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Noah Comen with FactSet. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Noah, your line may be on mute. Okay, we'll go ahead and move to our next question. And our next question will come from the line of Austin Gerlach with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Hey, this is Justin Lake, at Wolfe. Thanks. A couple questions here, first on wages. Steve, obviously you guys did a great job of improving contract labor in the quarter. You're already kind of at your fourth quarter targets. So, one, do you expect that to continue moderating or does it stabilize here? And then to your point, a lot of appears to be offset by higher wage growth. Can you give us any color on what wage growth is doing for your permanent employees just so we can get an idea of how that's running in the next year?
Steve Filton: Yes, Justin. So, I think on the first question, yes, I think we intend and plan to further reduce premium pay. Premium pay was running about $35 million a quarter in the Acute segment pre-pandemic. I don't think it's realistic to get down to those levels, but I think it's not a stretch to say that we should still be able to get down maybe another $15 million-$20 million at least in the next quarter. To your second point, yes, I mean not all of that reduction sort of falls to the bottom line because some of the cost of reducing that premium pay is increased wages that we're having to pay to recruit and retain talent. I think we've said a number of times over the last several quarters that probably base wage rate inflation in both segments has been running, I'm going to say, 175 to 200 basis points higher than pre-pandemic levels. So, I think, if in Acute it was 3%-3.25% pre-pandemic, it's closer to 5% now. And in April, it was 2%-2.5% pre-pandemic, it's closer to 4%-4.25% now. I think one of the reasons that we're not prepared to talk about specific 2023 guidance is we'd like to see how those trends sort out over the next several months. I think we have a perspective that, given some of the inflationary and other economic pressures out there, that it may actually contribute to somewhat of a lessening of the pressure on wages, and maybe we'll see that number, probably not return to pre-pandemic levels the wage inflation number, but maybe somewhere between where we are today and pre-pandemic levels. But I think that's to be seen over the next several months.
Justin Lake: Got it. And you kind of already went to my second question on just inflation. One of your peers talked about inflation, and it seemed like they were talking beyond labor. Just curious, when you think about supply costs, for instance, professional fees, things outside of labor that could be impacted by inflation, are you seeing any kind of pivots there? Anything that's trending that we should think about into 2023? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean if you look at our income statement, clearly the biggest pressure is on the salary and wage line. But certainly we're experiencing inflation on an overall basis throughout our portfolio. As an example, utility costs, although it's a very small percentage of our overall costs, but they have clearly risen by significant numbers in many of our facilities. But again, that the key driver, I think, is wages as our focus is on, again, reducing premium pay, filling as many permanent vacancies as we can. And I think if we can do that, number one, that will drive higher volume growth which will help us offset some of this inflationary pressure.
Operator: Thank you. And we will move on to the next question. And our next question comes from the line of Jason Cassorla with Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jason Cassorla: Great, thanks. Good morning. Just on your prepared remarks around the measurable shift in surgical volumes, the outpatient setting in the quarter, do you believe this move is a sustained construct moving forward, or would you call this as more of a onetime consideration and you would expect a reversion back to a more gradual shift over time?
Steve Filton: Jason, obviously in sort of the broader context for the industry this shift from inpatient settings to outpatient settings has been going on for an extended period of time certainly well over a decade. I think it accelerated during the pandemic. From a Behavioral perspective, people I think were in some cases more comfortable receiving care in settings outside of hospitals and hospital emergency rooms. We have seen that just as one example our free standing emergency department. We have about 25 of those today around the country. Have been extremely busy during the pandemic, and especially, I would say over the last six to 12 months. I think again for a variety of reasons people are just more comfortable receiving their care there. I think to a degree we will have sort of normalization back to a bit of a mean. People will return to the hospitals as we move further and further away from the concerns about COVID and COVID surges. But obviously there are other reasons why -- certainly the payors are taking advantage of this opportunity to continue to pressure more business to move to outpatient. And part of -- quite thankfully, we acknowledge all that. And we have been investing in outpatient development in both of our business segments for -- [technical difficulty]. I think the trend accelerated somewhat during the pandemic. But I think more broadly it’s just a continuation of a trend that’s been in place for some time. And I think our business strategy in both of our businesses takes that into account, and we are very cognizant of that.
Jason Cassorla: Yes, okay, thanks. And then, just as a follow up here just as we think about the potential wind down of the COVID public health emergency early next year, you have talked in the past about some of the considerations on Medicaid re-determinations and on volumes, but I guess that the incremental dollars that is also rolled in the States are also coming to an end. I know it’s early, but I was wondering what your outlook is for Medicaid rates next year for both side of the business. And if you think there could be pressure there just given the ending of SMAP?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean I think sort of mechanically the ending of SMAP probably creates some incremental headwind although I don’t think it’s necessarily material. Again, I think at a sort of 20,000 foot level, it’s going to be difficult for our reimbursement especially from the government at the Medicare and Medicaid level to fully offset inflation. I think the way we are presuming that the biggest offset to these inflationary increases will be a return to pre-pandemic volumes, and quite frankly, volumes above and beyond pre-pandemic levels, because to be perfectly frank, I don’t think that pricing can account or can offset all of the inflationary pressures that we are going to face.
Jason Cassorla: Got it. Okay, thanks for all the color.
Operator: Thank you and one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
A. J. Rice: Thanks. Hi everybody. First may be just to ask you about the Behavioral trends in the quarter. Obviously, that bounces back very nicely. Strong -- revenue up 8% and good margin leverage, I assume some of that is because COVID crowded out some psych cases last year and you're just against an easy comp, but any updated thoughts on where we are at in terms of getting back to a normal growth cycle mid single digits or a little better even in the psych hospital businesses and the mix between revenue and volumes? I know historically sort of describe that as about equal 2% to 3% of age. But any updated thoughts on that, given the strong quarter?
Steve Filton: I think we have said a number of times during the pandemic, AJ, that our experience has been that during periods of higher COVID utilization, the Behavioral business has clearly struggled more than the Acute business, there's really no benefit to the Behavioral business, there's no increased acuity, there's no increased reimbursement, there's just the challenge of having to isolate COVID patients from the rest of the patient population, often resulting in some closed beds, et cetera. And then there's the pressure on labor. Whenever there's a COVID surge, we have more employees out sick, where even if it's only for a week or two, and it just creates more pressure in an already tight labor environment. So, I think what we experienced in Q3 is what we've experienced previously, like in the second quarter of 2021, in a period of relatively low COVID utilization, which is not nearly as many sort of patient matching problems, and the ability to fill more labor vacancies. And when we're able to do that, we're able to admit more patients. And we've talked about being able in a sort of post-COVID environment, or at least in an endemic environment, being able to achieve that mid-single-digit to upper single digit revenue growth, that we've been able to historically achieve pre-pandemic in the Behavioral business. And the third quarter, I think, was reflective of our ability to do that. The challenge is I don't know that we'll have a sort of straight line of that. We may see another COVID surge in the winter here. But I think as we've -- you said many times, we think the underlying demand for Behavioral services remains quite strong. And as long as we can continue to address and make progress on the labor issue, I think we're going to continue to see revenue growth that's more closely related to our historical trends.
A. J. Rice: Okay. And maybe just a question on the Acute side, if I look at some of the metrics length of stay showed a meaningful improvement that obviously is a favorable benefit for you. Any comment on what was going on there? And then some of the companies are talking about even if not year-over-year, because last year had a lot of COVID. Sequentially, they're starting to see stabilization and metrics like payer mix, and in revenue per adjusted admission, particularly on the commercial side was some a little bit of optimism around rate updates for next year. Any comment on any of those metrics that you would want to give?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean I think as to the length of stay question is directly related to the metrics that Marc discussed in his opening remarks. Last year's quarter had 16% of our Acute patients is COVID diagnosed this year at 6%. The reduction in the number of those high acuity COVID patients, I think is sort of directly related to the length of stay decline. I would add that I think we believe that further reductions in length of stay are possible, and are actually maybe one of the most, if not the most significant opportunity, we have to be more efficient in control costs. For many of our patients, certainly for almost all of our government patients, and for even a significant chunk of our commercial patients, we're paid on a per admission basis. So, to the degree that there's an extra day or two of length of stay that is really unnecessary. We're just incurring additional costs without additional reimbursement. And we've struggled during the pandemic for a number of reasons, a lot of it has to do with the inability to refer patients to traditional subacute venues, because they're struggling with some of the same capacity issues we have, and other reasons, but we're very focused on the continued reduction in length of stay. As far as your other question, I don't think we've had a lot of volatility in payer mix during the pandemic. So, I would say it's probably as stable and then continues to be stable. Again I would say the same thing I've now said a number of times, I think what we look forward to, as more and more people just get accustomed to living and working and getting their healthcare in a COVID environment or an endemic environment, that more people will be comfortable seeing their physicians, getting a primary and specialty care that they've historically gotten and getting that care in hospital settings and hospital outpatient settings. And we think that that trend has started to manifest itself and will continue.
A. J. Rice: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Mok with UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Mok: Hi, good morning. Wanted to follow-up on Justin’s labor question, Steve, I think you mentioned another $15 million to $20 million in potential improvement in the fourth quarter. Do you have visibility into that level of improvement today based on the current trend and anything else you would point to that’s going to drive sequential EBITDA improvement in the fourth quarter? Thanks.
Steve Filton: All I would say Andrew is, we’ve obviously had a significant amount of success in the Acute division in reducing premium pay. It peaked at about $150 million in Q1. It was $117 million in Q2, as Mark said, and then $81 million in this third quarter. So, we’ve seen that trending down and believe that we can continue to propel that further reduction. Obviously, there is some sort of level of fixed amount of premium pay that is appropriate. I was saying, of a $35 million pre-pandemic. I don’t think that’s a realistic target at this point. But that’s the basis on which we believe that we can continue to reduce that number. It’s clearly a trend and it has not yet flattened out and I don’t think it will.
Andrew Mok: Got it. Okay. As a follow-up, I think, Steve, you mentioned earlier this year that you’re starting to enhance your footprint in the Medicaid assisted treatment line. Can you update us on your progress there and how would you characterize the broader MAT opportunity over the next 18 months? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, it’s a -- at the moment, it’s a relatively sort of fragmented process in the sense that really doing it kind of boots on the ground, developing some MAT facilities doing or pursuing some kind of small one, two, three off acquisition type areas. And I think as I’ve mentioned before we don’t necessarily see this as a huge driver of growth in the future as much as we see it as really enhancing our very fulsome continuum of care in the Behavioral space. We treat virtually all diagnosis across inpatient, outpatient settings. And MAT was just sort of a gap in that. So, we’re going to continue to pursue the opportunity to do that at least in some of our markets. But it’s really much, much -- part of a much broader strategy of being one of the more comprehensive providers or maybe the most comprehensive provider of Behavioral services in the country.
Andrew Mok: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes on the line of Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Stephen Baxter: Yes. Hi, thanks for the question. Wanted to ask a follow-up on the pricing discussion earlier, I think you suggested that it might be challenging for your pricing yield to keep up with inflationary pressures, but just wanted to clarify that. Was that commentary specific to your government yield or your overall pricing yield? And I guess my actual question would’ve been just wanted to get an update on your commercial rate negotiations for 2023. I guess what percentage of your commercial book will be in the first year of a new contract in 2023? And then what do you think the incremental yield would be compared to a typical update? Thank you.
Marc Miller: Yes. So, I think my previous comments clearly called out the fact that because half of our revenue comes from government sources and we know that they’re simply not at the moment keeping up with inflation. Although, I think we believe that we’ll continue to get incremental increases from those government sources over the next couple of years that that was probably the bigger challenge. I think on the commercial side of things, we continue to seek higher rates and more acknowledgement from our commercial payers that we need greater reimbursement to operate in this sort of inflationary environment. On the Behavioral side that overall pricing has been stronger -- were strong in the quarter. We’ve talked in previous calls about our relatively aggressive stance that we’ve been taking with a number of payers in part because that’s a business in which we’ve been capacity constrained. So, it makes sense to us or for us to go to our lowest paying payers and either require them to come up to market levels of reimbursement or terminate those contracts. Because if we’re going to turn patients away, it makes sense to terminate those that are sort of the most inadequate, if you will, payers. On the Acute side, and again, this idea of sort of how many of our contracts have been renewed, et cetera. I think is a little bit outdated in the sense that virtually all of our managed care contracts have short-term out that most of them have 90 or 120 day out. So, we’re renegotiating contracts in both our Acute and Behavioral spaces where we think there’s an opportunity, where we think that a payer may be under market, where we think that we might have an appropriate amount of leverage to press for greater rates, et cetera. So, yes, we will definitely get more relief on the pricing side, clearly on our commercial side of the business, and we’re aggressively seeking that. And again I was sort of describing the shortfall clearly as being more on the government side.
Operator: Thank you. And we’ll go to our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with SVB Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Whit Mayo: Thanks. Just wanted to follow-up on contract labor for just one second, Steve, how much of the improvement in the third quarter was utilization versus bill rates? And do you have an idea of what your exit rate was in the quarter? I’ve got you pegged at around 10% of Acute SWB in the quarter, but just wondering if that trended maybe a little bit more favorably towards the end of the quarter. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean I think and in my mind, this is sort of intuitive that the improvement in premium pay is a combination of both rate and utilization. Obviously, as the demand for those temporary and traveling nurses comes down, the rates that are required or being demanded for them comes down as well. So, I would say it’s a pretty even mix of rate and value coming down. I don’t have the specific month by month premium pay numbers in front of me with, but as you know, I was sort of referring to in my -- in a previous response, I mean what we -- I think have seen is a steady incremental decline in premium pay since the beginning of the year when COVID volumes peaked. And so I think our exit rate in the quarter was certainly higher or how we going to view it a lower amount of premium pay or a greater reduction than it was in the beginning.
Whit Mayo: Okay. And do you have a number for the contract labor spin in the Behavioral segment? I know and recognize that it’s not as significant of a pain point, but just wanted to see if you had that.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean I think historically it’s been about a third of what it is in the Acute side, but I don’t have the specific number in front of me.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Well, one last one just corporate overhead, I know this number bounces around, but came in lower than sort of where we thought it might shake out. Just any developments or anything to call out would be helpful. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. I don’t think anything terribly specific. I will say that the decline in corporate overhead in Q3 of this year was pretty consistent with what we experienced last year, but as we’ve analyzed those numbers, there’s nothing terribly material driving that.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Cowen. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. Just a couple quick ones for me, it doesn’t sound like on the hurricane any material impact expected to continue into the fourth quarter, that was just a disruption, but nothing damaging that would be continuing?
Marc Miller: That’s correct, Gary. We didn’t suffer fortunately any significant physical damage in any of our facilities. So, I think all the impacts were temporary and most should be recovered in the fourth quarter.
Gary Taylor: And then on the Florida DPP for 4Q I know you’d mentioned that earlier in the year. I just want to make sure I understand a $30 million, is that the EBITDA impact or is there I’m thinking of the other companies have had like a gross revenue number or a provider tax number associated with it, and then a net sort of EBITDA?
Steve Filton: Yes, so that $30 million is the EBITDA impact.
Gary Taylor: Okay. And then last one, when I look at modeling the Acute segment, the line that really is most challenging for me I am just struggling to stay up it and perhaps understand is that other operating expense line that’s up almost $100 million year-over-year. I don’t think there is any contract labor in there. I think it’s professional fees and utilities and insurance is like the most largest items cited in that bucket. Could you just maybe confirm that? And maybe just help us think about that up a $100 million year-over-year, what the two or three largest drivers of that are?
Steve Filton: Sure. So, clearly and we have talked about this on previous calls the most significant driver and I think the biggest distortion is the insurance subsidiary where we record our medical loss ratio in that line. And because the medical loss ratio for our insurance subsidiary like any insurance subsidiary is 85 or 90% of revenues. And otherwise, that other operating expense line for our hospitals is more something like 20% revenue. And to a degree that there is a revenue increase in the insurance subsidiary, it sort of distorts that line. So, in the third quarter, there is about $30 million to $40 million increase in insurance subsidiary revenues and expenses. If you adjust that out of other operating expenses, I think rather than like a 15% increase quarter-over-quarter it’s certainly like 10%. And I think that’s probably a reasonable go-forward. I don’t have the year-to-date numbers in front of me. But, we can certainly provide those. We will make a point I think when we give guidance for 2023 of trying to separate out the impact of the insurance subsidiary and those numbers. So, it’s easier for people to follow. I understand the difficulty that creates.
Gary Taylor: Yes. Steve, I have the three largest buckets of spend on the Acute other OpEx correct, when we think about professional fees, [utilities and share queue] [Ph].
Steve Filton: Yes, I would say after adjusting out the insurance, there is a bunch of miscellaneous things. Probably the other most volatile item in the most recent past has been physician payment. So, our payments to physicians including locum physicians and increased subsidies for hospital-based physicians et cetera would be recorded on that line. And so you are seeing some impact of that, and then just the impact of broad general inflation.
Gary Taylor: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Pito Chickering: Yes, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Three follow-up questions that is focused on Behavioral, number one, how did behavioral business track in September October? Is it fair to think about 3Q admission growth continuing in the fourth quarter? Number two, if 3Q margins Behavioral the right sort of run rate for the fourth quarter? And number three, thinking about 2023 behavioral if pricing is 4% to 5% range and wages in the low 4% range, is there any reason we should not think about margin improvement in Behavioral in 2023? Thanks so much.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean -- look, I think we made these comments broadly. And I think most hospitals have made these comments broadly. July volumes in both Behavioral and Acute were really rather soft. August tracked better. And I think September was sort of a reflection of the two month -- the two earlier months combined. So, I think the trend is upward. But I think what we have learnt during the pandemic is the trends are a bit more volatile than they have been historically. But again, I think the thing that we say with some confidence is that in periods of lower COVID utilization, Behavioral volumes will tend to trend upward. And that’s been our experience. As far as the sort of question about if we continue to have mid single digit and upper single revenue growth as we did in Q3, should that be enough to allow for margin improvement? I think the answer is yes. I mean I think we saw that in the quarter. And I don’t think there is any reason why we shouldn’t continue to see that going forward.
Pito Chickering: What’s the follow-up on the Acute wages, are you seeing your competitors sort of raise full-time employee wages multiple times during 2022, like it did in 2021? Or are we just generally all coming with same levels and, hence, why you think the wage inflation in Acute should be less in '23 than in '22?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean we definitely saw our acute care peers raising wage rates, often multiple times during 2022, and again particularly during COVID surges. As I said, I mean I think that our hope is that with COVID volumes more stable, and hopefully without another really significant surge, like we saw in January '20 and January '21, wage rates will be more reasonable, and wage rate increases will be more reasonable in 2023. Look, the other issue is, I think as most people know, I mean I think most of our not-for-profit peers are struggling financially, and then that may be an understatement. So I think, again, the hope is that their willingness to give what we believe will be characterized as outsized pay increases, they're going to have much less of an appetite for that in 2023 than maybe they did in '21.
Pito Chickering: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. You said in your prepared remarks that you were able to lower the previous admission cap in Behavioral due to filling the vacant positions. Can you give any color on what percentage of admissions you had to turn away in 3Q, and what that looked like [technical difficulty] pre-pandemic?
Steve Filton: Yes, Sarah, we generally don’t give those metrics because I think they're hard to measure across the portfolio consistently, not every hospital tracks it the same way, et cetera. We do try and track it, but internally. But I've been reluctant to give those metrics out publicly. And what I will say is what we do know during the pandemic is that the percentage of inbound call volume or -- we call it call volume, but it could be over the internet, et cetera, that we were able to satisfy was significantly lower than it was pre-pandemic. And the main reason for that was because of again, I'm going to describe it as capped beds. And the beds could have been capped either because we were isolating COVID patients in certain units or because we didn’t have enough staff. And again, what we have manifested many times when COVID volumes decline is we know that the number of uncapped beds increase as COVID volumes come down. It's difficult to give a precise impact of that. But again, I think you can see it in the 8% same-store revenue growth in Q3.
Sarah James: Got it. And given the, roughly, $200 million reduction in CapEx guide in conjunction with your commentary in 2Q that you're leaning on de novo openings this year related to staffing shortages. What impact does that have on openings going forward? And is it influencing your thoughts around what new builds might happen in '23?
Steve Filton: I think it's mostly a timing issue. I think that we have a view that CapEx investments that make economic sense that pencil out to a reasonable return, et cetera, make sense. They may not make sense from a timing perspective to add capacity in an environment in which we're already having difficulty staffing the existing capacity we have. But ultimately, they'll get built. So, I don’t know that there's any 2022 -- because the reality is 2023 large expansion projects that would be adding capacity -- scheduled capacity are probably already well-committed too. I think that our deferral or delay in CapEx probably pushes out some '24 projects to '25, and '25 to '26, it's that sort of thing, rather than, I think, an immediate impact in '23.
Sarah James: That makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Noah Comen with FactSet. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Noah, your phone may be on mute.
Operator: All right, I am showing no further questions at this time. And I would like to turn the conference back over to Steve Filton for any further remarks.
Steve Filton: We'd just like to thank everybody for their time this morning, and look forward to --
Operator: Please go ahead. This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Universal Health Services, Inc. Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to hand the conference over to our speaker today, Steve Filton, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, Mr. Filton.
Steve Filton: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Marc Miller is also joining us this morning. We welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2022. During the conference call, we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in those forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and forward-looking statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2021, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. We’d like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported an adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.20 for the second quarter of 2022. As previously disclosed in our preannouncement on June 30, 2022, our acute hospitals experienced a significant decline in COVID-related patients during the second quarter of 2022. As a percentage of total admissions, COVID diagnosed patients made up 13% of total admissions in the first quarter of 2022, but only 3% in the second quarter of 2022. The decrease in COVID-related patient volumes during the second quarter was not offset by an equivalent increase in non-COVID-related patients resulting in significant shortfalls in revenues and earnings compared to our original forecast for the quarter. And even though we did make progress in reducing premium pay in the acute segment, which went from $153 million in the first quarter to $117 million in the second quarter, overall costs did not decline sufficiently to offset the weaker revenues. Specifically, a surge in patients with the Omicron variant of the virus, which began in December of 2021, tended to peak in most of our geographies in January of 2022. In our acute segment, we would note that in general, the Omicron patients were less acutely ill than the COVID-related patients treated in previous surges and thus displayed somewhat lower acuity. Meanwhile, the amount of contract nursing hours used and even more importantly, the rate we had to pay for those hours increased significantly in the first quarter, both on a sequential basis as well as on a year-over-year comparison. In our behavioral segment, we also made progress in filling our vacant positions, but patient day volumes still does not recover as quickly as we originally expected. We do note that our reported second quarter results were benefited from approximately $10 million of revenues from supplemental Texas Medicaid reimbursements, which were not reflected in our estimates for the quarter in the preannouncement. These revenues were originally contemplated to be recorded in the second half of the year. So the $10 million represents a shift in timing only. The second quarter also included approximately $20 million of startup losses incurred by recently opened de novo acute and behavioral health facilities as well as a $16 million pretax charge incurred to increase our reserves for self-insured professional and general liability claims.
Marc Miller: Our second quarter 2022 operating results were significantly behind our original forecasts. The primary driver of the shortfall was that non-COVID volume did not recover as quickly as we had anticipated based on our previous experience during the pandemic when COVID volumes declined rapidly. We believe there are multiple contributing factors to the slower demand rebound, most notably labor scarcity issues, which continue to constrain our ability to meet demand in certain circumstances. In the end, however, we believe that the majority of the demand shortfall has been simply delayed or postponed and that ultimately, it will be realized. We are encouraged by the progress made in reducing premium pay and filling vacancies, and we continue to invest heavily in recruitment and retention initiatives. Where appropriate, we are also developing alternative patient care models that allow us to use a wider variety of available caregivers to render the most efficient and high quality of care where we care. In reaction to the earnings softness and the fact that we are completing a refinancing during the quarter, we reduced the pace of our capital expenditure spend by about 20% or $100 million for the first six months of the year. Similarly, we moderated the trajectory of our share repurchases although we still expect to acquire approximately the same number of shares as in our original guidance. We are pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marco from Nephron Research. Your line is now open.
Marco Criscuolo: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So, you spoke to some of the developments you saw on contract labor during the quarter. But I was wondering if you could provide a little more detail on what you’re seeing in terms of the hourly rates and utilization, and how that’s tracking into July? And also, is there any detail you can provide on base hourly nursing rates and how those compare today to last year or even two years ago? Thanks
Steve Filton: Yes. So, what we said in the first quarter was that we had $115 million or $153 million of premium pay in the acute segment, and we said that our guidance presumed that, that number would be cut approximately in half by the fourth quarter, so that we’d have something like $75 million or $80 million of premium pay in the fourth quarter. We’re pretty much on track for that trajectory. As I said, we had $117 million of premium pay in Q2, which is about 20%, maybe a little bit more reduction. I think that reduction came from a combination of both rate declines and hours utilized, I think split pretty evenly in terms of their impact. And I think that’s where we are. As far as underlying base wage rates, I think as we’ve noted before, they have gone from sort of pre-pandemic increases also on the acute side specifically, from, let’s say, 3%, 3.5% to something more like 4.5% to 5%. On the behavioral side, they probably started at somewhat lower. But again, something in the neighborhood of 125 basis point, 150 basis point increase in base rates, pre-pandemic, post-pandemic comparison.
Marco Criscuolo: Great. Thanks. And then if I could ask one quick follow-up on the behavioral side. Is there any way to quantify the lost patient volumes from the lack of your ability to find the staffing? In other words, is there any detail you can provide on how many admissions or patient days you think you’ve lost from that? Thanks.
Steve Filton: We do track that internally. We don’t disclose those numbers in part, because I think different hospitals track them a little bit differently, et cetera, and we don’t view them as the most precise statistics. But we do know that we have turned away during the pandemic, a significant number of patients either because we didn’t have the staff to treat them or because we had certain beds blocked because patients couldn’t be exposed to other patients with COVID, et cetera. I think, what I would say is, we continue to believe that the historic levels of growth that we’ve experienced in our behavioral business of mid-single-digit volume growth, 3%, 4%, 5% same-store patient day growth year-over-year, we believe there’s certainly still achievable once we can get beyond the current labor scarcity. And I think the second quarter represents an incremental improvement towards that goal still a ways to go. But I think the trend is a positive one.
Marco Criscuolo: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Andrew Mok with UBS. Your line is now open.
Andrew Mok: Thanks, good morning. Steve, acute results missed internal plan by a pretty wide margin. Can you help parse out the impact from the health plan business within the acute segment. How much of an earnings drag was that? And is that expected to get better for the balance of the year? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean the insurance subsidiary was somewhat of a drag on earnings. It certainly was not the significant – most significant or even close to the most significant, I think, obviously, as we discussed, both in the preannouncement and our remarks again today. It was – difficulty we had in replacing COVID patients with non-COVID patients. The insurance subsidiary winds up being a drag because as we add new subscribers or establish new accountable care organizations in our markets, there are generally startup costs and losses associated with that. But that drag in the quarter was, in my mind, no more than $10 million.
Andrew Mok: Got it. Okay. And then on the behavioral side, behavioral revenue per patient day had been trending 5% plus over the last seven quarters. That moderated to less than 2% this quarter. Is there anything to call out that’s driving the slowing increases on the behavioral pricing? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean probably a chunk of that and probably the most significant chunk is if people recall and we did disclose, we recorded that special reimbursement, special Kentucky reimbursement, in June of last year. And in the comparison between years, at least some of that is included. So, as we’ve noted, the recording of that Kentucky revenue is much more ratable in 2022. So, we’re comparing a more ratable reimbursement rate in 2022 with that big chunk received in 2021. So probably that drives down the revenue growth rate more than anything else.
Andrew Mok: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Stephen Baxter: Hey, thank you. It looks like about a – when you look at the acute care reported EBITDA and the same-store EBITDA, it looks like there’s about a $20 million drag from non-same-store items. It sounds like, if I remember correctly, the insurance company results are not reported in same-store. Just wondering if you can confirm that or not? And then should we think about the balance of that as being driven by start-up losses or any other items impacting that? That would be helpful color to have. Thank you.
Steve Filton: So the insurance subsidiary results are certainly included in our same-store acute results and always have been, obviously, except for when they first started. What I said in my prepared remarks was we had $20 million of startup losses at new acute care and behavioral facilities. The biggest chunk of that is our new hospital in Reno, which opened, I believe, very late March or early April. And one of the things that we’re experiencing, just yet another difficulty of the pandemic, is a slower process in getting a new hospital certified and getting their Medicare numbers and therefore, being able to bill patients in a more timely way. Historically, that used to be literally just a few day process between opening and getting your Medicare number certified. I think in the case of our hospital in Reno, it took us almost a couple of months. And as a consequence, I think we suffered more significant losses than we really anticipated, and that’s a big chunk of that $20 million that I mentioned in my prepared remarks. One of the significant improvements we’re expecting in the back half of the year is that, that hospital will ramp up fairly significantly in our forecast of leases that it will be profitable by the back half of the year.
Stephen Baxter: Got it. Okay. Thank you. And then just as a quick follow-up. It does seem like there – a little hard to tell what might be some pressure on the other OpEx line beyond the insurance company results. Can you talk about anything else you’re seeing impacting that line item, whether it’s physician staffing costs or anything or the like? Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean the acute care, other operating expenses appear to be going up fairly significantly. But as you pointed out, I think the biggest chunk of that is the impact of the insurance subsidiary. The insurance subsidiary records its medical losses or we record is medical losses in that other operating expense line, because their medical losses tend to run 85%, 88% of revenue as opposed to other operating expense at the hospitals, which tend to run at 20% of revenue, something like that. When we have an increase in subscribers and increased revenue on the – in the insurance subsidiary, it tends to distort that other operating expense line. So as an example, in Q2, if you exclude the insurance subsidiary from on our acute care reporting, our same-store revenue growth, which we reported 3% would be adjusted to 2%, but our other operating expense growth, which we report as 14% would be at 6%, which I think is probably much more in line or what would be an in-line expected number for that other operating expense. There’s nothing else extraordinary in that other OpEx line that I can think of.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Benjamin Rossi with BMO. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Rossi: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just going in for Matt Borsch here. Just regarding inflationary pressures for 2023. I know it’s early, but how do you think we should be thinking about key inflationary pressures for 2023 versus historical trends? And with managed care negotiations and ability to pass some of these inflationary pressures through pricing, can you just give us some timing on how we should think about that?
Steve Filton: Yes. Look, I think that by far, the biggest challenge is that our hospitals have faced have been on the labor side of the business. And I don’t think that’s purely just sort of normal inflationary pressures. I think we have had a point of view for some time that as COVID volumes declined and settled into something more of an endemic level, the pressure, particularly on premium pay, would ease. We certainly saw that sequentially from the first quarter to the second quarter. And as I commented in an earlier response, that’s our expectation as the year goes on. That will – if that plays out the way that we expect, it will certainly significantly diminish the pace of our cost increases. Now, as you point out, we certainly are experiencing other inflationary pressures throughout the business in the same way that all consumers and all businesses are, and we’re certainly doing our best to recoup them from our managed care payers. I’ve mentioned in previous calls that we’ve been aggressively giving notice of termination on contracts in both the acute and the behavioral business at a pace faster than quite frankly, I can really remember ever historically because as we identify contracts that simply in our minds, are not even remotely keeping up with inflationary pressures and labor pressures. And especially in places, whether it’s behavioral or even in some of our acute facilities where we’re already capacity constrained, we are willing to part with what we believe are inadequately reimbursed contracts and focus on patients and contracts that are, in fact, adequately reimbursed. I also would note that it struck me at least that there was a different tone from some of the payers, I think United in their quarterly earnings call acknowledge that they’d be giving some level of price increases in 2023 to providers to acknowledge the increased inflationary pressures, which at least for me, it was the first time that a payer had acknowledge that. So, our expectation is that payers will be more receptive to it in 2023, but we’ll also continue to be aggressive and try and grab the bull by the horns where we’re able to and wrangle rate increases from reluctant payers where we can and where we can’t. I think we’re willing to reconfigure our business and rid ourselves with some of those lowest payers.
Benjamin Rossi: Got you. Great. And then quickly on recruiting. We’ve been continuing to hear about tight labor conditions for clinical staff, particularly LPNs. Just looking for a quick update on how your internal initiatives for recruiting retention are playing out? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean so the comments that I made at the outset indicated a roughly 20% decline in premium pay on the acute side sequentially from Q1 to Q2. On the behavioral side, we continue to have a number of months, five months or six months, certainly, at least, of continuous net new hires, meaning the number of people we’re hiring is exceeding the number of people that are exiting the company. Our focus, quite frankly, is really now on that back end and reducing the number of folks who are leaving. And again, I’ll repeat sort of what I said earlier, I think we have a view that as COVID volumes decline and we settle into sort of more of an endemic kind of an environment where there are not these extraordinary opportunities for nurses to chase premium dollars that are four times or five times their base salary that we’ll see a bit more of a return to historic norms of nurses returning to full-time jobs, et cetera. I’m not suggesting that there have been no changes during the pandemic. I think we are probably going to get used to a higher level, a higher normative level of temporary and traveling nurses maybe than we’ve had in the past, et cetera. But I do think those numbers will continue to come down from where they are today to something approaching what we were used to in a pre-pandemic environment.
Benjamin Rossi: Great. Thanks for your comments here.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jason Cassorla with Citi. Your line is now open.
Jason Cassorla: Great. Thanks. Maybe just for the acute business. Can you discuss the utilization by payer across commercial, Medicare and Medicaid? And if there’s any particular payer buckets where you’re seeing outsized pressure on volumes. And then just a follow-up on mix. Acuity seems to remain elevated. But are you seeing any relative pressure on the medical versus surgical side of the business worth noting? And then maybe how we should think about those trends for the balance of the year? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. I think, we have said throughout the pandemic that we have not seen dramatic changes in our payer mix. I think, for the most part, our acute hospitals have tended to experience higher levels of COVID during the surges than at least our public peers. I assume that’s just a geographic sort of luck of a draw in that you get the COVID patients in your market, nobody sort of advertises or does anything to try and track those patients, you get what you get. And so we’ve tended to have, I think, a slightly higher Medicare to commercial mix than some of our peers, particularly during surges. But other than that, I don’t see that. The managed care companies, I think, otherwise, from a mix of business perspective, continue to talk about a shift from inpatient to outpatient. I think in our minds that’s really just a continuing dynamic that has been present in the industry now for at least a decade, probably quite a bit more. And within our own hospitals, I don’t know that we’ve really seen that shift accelerated. But again, I’ll get back to it. I think the fundamental challenge that we faced in our acute care business in Q2 was that as COVID volumes declined and they declined rapidly, we were unable to replace them at the same pace as we did, let’s say, in 2021 with elective and scheduled procedures and the more acute and more profitable sorts of procedures that have sort of go missing during the COVID surges. So, I’ll just remind everybody that in 2021, Q2 really proved to be the most profitable, most robust quarter of the year for both of our business segments after again, a very significant surge of COVID in January 2021, and we were really kind of built our original 2022 forecast off of that experience. And I think what we found is that particularly, again, on the acute side, that recovery of non-COVID volumes, which occurred earlier in 2021, it occurred in April and May and June 2021 has been just sort of extended out into the back half of the year. And I think that was the crux of Marc’s opening comments that we believe that demand has really been postponed or deferred and not, for the most part, lost in any significant way. And so we understand that we have a pretty significant forecast in the back half of the year for increasing volume and continued decreases in labor. But that was our experience during the quarter. The quarter got better sequentially with each month. July seems to be getting sequentially better than June. And so we’re encouraged. We know we have steep held decline, but we’re encouraged that those should still be achievable forecast.
Jason Cassorla: Got it. I appreciate that color. And maybe just a follow-up, just on the CapEx side. If I heard this correctly, it sounds like you’ve reduced CapEx spend the expectations by about 20%. And I think last quarter, you discussed that you’re taking CapEx spending in account on an episodic basis given the labor and volume backdrop. And perhaps, if you can give any more detail around the CapEx reduction and the developments there, that would be helpful.
Steve Filton: Yes. So a significant amount of our CapEx is on large projects. Obviously, there was a significant amount of money spent in the early part of the year to open the hospital in Reno. Capital spending on new hospitals is back-end loaded in the sense that a lot of it takes place in the month or two before the hospital opens when most of the equipment is delivered and installed and that’s a significant expense. But we also opened several new behavioral hospitals. We’ve talked about our projects to build new hospitals in California. We’re opening a new patient tower in Edinburg, Texas very shortly, et cetera. So those projects and all of our large projects, are difficult to really slow down or certainly stop in any efficient way. I think we’ve learned this over the years. So most of that reduction that I referred to is really in sort of discrete equipment spending and smaller capital projects that can be postponed or delayed. And I think we just felt it was kind of a prudent course to slow those projects at a time – twofold when earnings were pressured number one, but also when labor constraints were such an overarching issue, why build new capacity or open new capacity if we were going to have difficulty staffing it. So all of that is, I think, sort of being done in real time, and we’ll continue to monitor it. And if I think volumes begin to improve as we believe they have already begun to and believe they will continue to do so. We’ll make our judgments about restoring the pace of capital. But I would say for the foreseeable future, the pace of our capital spending will be moderated below what our original forecast for this year were.
Jason Cassorla: Got it. Thanks. Appreciate all the color.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Whit Mayo with SVB Securities.
Whit Mayo: Thanks. Steve, on the malpractice charge, is this a onetime prior year negative development? Or did you raise your estimates and reserves on a go-forward basis? I know we had a higher malpractice development last year. So just trying to understand kind of what you have in your plan now?
Steve Filton: Yes. Whit, I mean, I think – and I think we said this last year, our malpractice experience is that we’re not seeing an increased number of cases. And I think broadly, what our actuaries tell us is that this is the general experience across the country, but the value of cases that are being brought just is increasing at a fairly significant rate. So, you’re right. We did have an increase to our reserves last year. We did have an increase to our reserves in the second quarter of this year. We view it as a onetime thing in the sense that I think otherwise our malpractice expense and provision from our practice in the back half of the year will be as we originally forecasted.
Whit Mayo: So it’s the size of the claims, not the frequency of the claims.
Steve Filton: Correct.
Whit Mayo: Okay. And maybe just two other quick questions. I’m curious how the UK operations are performing now and if there was any sizable impact from currency in the quarter? And then if you could just talk a little bit about the surgical trends in the quarter, any service lines stronger, weaker than your expectations.
Steve Filton: Yes. So sort of do it backwards and hopefully remember everything. Surgical trends, as I said, I mean, I think we’re seeing what seems to be kind of a common theme, which is that our outpatient procedures tend to be growing faster than inpatient. Honestly, I’m not sure that’s a new development nor as I said earlier, do I think we see that sort of trend or that gap accelerating, but it’s certainly continuing. As far as within our surgical services, are they particularly strong or weak service lines within cardiology, orthopedics, et cetera, no, I don’t think so. I think they’re tending to all grow at around the same levels. As far as the UK goes, I think interestingly, with through most of the pandemic, I think our behavioral business in the UK has been a little bit more stable than the acute business, while they experienced many of the same issues, particularly with labor staffing because they tend to have a longer length of stay in smaller facilities, I just don’t think that they were quite as pressured as we are in the U.S. on that issue. So they’ve actually performed much closer to our forecast than the U.S. business. Now keep in mind, it’s still a pretty small part of the overall business. It’s about 5% of our consolidated revenues. As you point out, recently the UK economy has come under some significant pressure, the exchange rate has become unfavorable to us, again, because it’s such a small part of the business, it certainly has had an unfavorable impact, but I think it’s only a few million dollars in the quarter. And I think other than the sort of broad pressures on the UK economy and some of the taxes they’re implementing and raising their corporate taxes, there is some macro, I think unfavorable sorts of issues, but I think the underlying business in the UK continues to do very well.
Whit Mayo: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from the line of A. J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
A. J. Rice: Thanks. Hi, everybody. Maybe first, you mentioned, Steve, you’ve seen progression throughout the quarter and July trends looked like there at least as strong as June, if not a little better. Normal seasonal pattern would have you stepped down in the third quarter, probably in both businesses and then have a strong finish to the year in the fourth quarter. When you’re thinking about the way guidance lays out for the back half of the year, I know you don’t guide on a quarterly basis. But can you give us any flavor for how you’re thinking about the trajectory? Will it be a normal seasonal year? Or would it be somewhat different than that?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean I think almost by definition, if you sort of go through the math of our back half expectations for revenues and EBITDA, you have to see that we pretty much assume that kind of the normal seasonal progression that you alluded to. We’re assuming it’s going to be overcome by this kind of deferred and postponed demand. So we assume that the third quarter will be sequentially better than the fourth and the fourth will be sequentially better than the third and by a significant amount. And again, it’s this idea that I’m going to go back to what I was saying before, if you look at the recovery in 2021, the second quarter was the strongest of the year, which is, again, historically not the traditional seasonal pattern, but it was the emergence from the COVID surge sort of the pickup in volumes, the easing of labor pressures. We think all those things are occurring in 2022 as well. We just think they’re occurring in a sort of more elongated and slower pace. So that a good chunk of that recovery, a good chunk of that labor improvement will take place in quarters three and four this year rather than the way they did in quarter two of last year.
A. J. Rice: Okay. And then maybe I’ll ask on the behavioral business. You had a sequential improvement in margin of about 200 basis points that was encouraging. And that really didn’t come with a big rebound in volume or step-up in volume. Is that – how do you think then where do we go from here? Do you need volume to step up somewhat you get further margin improvement? Are there other things that are specific to the labor situation, whatever that suggest that you can see more margin improvement? And any sense of where you think that would ultimately settle out coming out of the pandemic?
Steve Filton: Yes. So look, I think you highlighted, A. J., kind of an important point in the way that COVID surges sort of manifest themselves and impact the two business segments, and I think they’re impacted quite differently. So on the acute care side; we have the COVID surge in January. And while COVID patients present a lot of sort of operating challenges for an acute care hospital from an earnings and financial perspective, there is a significant benefit to them. They’re high acuity patients, there’s very little bad debt or there had been very little bad debt because of government programs to cover the uncompensated COVID patients, et cetera. You’re running very efficiently, all that sort of stuff. So as those patients decline – as the COVID patients decline on the acute side, now there’s this sort of air bubble, if you will, created and you’ve got to fill that bubble with non-COVID business. And as I said, for a number of reasons, that’s been a more challenging and I think a slower recovery in 2022 than it was in 2021. As a result, the weakest month that we’ve had this year on the acute side of the business is April, and it has gotten better since then, as I’ve said, sequentially each month. Whereas on the behavioral side, the COVID surge is sort of immediately devastating. There’s really no benefit to it. It makes our staffing challenges wildly exacerbated. We have a lot of challenges when we have to isolate COVID patients and close beds, et cetera. So the weakest month of the year for our behavioral business this year has been January when we have the biggest COVID surge and then we’ve just generally seen a sequential improvement since then. But your overall point, I think, is well taken in order for us to meet our forecast that are out there, we clearly need an improvement in volumes, which again, I’m going to say, we believe the underlying demand in both businesses is there, as the labor situation eases, as the COVID surges ease, it should be easier to execute on those volume increases. We thought we would do it earlier in the year, but our revised forecast has slower and some of it, quite frankly, not even taking place in 2022, but that’s the crux of our revised forecast.
A. J. Rice: Okay. Maybe I’ll just slip in one last one because it hasn’t been addressed. It seems like some of the specialty hospital peers, whether it’s rehab or behavioral, they’re talking about seeing an uptick in acute care companies or entities being interested in doing joint ventures as they’re repositioning and trying to deal with their own labor challenges. Are you seeing that? Any update on discussions around potential JVs with other big health systems?
Steve Filton: Yes. No. Look, we’ve talked about this for some time that, yes, we think there are a significant number of acute care hospitals who have existing behavioral services either a dedicated floor or a discrete building in which they’re offering behavioral services, but feel like they’re not terribly efficient or focused on delivering those services and are looking for a partner who is more expert, more experienced in doing that. We mentioned earlier that we had a number of de novos open this year in Wisconsin, our first behavioral hospital in Wisconsin, in Iowa, in Missouri. We’ve had the Iowa and Missouri hospitals are joint ventures with acute care hospitals. We have a number more in the pipeline. So I think it’s an accurate comment that you’re hearing from others, I think we’re trying to measure that against sort of a real uptick in capital investment at a time when there are challenges in opening new capacity with labor, et cetera. So I think we’re trying to create a pipeline that – of these joint ventures that can be absorbed in a sort of proper way without creating a drag in earnings. But yes, I think we have said for some time, we think that the opportunity to joint venture with some acute care hospitals and probably even more importantly, some acute care hospital systems to offer behavioral services. We have said for some time, we think that the opportunity to joint venture with some acute care hospitals and probably even more importantly, some acute care hospital systems to offer behavioral services is a significant opportunity over the next five or seven years.
A. J. Rice: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ben Hendrix with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Ben Hendrix: Hey, thank you very much. Just to follow up on the behavioral side. Certainly, you mentioned that the volumes have got sequentially a little bit better since low point in January, but they seemed to trend a little bit better than we had expected. It seemed to be a little bit better than some commentary for your peers on behavioral. I was just wondering if you could – are there any particular areas that you saw or were a little bit different from your expectations. And just how that’s trending in general? And if there were any particular mix issues with payer mix or if there was any kind of patient mix that deviated from your original expectations? Thanks.
Steve Filton: No, Ben, I think we tried to alluded to before, the main challenge for our behavioral hospitals during the pandemic has been a lack of staff. And as a consequence, we feel like we’ve had to turn away significant numbers of patients because we didn’t have adequate staff to treat those patients, mostly RNs, but in some cases, therapists, physicians, psychologists, family counselors, and in other cases, non-professionals, mental health technicians, et cetera. Progress in that area has been slow, but since the COVID decline in January, especially, we’ve made a lot of progress. And I think more than anything else that has allowed us to make incremental improvements in our volumes. And I think those have continued into July, and our expectation is they’ll continue into the balance of the year. But I don’t know that it’s in any particular service line or payer I think, again, it is more than anything a reflection of the fact that we are slowly getting our arms around the labor scarcity issue, increasing our net hires, experimenting – maybe not even experimenting anymore, but implementing new patient care models that rely somewhat less on RNs and on other caregivers so that the ultimate total care that’s given to patients and attention that’s given to patients is the same and it’s the same quality, but just not as reliant on registered nurses.
Ben Hendrix: Thanks. And just a quick follow-up on the CapEx side. I know you talked about a reduction in CapEx and part of that going to discrete equipment spending. But is there any particular color you can give us on in priorities for those cuts kind of in the equipment side? Thanks.
Steve Filton: No. I mean, it’s really – I think we’re making discrete decisions in – for each hospital and every market based on where are they sort of struggling, if we invest in new equipment, will they be able to have the staff to realize the benefits of that investment? Or should we wait until the staffing issues resolve themselves. But no, I wouldn’t say that it’s functionally we’re not buying CTs, but we are buying MRIs. It’s not that sort of thing. I think we’re making these individual judgments about where it makes sense to postpone or wait on an investment until we are not as sort of capacity constrained from a labor perspective.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. I apologize to some of these questions because sometimes it gets confusing to me about whether we’re talking about acute or behavioral volumes. So maybe just to clarify, when you talked about labor being the biggest headwinds of volume growth you talked about the behavioral side more than the acute side? Because it sounded like in Q2 as more COVID dropped and then core didn’t come back rather than a staffing issue on the acute it. Do I have that right? Or would you say labor is also a real gating factor to volume growth in acute?
Steve Filton: Yes. So thanks, Kevin. It’s a good question, and I probably should have been a little more precise in my commentary. I think absolutely from the beginning of the pandemic, we have talked about the major headwind or gating factor on the behavioral side as being the labor capacity constraint and shortage. But I do believe that in Q2, and I think on the acute side, through most of the pandemic, the issue has been – we’ve been able to fill most of our vacancies, but we’ve had to do so at an extremely high cost. And therefore, on the acute side, most of the focus has been on that premium pay rather than sort of an absolute scarcity or vacancy sort of an issue. I will say that in Q2, we did see that issue arise in the acute care segment. I don’t know that we saw it pervasively. I don’t know that it was the single biggest issue by any stretch. But for instance, I think our surgical volumes overall were impacted in some of our markets by a lack of anesthesia coverage, anesthesiologists and their assistance, et cetera, tend to be independent contractors, not our employees. So it’s not necessarily something we’re in direct control of. But we were hearing feedback during the quarter that we were having to limit surgery schedules, et cetera, in some markets because there simply weren’t enough anesthesia – wasn’t enough anesthesia coverage. Same thing in some markets, we had to go on emergency room divert because we didn’t have simply enough staff in the emergency rooms, et cetera. Again, I don’t know that it was a pervasive issue in the acute care space in Q2. But I do think it contributed to the Q2 weakness in a way that we hadn’t necessarily seen before.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. I guess when we hear some of the other companies talk about how they think about managing their business during this labor shortage. Some companies that we’ve just deemphasized certain business lines because it doesn’t make sense from labor is $150 an hour. And therefore, are growing more slowly. I haven’t heard you guys talk about that. I mean when you think about cutting back on CapEx because it might just be hard to staff to that growth, I mean, are you at all changing your model or your thought about managing through this? Or just trying to understand the thought process has changed and what, if any, implications are for volume growth or margin improvement from here over the next few quarters.
Steve Filton: Yes. Look, Kevin, I think that the notion that where there’s a labor scarcity, you’re going to want to emphasize your high-margin service lines and deemphasize your low-margin service lines is sort of theoretically an attractive idea and something that I think we do and we do all the time to the degree that we’re able to. I do also believe that in a business in which at least half of our patients or more than half of our patients, but about maybe half of our admissions come through the emergency room, I’m sure you can understand that that’s not an easy business to control, and you basically take what comes in and you treat those patients same thing. OB, as an example, tends to be one of a lower-margin service lines in most hospitals. But when a woman comes into the hospital in labor, there’s really no option to do anything but to treat that women, and that’s of course, what we do. So again, I’ve heard what the other companies say, and I think we certainly try and do it to the degree that we can. But I also believe that in a hospital, there’s really a limit to how much of that you can do. I think what we can do in terms of being selective in our business is what I alluded to before in terms of managed care contracting. We don’t have to be in network with managed care payers who are not offering us adequate rates, et cetera. So I think in that regard, that’s an easier sort of function to manage because you can sort of do that in advance. And if somebody is out of network, they’re either going to pay a higher price or they’re going to go to another hospital. But that’s something that I think you can deal with in a more, in my mind, more sort of measured and rational way, and we certainly have talked about that now for several quarters.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. Great. And then maybe just last question. I guess, on the psych side, demand has been strong for a number of years, and you guys have been growing slower than how we think about overall demand in psych even before the last couple of years during the pandemic. So just trying to think about, what it means when labor gets better from here, but maybe it’s a little bit elevated than it was in 2019? So like what exactly does that mean from growth? Can you then grow from the way that we think about how this business should be growing in that type of labor environment? Or does that still create a situation where labor is still tight and so they’re still going to be struggles to kind of get to where that business should be? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So Kevin, I go back to late 2019 right before the pandemic, I’m going to say November, December of 2019; January, February of 2020. And you’re right; we were coming off some challenging years. We had seen labor shortages back in 2015 and 2016 that I think we had largely overcome. We saw length-of-stay pressures in 2017 and 2018 from our managed Medicaid payers; I think we have largely overcome. And I would say that four, five month period, late 2019, early 2020; I think we were generally feeling like we were firing on all cylinders for the first time in a long time. And it certainly was still a tight labor market. But there’s a difference between sort of a tight labor market and one in which there are extreme scarcity, which I characterized the way it was during the pandemic. So we had, I think, a four or five month period of kind of just a brief window to see what it would be like to be able to operate without any significant sort of overarching headwinds still in the tight labor market. And we were doing pretty well during that short period. And then, of course, the pandemic occurs in the middle of March of 2020. I think that’s really kind of what we’re shooting for. And I don’t know that we’re going to get back to that environment in the next month or the next quarter. But I think, we feel like it’s not something that’s so far away that we can’t see getting there. And I think we feel like there’s a lot of incremental improvement as we return to an environment where we ought to be able to grow the behavioral business revenues in sort of mid- to upper single digits, which we have done for a very long time for a decade and half or so before all this started. And I think that’s the overall plan. And we’re very focused on it. I think Marc alluded to all the money that we’ve invested in recruitment and retention initiatives. We think that there’s a real payoff to all those things over the next couple of years. And again, fundamentally, every measure that we have is that there’s still significant demand out there for behavioral and that, quite frankly, demand for behavioral services is probably in the general population increase during the pandemic rather than decreased.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Pito Chickering: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for fitting in me here. A couple of quick questions. A follow-up question for A.J.’s guidance questions. We said our models appropriately. – historically about 46% of your EBITDA in the back half of the year comes in 3Q and the rest in 4Q, which means that 3Q, EBITDA about 420 [ph] ballpark. Is that just the right range we should be focusing on?
Steve Filton: Yes. So Pito, as you know, we don’t give quarterly guidance. And I think, as I’ve mentioned a number of times, we’re not going to start doing it during the pandemic when I think there’s greater uncertainties. But I think you’re right. I mean I think in the sense that – those percentages are probably reasonable. I think what we’ve – what I’ve said earlier is, clearly, we’ve back loaded more of our earnings into the back half of 2022 than we are in the normal year. And I think what you’re suggesting is there still has to be some level of seasonality. The third quarter is when our patients and our physicians take their vacations, et cetera, during the summertime. So I’m not going to say that those are the right numbers. But I think the thought process is certainly reasonable.
Pito Chickering: Great. And then a multipart question for you just back on the labor topic. I guess the first one is, as you look at your RN hourly wage in January versus June or July; have those changed at all in 2022? Or are they stable? And then the same question for techs and LPNs. Are you hiring a lot more LPNs and techs than you used to? And are we seeing sequential labor pressures from those rates? And then finally, can you refresh us on what percent of S&B is RNs and non-RNs? Thanks so much.
Steve Filton: Yes. So – the answer, I think, as I think every business in America is facing is we’re having a harder time hiring just about everybody. And again, as – not like I follow other industries as closely as some of the folks on this phone but certainly, everything I read, everything I talk to peers, et cetera, indicates that hiring – quite frankly, hiring people even here in our corporate office is more challenging than it was pre-pandemic. So yes, I mean I think that’s all a challenge. I think what we said a number of times, however, is that while there is certainly some upward pressure on nursing rates and RN rates, in some ways, the pressure has been so great and the opportunities have been so great for nurses to work in these temporary and traveling jobs that raising their rates has really not even been sort of an appropriate reaction. So if a nurse is leaving to take a traveling job in which she is going to earn four times or five times our base salary, there’s really nothing we can offer him or her to compete with that. And so what we do is we try and look at the competitive rates in the market, base rates for RNs, et cetera. But we’re not trying to match those sort of crazy opportunities that nurses are finding in the temporary and traveling area. And what we also have found is that as COVID surges decline, the number of those crazy opportunities decline pretty precipitously as well. So again, I believe back to this, I mean, I think that the labor situation will continue to be a tight one for some time. I think there’ll be upward pressure on nursing rates for some time, but just not nearly the sort of crazy kind of opportunities and crazy pressures we felt when we were paying $225 an hour for a temporary nurse, et cetera, those rates, I think have come down almost by half since their height.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then the hiring of techs and LPNs. Does that sort of change today versus pre-COVID. Do you think that, that sort of this level of LPNs, techs versus RNs, do you think this is right level going forward?
Steve Filton: Yes. Look, what I think is ultimately going to happen, and certainly, we’re doing our best to encourage it is we’re going to see more people enter the workforce as – what we do is we encourage our mental health technicians to go to school and become LPNs or some certified clinical person, we encourage our LPNs to get their RN degrees, et cetera. And obviously, we’re providing help and support for them to do that. So hopefully, over the course of the next few years, not just UHS, but the industry will build a better pipeline. And what we found is that occurs sort of naturally when there is a nursing shortage. Obviously, I think what the pandemic did was it exacerbated that shortage and so made it occur almost overnight in a way that – that’s not something we’ve experienced before. But I think the overall reactions or focus on building a bigger pipeline of sort of nurse education, progression, et cetera. We’ll start to have a real impact over the course of the next couple of years.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Steve Filton for any closing remarks.
Steve Filton: None other than we thank everybody for their time. And wish everybody a good rest of the summer. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Universal Health Services, Inc. First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to hand the conference over to our speaker today, Steve Filton, CFO. Please go ahead. 
Steve Filton: Thank you, Mary. Good morning. Marc Miller is also joining us this morning. We welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2022.
 During the conference call, we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend the careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021.
 We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.02 for the first quarter of 2022. After adjusting for the impact of the item reflected on the Supplemental Schedule, as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $2.15 for the quarter ended March 31, 2022.
 During the first quarter of 2022, our operations continued to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic as well as pressures on staffing and wage rates. Specifically a surge in patients with the Omicron variant of the virus, which began in December of 2021, tended to peak in most of our geographies in January of 2022. In our acute segment, we would note, in general, the Omicron patients were less acutely ill than the COVID patients treated in previous surges and thus display lower acuity.
 Meanwhile, the amount of contract nursing hours used, and even more importantly, the rate we had to pay for those hours, increased significantly in the first quarter, both on a sequential basis as well as a year-to-year -- in a year-to-year comparison. Although in our behavioral segment contract nursing cost did not increase quite as dramatically, our inability to fit all of our labor -- to fill all of our labor vacancies had a notable limiting impact on our patient volumes and related revenues.  
 We do note that our results were benefited in the first quarter from approximately $12 million of revenues net of related provider taxes from special Texas Medicaid reimbursements, which related to the last 4 months of 2021. Recognition of those revenues were deferred until formal government approval was obtained.
 Our first quarter also included approximately $15 million of startup losses incurred by recently opened de novo acute and behavioral health facilities and $6 million of losses related to temporarily closed beds at 2 behavioral health facilities, which were impacted by natural disasters. Those beds have since been reopened.  
 As disclosed in our last night's press release, our operating results for the first quarter of 2022 were unfavorably impacted by labor costs that were higher than anticipated and patient volumes at our behavioral health facilities that were lower than anticipated due to the continued uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic as well as cost escalations related to the nationwide shortage of nurses and other clinical staff. Although we're not changing our previously released 2022 operating results forecast at this time, we may make reductions to our forecast at a future date if the unfavorable operating trends experienced during the first quarter of 2022 do not improve. 
 Our cash generated from operating activities was $445 million during the first quarter of 2022 as compared to $72 million during the same period in 2021. We note that first quarter 2021 cash generation reflected the repayment of the Medicare accelerated payments. We spent $200 million of capital expenditures during the first quarter of 2022, our accounts receivable days outstanding decreased to 48 days during the first quarter of 2022 as compared to 50 days in the first quarter of 2021.
 Due in large part to the continued repurchasing of our shares at March 31, 2022, our ratio of debt to total capitalization increased to 42.3% as compared to 35.7% at March 31, 2021. 
Marc Miller: Our first quarter 2022 operating results were behind our internal forecasts, and our internal forecasts were below the consensus estimates. The primary driver of the shortfall was the fact that the labor scarcity has not moderated as quickly as we were expecting. We believe, in part, this is because at the height of the Omicron surge, providers were entering into longer-term commitments for temporary or traveling nurses, not necessarily predicting that COVID volumes would decline as rapidly as they ultimately did. 
 We do believe that the demand for this premium-priced labor will continue to gradually decline. In the meantime, we continue to invest heavily in recruitment and retention initiatives and have substantially increased the pace of our hiring. Where appropriate, we are also developing alternative patient care models that allow us to use a wider variety of available caregivers to render the most efficient and highest quality of care that we can.  
 While the pace of the recovery from the current labor scarcity is still uncertain, we're comfortable that it will occur over time and combined with our confidence in the long-term baseline demand in both of our business segments, our bullish view of the underlying strength of our core businesses remains intact. Reflective of that sentiment, we remained an active acquirer of our own shares in the first quarter, repurchasing $350 million of those shares.  
 At the same time, we continue to reinvest organically opening the new acute care hospital in the Reno market and behavioral de novo and/or joint venture hospitals in Arizona, Michigan and Wisconsin. At this time, we're pleased to answer your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Nephron Research. 
Marco Criscuolo: This is actually Marco on for Josh. Just to start with the behavioral side, it looks like volumes came in below expectations due to the continued capacity constraints. So I wanted to get your view what is the ultimate solution to attracting more staff to meet the strong underlying demand you're speaking about. I mean it doesn't sound like raising base wages is enough at this point. Or do you think this is just more of a structural impediment in behavioral care for the foreseeable future? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So we've talked about this at some length before. I think the solution and -- as I think our prepared remarks indicated, we don't think this problem gets solved overnight, but we do believe it will continue to gradually improve. Number one, I think the market dynamics -- and we've been through nursing shortages before in our tenure, although this one is certainly probably more severe than anything we previously experienced.  
 But the system will generate more nurses and other clinical personnel because wages are going up and will become a more attractive profession. And that supply of newer nurses will be helpful. At the same time, and Marc alluded to this in his remarks, we've really upped our investment in recruitment and hiring initiatives, the number of people involved in those processes making sure that our wage structures in every market are as competitive as they can be. We're reviewing competitive wage rates in most markets, multiple times a year, whereas historically that's a process that took place maybe once every year, once every other year. We're changing patient care models, even Marc referred to that as well.
 And again, we're seeing the beginnings of improvement in those areas. So you specifically were asking about behavioral. I think we've been on the behavioral side of things, hiring nurses and other clinicians at record rates now for -- record historical rates for us for well over 6 or 8 months. The real challenge is on the back end, where the turnover rates continue to go up and that's the challenge that I think providers around the country are facing.  
 But I think the encouraging thing for us is at least in the last few periods, our net hires are actually positive. Now again, I don't mean to imply that the problem has been solved, but I think we think it will continue to get better. And as we continue to have net positive hires, it should allow us to treat more patients and that patient day number, which was slightly negative in Q1 compared to last year, should turn positive in the near future, that would be the whole and continue to improve from there because, again, as I think Marc indicated in his prepared comments, we believe the underlying demand is there. We believe that for a long time, not really -- that quarterly has not changed at all. 
Operator: We have a question from Matt Borsch from BMO Capital Markets. 
Benjamin Rossi: You have Ben Rossi here filling in for Matt. Just regarding the recent release of the Medicare IPPS proposal contract for 2023, I can appreciate that there are still some moving pieces, but I was curious if you could provide us with the projection for your rates from that proposal. And then more broadly, how you feel about CMS factoring this inflationary pressure? And whether you think that CMS will start to factor that in more accurately as we look out to 2024 and beyond? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So as you suggest, there are a number of moving parts in the release When we do the calculation for the best of our ability, we think that the net blended increase for UHS hospitals will be about 2.5%. That is pretty much the number that we included in our guidance for the year, beginning in October, which is the beginning of the federal fiscal year.
 I think, along with the rest of the hospital industry, we were disappointed that Medicare and CMS did not seem to acknowledge the inflationary pressures and particularly the labor inflation the hospitals across the country are experiencing. I suspect that in this period between the preliminary and final rates, Medicare will come under significant pressure from lobbying groups across the country, representing hospitals of all stripes and sizes.
 Now to your question, what impact will that have on CMS this year or next year? It's hard to know. But we certainly had feedback both I think formally and informally from peers, both for-profit and not-for-profit peers, both in our markets and in other markets across the country that hospitals are struggling, again, particularly on the labor side. And certainly, they will be making Medicare and CMS aware of that as acutely as they can over the course of the next week to few weeks and months. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Mok from UBS. 
Andrew Mok: Steve, can you provide more detail for how labor expenses trended in the quarter relative to internal expectations in each of the segments? And exiting the quarter and into April, what level of improvement have you seen in contract labor rates? What are the expectations there for the balance of the year? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So the cadence of the year so far, Andrew, obviously, January still had very high Omicron volumes in many of our geographies. In some of those geographies, the Omicron volumes really didn't recede until the end of January, in some cases, even early February. And so labor was definitely an overarching issue on the first, I'll call it, 4 to 6 weeks of the quarter.  
 I think what was disappointing in terms of our expectations was that the labor scarcity, again, I think we said this in our prepared remarks, did not recede or ease as much as we thought in the final 6 to 8 weeks of the quarter as COVID volumes receded relatively rapidly. And again, I think as Marc alluded to in his comments, we think some of that was that hospitals were making longer-term commitments.  
 I know a number of our commitments to temporary or traveling nurses instead of being for 1 week or 4 weeks where in many cases, for 8 or even 13 weeks, and we've certainly heard of other hospitals making commitments for even longer than that. And so to some degree, I think we found labor issues to be kind of stickier and more difficult to navigate in the back half of the quarter than we were expecting.   
 I also think it's complicated when you have a tight labor situation in March and April, going through Spring break and the Easter and Passover holidays and people, I think, resuming their normal kind of vacation plans and this and that for the first time in a few years, it made, again, sort of backfilling and getting back to sort of a normal labor supply and demand dynamic a little more challenging.
 I think in both of our business segments, the hope is that in May, as the calendar sort of settles down, as we have more success in hiring more success in sort of trimming that turnover rate, become a little bit more aggressive and not entering into nearly as many longer-term commitments on the temporary and traveling side of things, rejecting the highest rates that those temporary and traveling companies are demanding, we'll see some relief, some measurable relief we will be getting in the May time. 
Andrew Mok: Got it. Can you help quantify the moderation in contract related rates that you've seen in the market thus far? 
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, again, the first quarter was a quarter of escalating, I'll say dollars especially. On the acute side, we talked about our premium pay in Q4 as being $120 million, that increased in Q1 to $150 million and compares to Q1 of '21 when it was $70 million. So the overall dollars premium pay certainly increased in Q1. We are seeing a reduction in rates at the very end of Q1 and into April, and we presume that will continue into Q2. But it's difficult to say the exact pace at which they're decelerating, but certainly, we're seeing decelerating rates. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. 
Justin Lake: I wanted to start off following up on that question around labor. So Steve, you talked about $120 million going to $150 million. How do you expect that within the guidance to kind of play out through the year?  Are you assuming a pretty material decline there as we go through the year in terms of that temp labor? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So Justin, I think our commentary has been pretty consistent really beginning with our third quarter call in October of last year into our year-end call in February. And that commentary has sort of suggested that the labor recovery was happening slower than we expected.  
 First of all, it was clearly set back by the Omicron surge in December of '21 and then January of '22. That definitely set things back from where our expectations were in the fall of last year. But even, as I said, even from our commentary that we made just 2 months ago when we issued our guidance and did our year-end announcement, I think the recovery is clearly slower than we expected. And obviously, I think that's been true at least for 2 of our acute care peers, who I think have made similar comments in the last week or so. 
 Our original guidance always presume that it was certainly a different cadence than has been the historically normative cadence for our company that earnings would improve as the year went on. And then the fundamental driver of that sort of cadence in that trajectory is the idea that labor pressures would ease as the year went on.  I think it's worth noting in terms of the labor pressures being greater than we expected in Q1, we certainly acknowledge that our earnings missed our own internal forecast. Again, Marc suggested, we were off of our forecast. We were about 5% or 6% off of our forecast in Q1, we know that we were probably 11% or 12% off of consensus.  
 But I think we have a sense that we may be able to recover that as the year goes on. Now again, as our press release indicated, if the labor recovery does not occur as fast as we think that it will, we may have to revise that guidance later in the year, but we're at the moment still hopeful that, that improving cadence will occur as the year goes on. 
Justin Lake: Okay. But is there a number you can give us, Steve, in terms of like -- it's really helpful, you're saying $120 million and $150 million in the last 2 quarters. Is there a number that you can anchor us to in terms of where you think this is going to go through the year? 
Steve Filton: Yes. I think what I would say is, look, I don't know that any of us know where it's going to go. I think what our guidance presumed is that by the end of the year, we would add a minimum return to kind of last year's pace. And like I said, in the fourth quarter of last year, the premium pay was sort of that $70 million range, et cetera.  
 And it's really important to understand that, that incremental, let's call it, $50 million of premium pay is essentially it hit -- direct hit to the bottom line because we're not getting any more nurses for that. We're getting the same amount of nurses for the most part and just paying premium rates for them.
 So as those premium rates go down -- I mean, as the premium rates have risen, they've clearly put a real strain on our earnings and on our peers' earnings. But as they come down, you get that same benefit. You'll be replacing a temporary nurse with an employee nurse who's making maybe 1/3 of what that temporary nurse was making. 
Justin Lake: Okay. So to just put some math around this to finish it up, you're talking about $150 million going down to $70 million by the end of the year. But you haven't seen any -- actually, it sounds like you've seen a little bit of a moderation in the payment terms, but not much of a moderation in the hours, right, even through April. Is there anything you can point us to that's saying you've got visibility here? And if not, why not just take down the guidance and assume some more conservative path through the year? 
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean so honestly, Justin, I have to confess being a little bit frustrated, 2 months ago, we issued guidance that I think was more conservative generally than our peers. And at least from a number of quarters, I think we were wrongly criticized for that, that we explain but we express too much caution about how quickly this labor situation would resolve itself, et cetera.  
 Now 2 months later, some people and you, in the moment, are saying, "Okay, now you're being too aggressive." All we're suggesting, I think, and again, I don't mean to imply that we're saying that the labor situation has turned or where we have 100% certainty that it will or when it will. I think we're just suggesting that more time is not an unreasonable sort of request for people to have 2 months after that guidance was initially issued. I pointed to a number of metrics. I said our net hires, in the behavioral segment, it turned positive in the last few periods. I suggested that we're seeing lowering rates, et cetera, again, not needing to imply that there's a complete turnaround here. But I do think there's enough of these sort of early indicators that things are improving to a degree that makes us think that, that 6% shortfall from our own internal forecast that we experienced in Q1 can be maybe partially or completely recovered as the year progresses. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Baxter from Wells Fargo. 
Stephen Baxter: I appreciate the commentary on the impact of behavioral volumes from labor. I was hoping you could help us think about a little bit operationally about what happened in the acute care business in the quarter? So when we look at it, I guess, against baseline levels, it does seem like the adjusted admissions took a step back versus where you've been running over the past 3 quarters. I guess those quarters also had some COVID impact to them. 
 So just trying to understand, was there an impact on the volume side? And I guess if there was an impact on the volume side, it does seem like you're using a greater quantity of contract labor against that? What does that mean for how you maybe your retention rates are performing? 
Steve Filton: Yes. I think it's worth noting that the COVID volumes, again, and this is really acute care commentary, were so high in the beginning of the year that -- even though they declined fairly rapidly, our acute care segment finished the quarter with about 14% of their admissions for the quarter being COVID diagnoses.
 And that's about as high as we've run during the 2-plus years of the pandemic. So I know people tend to have sort of recency bias and they think of COVID being behind us, et cetera, but COVID played a significant part in Q1. And on the acute side, that's challenging because it's challenging on the labor side, as we've discussed, it's challenging on our ability to have effective throughput with non-COVID cases and procedural cases, et cetera.  
 I think by the end of the quarter, most of the operational sort of throughput in terms of patients, et cetera, have returned in large part to normal. But again, those labor pressures persisted late into the quarter, maybe in some cases, even into April, because I think of this phenomenon -- and I make the point that it's not only our commitment that we're locked into longer-term commitments for nurses but to the extent that the nurse is who we think will ultimately return to our facilities are locked into longer-term commitments at other facilities or other geographies that has to play out before those nurses will ultimately return to us. 
 And while we certainly acknowledge that some of those nurses probably don't return anytime soon and are more committed to sort of that traveling or temporary or lifestyle, we do believe, and I think both our internal and external data suggests, that more and more of those nurses are not going to pursue that lifestyle indefinitely. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Cassorla from Citi. 
Jason Cassorla: I just wanted to go to CapEx quickly. Just in context of this continued kind of pressured labor environment, does it change how you're thinking about the pacing or timing for future capital deployment priorities, as it relates specifically to service line build-out or investment in equipment or otherwise at this juncture? 
Steve Filton: So what I would say is, we certainly have to take that into account on an episodic basis. Each project we look at and try to make a determination on market factors. So for capital equipment, things like that, probably no change. But for the larger projects, in general, we look at them specifically and taking into account each factor or all the factors in a particular market that might affect that project. And in some cases, we'll choose to hold at least for a period of time until we feel better about what's happening in a particular market. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering from Deutsche Bank. 
Pito Chickering: A couple of ones here. With what you've seen in the first quarter, it looks like labor pressure is continuing in April before hopefully turning in May. And because you said that The Street first quarter estimates were 5% to 6% higher than your own internal estimates, any chance you can give us a range for how we should think about 2Q sequentially or percent of the annual EBITDA, just so we get this number right? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So I'm not exactly sure what you're asking. I mean we've discussed on many occasions, Pito, we don't give quarterly guidance and that's an intentional decision on our part. As I said, we were 6% short of our own internal forecast in Q1. 
 And I think part of the reason that we particularly enumerated some of those startup losses and nonrecurring losses in our prepared remarks was we were potentially suggesting a reason why I think we budgeted for those things probably more accurately than The Street was able to. I don't know that for a fact. I don't know that that's the main difference between our internal forecast in Q1 versus the consensus, but I think it's a possible explanation. 
 I think, again, our perspective is that EBITDA basically gradually increases as the year goes on, which again is different than what would be our normal historical cadence. But again, getting back to this idea, in order to make up that 6% shortfall in Q1, we have to be a couple of percentage points higher in each of the next quarters on average to still get to the midpoint of our guidance. Again, I don't think we think that's a certainty by any stretch. It's a difficult environment. But I think we certainly don't feel at this point that we would say with precision that we can't get there. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. Great. And then can you provide some of our gross hires as to net hires in the fourth quarter versus 1 quarter -- or first quarter. How is it tracking in April? And basically, any color on turnover? Is it consistent? Is it getting better or turning worse? And then the third tag on there is as I think about turnover, it means that your wages are uncompetitive and that you may need to increase those rates? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So I mean, as I said in an earlier comment, this question of whether wages are competitive is certainly far from a static question and literally we are doing competitive market reviews in all of our markets. In some cases, as frequently as quarterly, I mean, that's how quickly the supply and demand dynamics are changing. But again, the point that I would make is the labor or the wage pressure that we're feeling, I'll speak to the acute business, in particular, is not from the increases that we're giving from an underlying wage perspective, but it's from that premium pay. 
 And as that premium pay declines, even if we're increasing our wages -- our base wages by 100 basis points or 150 basis points, the economics are such that we benefit greatly if -- again, the example that I was giving before, I think, in response to Justin's question, if our premium pay goes from $150 million that we spent in Q1 to the $70 million we spent a year ago, that benefit drops almost directly to the patient -- to the bottom line. 
 Now again, it's not going to happen immediately. It will take some time, probably gets offset a little by underlying wage increases, but there's still an enormous amount of leverage that comes from being able to reduce that number. The challenge that all the hospitals, in general, have had is that number has been increasing. And the sense is, I think, at the moment, that we're getting pretty close to the peak if we're not there. And now I think the focus and all of our calculations are how quickly can it be reduced? I don't think there's a sense that, that number is likely to go up anymore in any significant way. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. Great. And then sort of 2 quick follow-ups here. Supply inflation, we're going to hear from suppliers about sort of pushing costs on the hospitals. I guess, what are you seeing from supplies? And then from medical devices, are you guys seeing inflationary pressures getting pushed to you on the supply side? 
Steve Filton: Yes. Look, I think like every -- both business and personal consumer, we're seeing inflation affecting all of our spend -- but the labor inflation -- and again, I'm not even sure I would describe it as inflation per se. But what I would describe as the reliance on this premium pay is so much denominating dynamic in the space that even with inflation -- 2 things, I think if we see those premium rates come down, we'll get a direct benefit from that. 
 And I think as we see those premium rates come down, we'll also see our own hiring improve, and particularly on the behavioral side, that will allow our volumes to increase and that will provide a pretty significant offset to those inflation rates. So again, inflation is definitely a factor. But I think we have a point of view that if we can solve the labor scarcity problem that will more than overwhelm the pressures that we're feeling from increased inflation. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ann Hynes from Mizuho. 
Ann Hynes: Can you let us know what is embedded in guidance for base labor wage rates and what that compares to on a historical basis? Is your estimate tracking in line with your estimates? And then how should we think about that in 2023? I know it's early, but just given wages as a big -- biggest cost structure, we probably want to assume the right pressure point for next year? 
Steve Filton: Yes. Sorry, and we talked I think about it, just a little bit, in the Q4 call. I mean I think if pre-pandemic our wage inflation was, let's say, on the acute side 3%, 3.5%; on the behavioral side, it was probably 2%, 2.5%, I think post pandemic, we're thinking those rates are up 100, 150, maybe even 200 basis points.
 I think we think those rates ease some in 2023 for a number of reasons that we've already talked about. But again, I think when we do that math, if we're replacing nurses who were making $65 or $70 an hour with temporary or traveling nurses who are making $225 an hour, that's really the drag on our earnings in the current period. 
 If we ultimately replace those nursing hours that we were paying $225 for $75, even though that's a reasonable increase from what we had been paying pre-pandemic, it's still an enormous improvement over where we're sitting right now. 
Ann Hynes: All right. And then just a follow-up question. When I think about the nursing issue, like the acute care seems very obvious. You have the premium rates, you had COVID spikes and that should come down. But I struggle more with the behavioral side and whether there are some structural shift in nursing going on? I guess, what is your view on that? 
 And is there anything you can do to reduce your reliance on nurses. And if it is more structural in nature, would you consider portfolio rationalization, like in certain markets? Are you closing units right now? And maybe I know you've gotten a lot of nursing staff, but do you have like an absolute number of nurses you had pre-pandemic and what it is versus now in the behavioral business? I'm just curious to see how much your nursing staff has been reduced and what you have to overcome to return to growth. 
Steve Filton: Yes. So again, we've talked about this. The most difficult position generally to fill during the pandemic has been the registered nurse position on both the acute and the behavioral side. And we're experimenting -- more than experimenting, I think we're implementing newer models of patient care that rely less heavily on the RMs and more heavily on LPNs and LVMs and paramedics and all sorts of other folks who are rendering care. 
 And not what the -- I always want to make this point very clear, we're not having people practice the phrase that gets used in the prevention is above their license. What we're trying to do is relieve our RNs from doing more clerical and administrative work than they need to do. Somebody else can answer the phone, somebody else could speak with families, somebody else can change the sheets in the room, whatever it may be, and let's allow the nurses to do the things that are at the top of their license, doing psychological assessments and behavioral care and delivering medication and all those sort of things. So that's really a big focus of ours. 
 Now again, to be fair, those sorts of patient care model changes take some time to hire the other non-RN positions, takes some time to train people, takes some time for people to get oriented, et cetera. But we think we're making incremental improvement in those areas, and we'll continue to do so. As far as portfolio rationalization, no, we're not really -- I think we're closing down capacity temporarily when we don't have sufficient clinical staff to treat patients. But I think we've talked about this again in previous calls, we are, I think, rationalizing our capacity to a degree as we're negotiating our managed care contracts. 
 If our managed care payers are not giving us sufficient increases to recognize this elevated level of labor cost, we're canceling some of those contracts. We're changing payer mix, et cetera. So I think we're rationalizing capacity of the portfolio in that way. And I think -- and I said this earlier, we're also saying no to some of the really, really egregious temporary and traveling rates, where we're just saying, "Look, it doesn't make sense for us to pay XYZ for a nurse if we're only getting paid ABC from a payer." And so I think unlike some providers we don't have the point of view that we're going to pay whatever it takes for a nurse. I think in some cases, we believe that it just makes sense to rationalize using near term some of the capacity and just run a lower volume for a period of time until rates come into a more normalized range. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sarah James from Barclays. 
Sarah James: I'm trying to run through some of the -- you said that you were 5% to 6% of internal forecast in behavioral [Technical Difficulty] $19 million to $20 million and acute premium pay went up 30%. Can you give us what site it was? I know last quarter you said it was about $25 million to $30 million in premium pay for the year. And then were there any positive offsets? Because it seems like they're -- there were to get to that 5% to 6% of the internal forecast. 
Steve Filton: Yes. So Sarah, I mean, what we've talked about before is that -- the premium pay on the behavioral side is much less of an issue than it is on the acute side. It's probably 1/3 or lower. And when you talk about premium pay as well as things like retention bonuses and sign-on bonuses, et cetera, the real issue on the behavioral side is insufficient volume and revenue growth. So in Q1, our adjusted patient days were I think 1% below the prior year. Our overall revenue growth was 3.5% to 4%. Clearly, those -- that level of growth in both volume and revenue is not sufficient to support the increased labor inflation and just the general inflation we're experiencing. 
 But it's not -- the issue on the behavioral side is not to get rid of the premium pay, but that's certainly a goal as well. But the real issue on the behavioral side is to hire sufficient clinical staff and to change the patient care model to hire sufficient clinical staff so that our patient days are growing at least at their historical normal levels of 3% to 4% a year. 
Sarah James: Okay. And then earlier in the call, you talked about considering expanding into alternative care models. What do you mean by that? Is that like outpatient methadone clinics? Or can you be more specific? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So what it means, I think, are the folks who are delivering patient care are less RN intensive and more lower license level people, whether that's LPNs or LVNs or techs whatever. And again, what it's really designed to do is to allow the RN to practice at the top of his or her license and allow other people to do the more administrative and clerical activities, and as a consequence deliver the highest efficiency and best quality of patient care that we can in a way that allows us to treat as many patients safely as we can. 
Sarah James: Got it. And last question is just a follow-up to Ann. So when you mentioned canceling some payer contracts or shifting payer mix, is there any other details you can provide on that of what payers are there [Technical Difficulty]. 
Steve Filton: Yes. So you're breaking up a little bit, Sarah. I'll try and answer what I think you asked. Again, I think the detail that I offer around that is if you look at our Q1 behavioral results, our revenue per adjusted day is up 5-plus percent. I think that's reflective of the fact that we're doing a pretty judicious job of negotiating increased payer rates and choosing and trying to engineer payer mix so that -- where we're not dealing with payers who are sort of refusing to give us the sorts of annual rate increases that we would need to kind of replacement. 
 And I think we're being very successful at that. I think we're very pleased with that 5-plus percent of revenue per adjusted day on the behavioral side of the business. Again, now the real challenge for us is to move from a negative 1% patient day growth to the historical normative 3% or 4% or even above that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. 
Albert Rice: Maybe just a couple of questions. On the behavioral side, I know we're mainly talking about the labor component here, but I just want to make sure that you're still feeling like the underlying demand for the service is still strong. 
 I know your biggest hospital peer, which has behavioral health units reported that they were actually down year-to-year, too, in behavioral. So I wonder if it's still so strong, where are these patients going? Do you have a sense of what's happening to them? 
Steve Filton: Yes. Look, I think the reality, A.J., is that -- in many cases, they're going untreated. In many of our markets, you have -- you definitely have a sense that where we're unable to take a certain number of patients because we don't have sufficient clinical staff, it's not like we believe that our peers in the market are able to do something we're not. 
 So I think some of those patients wind up not getting the care that they really need. And so back to your point -- and we've made this point, I think, very consistently during the entire pandemic and that the ways that we measure the underlying demand, I think we measure them in a number of different ways, but one of the ways we measure the underlying demand is what we describe as inbound activity. 
 These are the phone calls that we get to our 800 numbers, the Internet inquiries we get to our website, et cetera. And those -- the volume of those inbound inquiries have been doing nothing but generally consistently rising during the pandemic. And on conversion rate, the number of those inbound inquiries that ultimately resulted in admissions, that percentage has declined pretty dramatically during the pandemic, really, primarily because of the labor scarcity issue that we've been talking about. 
 So to answer your initial question, which again, I think Marc addressed in a broader way in his comments earlier is, we have a lot of confidence that the underlying demand for both of our business segments has not changed in any fundamental way. 
Albert Rice: Okay. I know one thing relative to your other public peer in behavioral that you're a little different is that you have some markets like in Massachusetts and Texas where you have multiple behavioral health facilities in one metropolitan area or a cluster of them. When you look at that, are those presenting specific challenges? Do you have more labor issues. How do you manage the fact that one behavioral health facility is not competing against the other behavioral health facilities for labor? Do you coordinate that? Any thoughts? 
Steve Filton: Yes. I think the reality is, obviously, having multiple facilities in a market, which we do in a number of markets you mentioned, Boston, Philadelphia, Atlanta, are all markets in which we have a pretty significant market share and a multiple facility presence. And obviously, that affords you some luxuries of being able to move employees amongst facilities that allows you to centralize some of the recruiting and HR functions and be more efficient in that regard, et cetera. So there is some benefit to that. 
 But the real issue is that some geographies are just more challenging than others in terms of the labor scarcity. And I think what we find is that when a market is challenging, all the providers in the market are challenged, and that's just the way it is. Now again, I will tell you, we have certain facilities that are fully staffed, that are not struggling. 
 We have other facilities that struggle to higher RNs. We have other facilities that have sufficient number of RNs but struggle to hire mental health technicians to unlicensed professionals. So it really varies. And I wouldn't say that having multiple facilities is even more or less difficult. I think it just really depends on the geography. 
Albert Rice: Okay. And maybe just one final question. So obviously, your step-up pace of share repurchase is an important part of the UHS story for this year. I guess, how should we think about that activity? You did about $350 million in Q1. On the one hand, the market's giving you an opportunity here where there's a significant sell-off in the stock today, and so you get an opportunity to buy it cheaper than you could yesterday. 
 Alternatively, you're just talking about the fact that you've got to see some improvement or you may adjust guidance at midyear? Should we think that you would step up to try to take advantage of the pullback here? Or do you sort of hesitate until you get better clarity on whether there's going to be a need to adjust guidance. What's your thinking about share repurchase activity going forward? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So we indicated in our initial guidance that our plan for share repurchase for 2022 was roughly $1.4 billion with the $350 million in Q1, we're right on track to get to that number. To your point, obviously, the market has changed a great deal just in the last few days. And to be fair about it, we haven't made any firm decisions about how to think about that whether we'll try and accelerate share repurchase, et cetera. We certainly will think about that. 
 But the comment, I guess, that I've made today is simply that I think we have every intention of fulfilling the annual share repurchase amount or something close to it that was in our original guidance. That's certainly -- our view hasn't changed. And again, I think for all the reasons that Marc articulated in his prepared comments are confident that the labor scarcity situation will get resolved and that the underlying demand is still quite strong in both of the businesses. 
Marc Miller: But just to go a bit further, as Steve said, we are going to look at this. And so we're right on track for our previous guidance. If our shares continue to be this undervalued, it would be a pretty fair bet that whether we go above that $1.4 billion, we haven't made a decision yet. 
 But we're certainly going to look very carefully at doing something when our shares are so undervalued, given what, Steve, just said about our belief in the business. The demand is there. This labor issue will subside at some point. So we know that fundamentally we'll be in a good position. So we can take advantage of the undervalued share price, so we'll certainly consider that and probably do that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Perse from Goldman Sachs. 
Jamie Perse: Can you give us any color on profitability by month in the acute care segment? Even directionally, it seems like the labor environment was similarly challenged across all the months, but the big difference in January, you had a lot of COVID. March looked a lot more normal. And I'm just trying to understand the trajectory of profitability and that type of mix shift happens. 
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think as we have found throughout the pandemic the acute business benefits to some degree from the COVID surges. The COVID patients historically have been more acutely ill than that. I think that was a little bit different in this most recent surge. Obviously, we got the benefit of the 20% Medicare add-on for COVID patients. We had the benefit in the quarter of HRSA reimbursement for uncompensated or uninsured COVID patients, although that is pretty much been exhausted. 
 So I think the acute care business weathers the COVID surge in December and January better than the behavioral business, where they really, on the behavioral side of things, there's no benefit from the COVID surge. There's only pressures that sort of a company is. I think the dynamic of the quarter is that we assume that as COVID volumes decline the labor scarcity issue would ease more than it did and would benefit both of our segments in -- more than it did. 
 So I would say that acute profitability didn't change all that much during the quarter. I think our budget increased. So our budget shortfall increased as the quarter went on, although profitability only changed much. I would tell you that on the behavioral side, profitability was really challenged in January when the COVID volumes were as high as they were and got better to some as the quarter went on. 
Jamie Perse: Okay. That's helpful. And then just we've talked a lot about all the money you're spending on premium labor today. I'm just trying to think about as rates and utilization of premium labor come down, if that gives you an opportunity to redeploy some of that into base wage rates, just thinking about the recapturability of some of these excess costs right now, is it all recapturable or 2/3, half, just any thoughts on that would be helpful. . 
Steve Filton: Yes. I think that the reality is, there's not a lot of -- after just the term you used, there's sort of transferability between the 2. I've made this point before when the nurse comes to her supervisor to a hospital, the Chief Nursing Officer, whatever, and says that he or she is leaving to make $10,000 a week, which is probably 4 or 5x what his or her salary is, there's really no counter we can make to that. 
 And raising base wages by 100 basis points or 200 basis points is not an effective counter to that sort of an offer. So that -- those opportunities really have to diminish in number in order for those nurses to come back. We're not going to entice those nurses to come back with, again, a 100 basis point increase in wage rates, which, again, I think is why the underlying base wage rate inflation, while it's up in both acute and behavioral, is not up by hundreds and hundreds of basis points, but just by 100 or 150 basis points because they're not really being changed to meet those -- that premium pay. We just can't do that. 
Marc Miller: I'll make one more point on this. What we're trying to do -- we're doing -- Steve already mentioned earlier, we do market surveys and we're doing adjustments like on a quarterly basis in a lot of our markets, trying to understand exactly what the correct base rate is for market. One of the things I want to make sure people recognize is that a lot of traveling nurses don't actually travel anywhere. 
 So in certain markets, I've seen traveling nurses up to 50% of those "travelers" are people that live within 4 or 5 miles of where they're traveling to. So a lot of them are people that have actually not gone anywhere. They're taking traveler contracts in their home market. And what is happening now is going to continue to happen is that those opportunities for the traveling contracts are going away. 
 And so hopefully, sooner than later, a lot more of those "traveling nurses," if they want to stay in their home market, which they clearly do because they haven't gone anywhere, they're going to have to go back to the local hospitals at the local wage rates and not the traveling rates that they were getting for those contracts previously, and we're already starting to see that. And hopefully, that's going to accelerate in the next couple of months. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. 
Joanna Gajuk: Actually, this is Joanna Gajuk filling in for Kevin. Thanks for just a couple of follow-up questions. So you mentioned on the psych business, the pricing is pretty strong, and I guess you are managing your contracts there. Can you talk about on the acute care side? Or are the commercial rates now contracting there? Are you pushing rates there also to get some -- after the inflation and what the success rate is and kind of any way you can frame it for us that piece of the business on the acute care side in terms of the commercial payers? 
Steve Filton: Yes, Joanna, I mean, I think we're doing the same thing on the acute side. I think it's a little bit harder to see on the acute side because I think on the acute side, revenue per adjusted admission tends to be impacted by other variables besides just pure pricing and especially during the pandemic, probably acutely has had a bigger impact on acute care revenue per adjusted admission than anything else, including the underlying pricing. 
 But yes, I mean, we're making those same judgments and for the same reasons, quite frankly, if payers are unable to give us sufficient rate increases at a minimum to sort of absorb at least a portion of this inflation and particularly the labor inflation, that I think we're willing to cancel contracts, terminate contracts, move into trying to shift payer mix to other more reasonable players. 
Joanna Gajuk: Great. And I guess on the sites, when you talk about the 5% increase you experienced in the quarter, is that kind of how you think about this going forward? Is this kind of assuming your guidance in terms of the pricing? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So what we had said is that pre-pandemic our behavioral pricing for a number of years tended to go up about 2% or 3% a year. During the pandemic, we've seen it up in that 5% to 6% range, which is what we saw in Q1. I think it settles out as we emerge from the pandemic kind of in between in maybe that sort of 3% to 4% range because I think some of the payer behavior, which got a little bit less aggressive in terms of denials and things like that during the pandemic probably reemerges post pandemic. 
 So yes, I think, again, I think we think behavioral pricing settles into more like a 3% or 4% range. Again, what's really needed to turn the behavioral segment around and start meeting our expectations is got to kind of increase those adjusted patient days from your negative 1% to up 3% or 4% or beyond that. 
Joanna Gajuk: Right, exactly. That's the bigger issue we talked for the last hour. But I guess in terms of the volumes on the acute care segment, so did I hear right, why do you say that the volumes returned to normal, I guess, towards the end of the quarter. Did you mean kind of the pre-COVID levels? Any kind of commentary in terms of the types of volumes and what are you seeing there on the acute care side? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So one of the most important metrics that we factor in the pandemic is surgical volume because it encompasses a lot of those elective procedures. Our surgical volume in Q1 was above our pre-pandemic surgical volume, to be fair, slightly above, not by a lot, but I think it was the first time during the pandemic that our surgical volumes actually exceeded the pre-pandemic or 2019 levels. So again, another encouraging sign that, again, once we get some of these labor pressures, at least partially behind us should help in the recovery. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo from SVB Securities. 
Benjamin Mayo: Just one more question on premium pay, take the $150 million. What did it look like the very first 3 quarters of 2021? I'm just trying to get a better comparison here. 
Steve Filton: Yes. So I don't necessarily have those numbers in front of me, Whit. I think what we said, which I know last quarter, it was -- that in the fourth quarter of '21, it was $70 million. I think in the first quarter of '21, it was $50 million. So I think you could sort of bridge that gap. 
Benjamin Mayo: Yes. No, that's perfect. And -- just one other follow-up question, just the DRG add-on and the HRSA payments, can I get that -- those 2 numbers from you? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think we just have disclosed all along that the impact of those numbers, I believe, in 2021 was about $11 million a quarter each for HRSA and for the 20% now. 
 And Mary, we're going to have to make that our last question because we have some other commitments here. 
Operator: Thank you. 
Steve Filton: So we'd like to thank everybody for their time. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everyone, for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Universal Health Services Fourth Quarter and full year of 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are on a listen-only mode. After the speaker’s presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Steve Filton. Please go ahead
Steve Filton: Thank you, good morning. Marc Miller is also joining us this morning, we welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the fourth quarter ended December 31,2021. During the conference call, we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecasts, projections, and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend the careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the Company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $3 for the fourth quarter of 2021.  After adjusting for the impact of the items reflected on the supplemental schedule was included with the press release. Our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $2.95 for the quarter ended December 31, 2021. During the fourth quarter of 2021, our operations continued to be significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Specifically, we experienced an increased wave of covid patients in December 2021, which peaked in January of 2022; the negative impact resulting from this elevated level of COVID volumes was primarily a function of increased labor scarcity issues, exacerbated by the large number of employees sideline by the virus itself, or quarantine due to exposure to the virus. In what was already a very tight labor market, these incremental labor challenges, in addition to pressuring our salary and wages expenses, also suppressed patient volumes and our acute care and behavioral health facilities while causing postponement of certain elective scheduled procedures at our acute care hospitals.  Our net cash generated from operating activities was $884 million during the full year of 2021, which includes the unfavorable impact of 695 million of Medicare accelerated payments that were received during 2020 and repaid to the government during 2021. We spent $856 million on capital expenditures during the full year of 2021, which includes the construction costs related to a new 170-bed acute care hospital in Reno, Nevada that is scheduled to be completed and open next month. Our accounts receivable days outstanding decreased to 50 days during the year ended December 30th, 2021, as compared to 55 days during 2020. At December 31st, 2021, our ratio of debt-to-total capitalization increased to 40.8% as compared to 37.9% at December 31st, 2020. As of December 31st, 2021, we had $854 million of aggregate available borrowing capacity, pursuant to our $1.2 billion revolving credit this [Indiscernible].  In our acute care segment, our ambulatory care development continued in 2021.We currently have 18 operational freestanding emergency departments and partnerships with national third-party entities for further development of ambulatory surgery centers and home health operations in our existing markets. In conjunction with our ongoing development, of primary care physician networks. These initiatives are meant to create a more fulsome care delivery system in each of our markets. Our new hospital in Reno scheduled to open soon will enhance our statewide presence in Nevada. Bed tower projects, adding new capacities to hospitals in important markets are underway at Edinburg Regional Medical Center in south Texas, Henderson Hospital in Las Vegas and Inland Valley Medical Center in California. Planning is also underway on new acute care hospitals in West Henderson, Nevada, and Palm Beach Gardens in Florida. In our behavioral segment, two new De Novo joint venture hospitals opened in 2021 in Clive, Iowa and Cape Gerardo, Missouri.
Marc D. Miller: Two more new hospitals have opened already in 2022 in Michigan, which is a partnership with Beaumont Health and Wisconsin. And another is scheduled to open later in the year in Arizona in partnership with HonorHealth. These Denova developments, along with an increased focus on outpatient development in telemedicine in our existing markets, is meant to also build out a more fulsome continuum of care in the behavioral segment as well.
Steve Filton: In anticipation of a continued downward trajectory of COVID volumes from those experienced during recent surges, and relief from the accompanying pressures on our operations and financial results; our Board of Directors authorized a $1.4 billion increase to our stock repurchase program. After the resumption of our share repurchase activity in the second quarter of 2021, we repurchased approximately $1.2 billion of our shares during 2021, and close to $300 million more thus far in 2022. We currently have approximately $1.46 billion authorized for stock repurchases, after giving effect to the recent increase approved by our Board of Directors. Our 2022 operating results forecast, which was provided in last night's release, assumes that the negative impact of the COVID virus will diminish in 2022.  While the decline in actual COVID cases appears to be occurring rapidly, we believe the process of back stilling non - COVID cases and most importantly, the easing of workforce shortages, which dominated the healthcare landscape in 2021, will take place more gradually over the course of 2022. We have a host of active initiatives in place to increase the efficiency of recruitment and retention of our clinical staff. And also implementing innovative care models in recognition that certain changes to the healthcare staff in dynamic may last well beyond the decline in COVID cases. While the pace of recovery is difficult to predict, we remain confident in the fundamental underlying demand in both of our business segments. The early signs of which have already been emerging in the last few weeks. Marc and I will be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck : Great, thanks. I guess your guidance for this year looks like it has a margin degradation fee, talking a little bit about how you're looking for the margin outlook in both segments?
Steve Filton: I think Kevin, as we the remarks, my opening remarks indicated. I think that's premised on the idea that the stabilization of the labor markets will be a more elongated process than the volume recovery. So, we have a notion that while or volumes and revenues will increase at a pretty decent pace in 2022. So, we'll salary expense, both the continued use of premium pay in the short run and then the underlying wage rate inflation. I think it's a bit of a trade-off. Obviously, we have hopes that we can do better and make more progress on the salary front than -- more quickly than our guidance has presumed, but I think at the moment that seems to be the most prudent outlook.
Kevin Fischbeck : Are both segments seeing the same type of pressure or would you say one is seeing more of it and would you expect one division to kind of come out of this margin pressure earlier than the other?
Steve Filton: I think we have made the point throughout the pandemic, that while both business segments see the impact of the labor shortage, it gets manifested in different ways. So, on the acute side, for the most part, we are able to fill most of our vacancies, but we have done so through the use of premium pay, significant amount of premium pay. As an example, I think we incurred about $120 million of premium pay in the acute division in Q4. Alternatively, on the behavioral side, I think we've only incurred about $25 or $30 million of premium pay expense for the full year. The bigger issue on the behavioral side has been just an absolute inability to fill some of those vacancies. And as a consequence, the labor shortage on the behavioral side really manifest itself on the volume side more so than in agile salary expense. And we expect that those -- both those dynamics continue into 2022, although they begin to recede as COVID volumes begin to recede.
Kevin Fischbeck : Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Mok with UBS.
Andrew Mok: Hi, good morning. Steve, can you walk us through the different growth outlooks between the segments for 2022 with respect to volume and price, and how much new store revenue it is contemplated in the guide?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I think, Andrew, that the same-store growth in both segments, and sort of anticipated to be in the mid-single digits and that sort of 5% to 6% range, which quite frankly in a normal year would be relatively unremarkable. I think on the acute side, that's kind of a mix shift away from higher acuity COVID volumes, and more towards, again a backfilling of all this non-COVID activity, which has lagged somewhat. We've been running at levels that are 95% to a 100% of pre - COVID levels of emergency room visits, and elective, and scheduled procedures, etc. We presume that those percentages will increase in 2022 as COVID volumes decline. But overall, the impact on revenue mid-single digits and again, sort of hearkening back to Kevin's first question to the increase in salary costs outpacing that a little bit on the behavioral side, our volumes have been flattering in Q4 our patient days, I think we're relatively fat, compared to the previous year's Q4. I think we're assuming again that same mid-single-digit revenue growth.  But more of it coming from an actual increase in patient days rather than any sort of patient shift mix. As far as the amount of revenue growth that's coming from non-same-store. I think it's a couple of percentage points, and Marc ticked off, I think a lot of the major additions in the two business segments that are driving that.
Andrew Mok: Great. And then as a follow-up, you did about $320 million of EBITDA in the [Indiscernible] business, but there are few out-of-period payments even beyond Kentucky, I think there might have been some $s from Florida there. So how did the core behavioral business perform in the quarter and is that a good run rate to think about for 2022? Thanks.
Steve Filton: We called out the Kentucky Medicaid reimbursement, which was a little over $30 million in the quarter, because I think we thought that was one really extraordinary item in the quarter. There were other one-time [Indiscernible], but I think they largely offset each other. I will say this about Kentucky. We recorded $30 million roughly of Kentucky reimbursement in the fourth quarter. That represented two quarters of earned activity. In 2022, that reimbursement has already been approved for the full year. So, there will be a much more ratable recognition of being roughly $55 million or $60 million of that Kentucky reimbursement in '22. And that's included in our guidance. But other than the Kentucky item, I think we purposely did not highlight anything else in the quarter because we generally felt like they were offsetting puts and takes.
Andrew Mok: Great. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: Hi, thanks everyone. First of all, just maybe looking at the pace of the share repurchase activity rounding $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion. You're generating good cash flow, particularly as now you get past the repayments to the feds. But that still is probably a faster pace than you're generating free cash flow. Can you just comment, do you think you'll continue at that pace? And then also, I assume if you do that the leverage will tick up over the course of this year. How -- I mean, you ended at 2.2 times debt to EBITDA. How much are you willing to let leverage sort of creep back up to fund the repurchase?
Steve Filton: Sure, A.J. So, as you indicated, we repurchased about $1.2 billion of shares in 2021. That was over the course of just three quarters, since we didn't resume our share repurchase activity until April. If we continue with that pace, we will be repurchasing somewhere in the neighborhood of $1.4 billion, which is the amount of share repurchase authorization increase that our Board granted yesterday. And that's our plan and that, quite frankly, is what's in our guidance. Obviously, we're doing this on an opportunistic basis, as we have historically done. So, we are leaving ourselves the flexibility to respond to market conditions and other capital deployment opportunities, etc. But our current plan is pretty much as the board authorization increase would indicate over the course of the next year and to your point, it would certainly we'd be buying back shares at a pace above our free cash flow generation. So, our leverage, we'd go from approximately the low 2's, 2.1, 2.2 at the end of 2021 to the high twos of 2.7, 2.8 at the end of 2022.
Marc D.Miller: I'll just make the point, I mean, we're very comfortable with that if the stock remains undervalued and that's the calculation that we've made. So, depending on where the stock is, this we believe is the right amount at this time, certainly at this level of our share price.
A.J. Rice: No, that's great. I think Gerald is obviously, I appreciate that. Maybe my follow-up question. We all see about geography were there any differences? And I will ask you that again about the acute business where we usually asked. But I would also ask in the dynamics, you're seeing in the behavioral business, is the labor challenges particularly acute in specific geographies where for some reason you have a little more of a challenge than in other geographies. So, anything about the geography, despair differences across regions for both sides of the business.
Steve Filton: The way that I would answer the question, A.J., is first by saying that I think what we have experienced, certainly in the most recent, I'll call it six to eight months, is that the most significant labor pressures are closely correlated to the level of COVID frequency in the market. Markets that are hard hit by COVID clearly feel greater labor pressures for a variety of reasons. Particularly with Omicron, more of our own employees out sick, etc., and on the sideline. But also, employees are leaving in -- particularly in the behavioral space to work for premium rates and more acute settings, all that sort of thing. And I think what we have found in the last few surges again, at least with the back half of '21 and into '22, is that those surges have been pretty widespread geographically. Obviously, at any point in time, we may be getting hit in one market worse than another. But I would say broadly, the performance is pretty geographically diffused. Although from a tiny perspective, one market maybe under pressure one month and not so much in the next month. But it's really much more COVID related than any other sort of underlying geographic issues.
A.J. Rice: Alright, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch with BMO Capital Markets.
Matthew﻿ Borsch: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. You have Ben Rossi filling in for Matt here. regarding patient acuity on a same facility basis, you reported some good numbers for adjusted admissions, revenue per adjusted mission will also showing some sequential decreases in overall occupancy rates and length of stay in both acute and behavioral. Just curious if that is a reflection of the type of security caseload you saw this quarter and whether that trend is continuing in 1Q? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Look, acuity is really an issue in the acute care segment. Not in the behavioral segment in the sense that, reimbursement doesn't change an also, acuity basis for the most part in the behavioral segment, I think on the -- in the acute segment, what we have largely experienced during the COVID surge is, in 2021, is that as COVID has surged, acuity goes up, the COVID patients are sicker. But for the most part, we've been able to maintain a reasonable level of non COVID business as well, which has really led to these really high acuity and revenue rates and the acute business, which for the most part, have overwhelmed or, offset the higher salary costs, which we alluded to earlier. That became more challenging, I indicated in the fourth quarter, we had about $120 million of premium pay in the acute business. That's the highest we've experienced today compared to just sequentially, I think we had around $83 million in third quarter of this year, and I think we had about a little over $50 million in the fourth quarter of last year.  So, gives you an indication of how much that premium pay has really pressured the margins in the acute business. I think the other dynamic that we've noticed or has been noticeable in the acute space, is that the Omicron patients, as has been reported, I think we are more broadly, are less acutely ill than the Delta patients before them. The problem is, I don't know that we've been really able to take advantage of that. You make the point that I would like to stay is remaining pretty stable. I think in theory, we should have been able to discharge some of those Omicron patients more quickly. The challenges as we try and discharge those patients, the sites to which we would normally discharge them long-term care, skilled nursing homes, home health are struggling with their own labor challenges and as a consequence, we haven't really seen the benefit of being able to discharge the less acutely ill patients faster. Again, I think all of that will tend to work itself out as COVID volumes declined will return to a more stable referral network and discharge pattern that's more reflective of what we historically been used been used to.
Matthew﻿ Borsch: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Cassorla with Citi.
Jason Cassorla: Great. Thanks. Good morning. So, you talked about volume and labor backdrop largely improving throughout the year. But is there any way to help frame the cadence for an EBITDA perspective. I mean, if you look back, you did about 425 million of EBITDA in 1Q '21. Is that the right bogey to think about 1Q, or maybe how you would frame that? Thanks.
Steve Filton: So, look the UHS intentionally has never given quarterly guidance, and we're certainly not about to begin that this year, when there's greater uncertainty and is historically the case. We're looking at a cadence that is certainly not what it has been historic norm. Normally, the first quarter is our strongest quarter, we come out of the gate really strong in both business segments, etc. This year we come out of the gate with our highest COVID volumes to-date in the pandemic, now they decline pretty quickly and have been declining, and continue to decline and that's encouraging. but as I've alluded to in some previous comments, the labor pressures are declining more slowly, etc. I think broadly, we've tried to indicate that I think we think the first half of 2022 will certainly be more challenging, as labor pressures diminish more slowly than COVID volumes decline. I think the second half of 2022, we'll begin to look a lot more electric pre -pandemic year like the back-half of 2019 might have looked.
Jason Cassorla: Got it. Okay. Fair enough. And maybe just go to your CapEx guidance, so CapEx at the midpoint just call like a 20% increase over '21, and where you ended up spending there. You made some comments in your prepared remarks amount from new towers, acute facilities in the like, but maybe could you just help flush out your CapEx priorities for both segments and where you're looking to invest those $s for '22? Thanks.
Steve Filton: As Mark commented on in his remarks -- and I think also as we can see on to a response earlier, I think what really informs our whole approach in terms of what we're dedicating to share repurchase, and what we're dedicating to CapEx, etc. It's our view that the underlying demand fundamentally in our two business segments remains strong, and so from a CapEx perspective, we're going to invest in projects that we think make sense and are economically compelling. Marc alluded to our De Novo development in Reno. We have small community hospital in Reno, but this really, I think will position us as a much more competitive player in the Reno market, but even more broadly as the preeminent statewide player in the state of Nevada. Same thing, South Texas is an important market to us Riverside County, California. We've invested both in physical capital, we acquired a significant physician practice in the Southern California market.  So, we like our franchises in both our acute and behavioral segments, and we're continuing to reinvest in those. And then again, as Marc pointed out, we have a view that we think, and we understand why, but those investments and that underlying the strength of the underlying demand is somewhat unappreciated in the market. And while that's the case, we also intend to be an active acquirer of our shares, which we think are really well valued at this point in time.
Jason Cassorla: All right, thanks for all the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Pito Chickering: Hey, good morning, guys, thanks for taking my questions. On the acute side, in the script, you quantified, referring to Kevin's question, you quantified about a $120 million of premium pay in fourth quarter. How did that track versus 3Q and sort of you for all of 2021? And if we think about converting that to us or more than normalized level, how much was premium pay costing versus normal full-time employee in the fourth-quarter?
Steve Filton: Yes. So, I think actually mentioned Pito that a 120 million in Q4 compared to that 80 million in the previous quarter in Q3. And a little over 50 million in fourth quarter of last year. And the point that you raised is a good one, honestly, the rise in that expense is I think driven more by rate than by volume, meaning we're not necessarily using more nurses, more hours. We're using some greater number, but the rates are just going crazy as I think has been written about and then considered reported on broadly across the countries. So normally, I would say to you that we'd replace premium pay temporary traveling nurses with our own employed nurses who would make 50% less or something like that, but I think in some cases, we're able, however you want to look at it, either we're paying three times more for a temporary traveling nurse who would work for a base pay, or if we can replace that nurse with an employee, we'll be paying a third, the difference is quite significant.
Pito Chickering: Having you seen the premium pay begin to reflect at all in those [Indiscernible] the year, but any color in terms of stakes and fees, where you're seeing on the hourly wage rates for those now as it was well as the hours you guys are using?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, look, I've made the point that the decline in COVID volumes has really been occurring on a really short period of time at this point. I mean, it was only in the latter half of January that we started to see those declines. So, we're into this for four or five weeks. And I think as the surge really worsened, hospitals were making longer term commitments to these nurses. We were making some longer-term commitments, but I think the other piece to this is that nurses themselves were making longer term commitments. Even if we weren't, they might have been making longer term commitments with others. The other issue is that nurses have made a lot of money. Those who had sort these premium rates in the last six or eight months. And as a consequence, I think they have some greater flexibility. And so, what we're seeing is that, some nurses are taking some time off, etc, before they return to work. And they are thoroughly entitled to that. But I think all those reasons are why I think it takes some time. So, I would say to you that I think we've seen -- again, as my remarks have indicated, we've definitely seen encouraging signs of volume recovery in both business segments in the last four or five weeks. I would say we've seen the earliest signs of labor pressures easing, but I think we've got a long way to go on the labor side.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Great and then one quick follow-up there on the behavioral side is look at 2021. How much were revenues impacted by the lack of staffing? And how do you think that evolves in 2022? Do you think you can recapture for those loss behavioral being able to revenues in 2022 from staffing? Thanks so much.
Steve Filton: As we've indicated, I think on a number of occasions, we think the single biggest reason that behavioral volumes and therefore behavioral revenues have lagged pre -pandemic levels, is the labor shortage. A lot of it has been exacerbated by the COVID volumes, and again, the idea that some subset of our employee population has been seeking these premium rates in a more acute setting. And by the way, as that's desired compel, and talking to colleagues and other service industries, etc., it's a pretty standard and widespread phenomena in any sub-acute setting, nursing homes, home health agencies, skilled nursing, long-term care facilities, are all saying the same thing. And as I indicated in the previous response, we're finding that on the acute side to be true because as we're trying to discharge patients, we're being told by all these sorts of facilities that they simply don't have the capacity because of a lack of staff.  So, the question about how do you quantify what the loss revenue is, it's difficult to do. What we have said before is that every indication we have of underlying demand it doesn't it's continued to grow. I would say the last several quarters, is our inbound activity, incoming phone calls, incoming Internet inquiries, etc, are up 15% or 20%. I don't think we've taken the position that we could satisfy all that demand. But there is certainly a significant amount of demand out there to be satisfied. And again, I think our guidance presumes sort of mid-single-digit revenue growth, which gets us back to sort of three or 4% volume growth just over the prior year. We certainly don't think that's the top end of the potential growth in volume. But we'd be pleased if so, we can get there and if the labor situation resolves as soon as we get there.
Pito Chickering: Great thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Perse with Goldman Sachs.
Jamie Perse: Hey, good morning, guys. I just wanted to start with the Revenue per Adjusted Admission, if you can give any color on assumptions for 2022, and we're obviously way above the 2019 trended growth line. What's sustainable about that versus as things start to normalize in terms of payer mix and acuity? That's starting to come back down.
Steve Filton: So, Jamie, I think the answer again is different in the two business segments. I think in the acute care segment, there certainly is an expectation that revenue per adjusted admission will come down from the very high levels, as there has been running particularly during the high COVID surges. But we believe that that will be replaced in large part by non COVID -- more traditional non COVID, surgical and other procedural admissions that have lagged, some during the pandemic. I'll also make the point that as that business mix shift occurs some of the cost pressures will alleviate as well because while the COVID patients had very robust revenue, they also had very high expenses generally, more ICU utilization, more supply utilization, all that sort of stuff, on the behavioral side there's not nearly, I think as big a shift or change in acuity, I will make the point just because I had this question last night. It looks like our revenue per adjusted day in the 4th quarter is quite high in the behavioral segment.  But if you would just [Indiscernible] the Kentucky reimbursement that we talked about earlier, I think you get to a much more historically looking reasonable number. Again, I think on the behavioral side, the general sense is that, as the labor situation eases, we'll simply be able to admit more patients. Patient days will grow over the previous year instead of a flat patient day, for instance, that we saw in Q4.
Jamie Perse: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one follow-up on longer-term margin expectations. It seems like there might be a lot of temporary costs in your cost structure for '22, in terms of premium pay and things like that. How should we think about the longer-term margin expectations? Can you get back to 2019 levels in a couple of years or as things start to normalize, or just any thoughts you can share on where things go after this, maybe transition here?
Marc D. Miller: And again, I think we've said a number of times. I don't believe we feel like the fundamental economic model in either of our business segments has changed. Meaning, what the historical model has been is that if you can achieve revenue growth in the mid-single digits generally, you're going to see EBITDA growth and margin expansion over time. As you characterize it, I think we're viewing 2022 as a bit of a transition year, particularly the first half of 2022, that as volumes recover those labor pressures are not going to ease as near, as quickly and therefore we're going to see some margin compression at least in the first half of 2022. But I think over time we have an expectation that the models will work as they have worked in the past. And if we can achieve mid-single-digit growth, maybe inflation that's particularly wage inflation has increased by 100,125 basis points post-pandemic. But the model hasn't been turned upside down. And as a consequence, if that underlying demand is out there and there's been a significant amount of on-net postponed deferred demand in both of the business segments over the last several years which we firmly believe, then I think revenue growth -- I think beginning again towards the end of 2022 should be relatively robust. We should see EBITDA growth; we should see margin expansion after we get over these labor pressures and it'll look like the way it was. Can we get back to 2019 margins? The answer I think is yes, the question is how quickly. We're certainly not going to get back there in a year, but we certainly believe that we can get back there and go beyond that quite frankly.
Jamie Perse: Okay. Thanks for the detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron Research.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to follow up on the comments you both, you and Mark made on the outpatient development. And I'm curious what types of facilities do you think are most useful to UHS in the next couple of years? I'm thinking more specifically in the acute care segment. And maybe how does that outpatient development work in the broader segment strategy for the acute care segment?
Marc D. Miller: Well, I think it's -- I mean, there's a lot of areas that we're looking at, specifically, freestanding emergency departments. We have had a lot of success with that and we continue to evaluate a number of opportunities on the FED that I think are going to be very positive as a standalone business, as well as what they can refer into the acute care hospitals. On top of that, we're doing a lot more work with physician clinics. And again, being able to open and drive business from those clinics in some part to the hospitals. And we see a lot of opportunity in a number of our markets. We had a significant acquisition in California earlier, I guess a few months ago, with a large physician group, which we had been working with for many years, but acquiring them now. And just increasing the synergies and the things that we're able to do with them, as an owner of the practice. That's been a little bit in Lightning to us. And so, we are looking for more opportunities there. In addition to that, I would say the traditional outpatient radiology services as well as surgical hospitals. It's been a little bit tougher for us to get deals that we like on the ASC front. But we are currently evaluating probably in all or just about all of our acute care markets right now. We've partnered with a large surgery center Company to do that for the last couple of years. And so, I think we're going to gain more traction with that as we go forward in the next three to four quarters certainly.
Josh Raskin: And just to follow up on that Mark then the ASCs. I'm curious how you think about that shift from inpatient to outpatient care and how important you think that versus the what sounds like maybe not the most rational market, I don't want put words in your mouth, but it sounds like it's more of a pricing issue than a strategy issue; is that right?
Marc D. Miller: Yes. I mean, as far as I look at it -- look, it's definitely a trend. It's definitely something that we're very cognizant of. As far as the desire to move certain business out of the inpatient setting to outpatient. And that's driven by the insurers and for a number of reasons, I'm not sure I categorize it the way you said, but I do think we have great opportunities to not only partner and create new outpatient surgery centered businesses that are advantageous on their own, but also to decamp some of the business that is taking up space in our inpatient settings and then have higher acuity, higher-paying business replaced that lower-end outpatient business.
Josh Raskin: Got you. That's perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Hey, good morning. It's Austin on for Justin here. Steve, I was just curious on the full year, if you can maybe emphasize or give some color on the impact of the direct COVID reimbursement programs, the benefit from sequestration, that 20% bump and HRSA. And then, what is embedded in the assumption for '22 related to those programs? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, we've disclosed the impact of sequestration waiver and the Hersha reimbursement and the 20% add-on. I think historically, the last few quarters have been running in the sort of $30 million plus or minus mid-range. We've -- the way we've incorporated that in our projections or guidance for 2022 is based on the current knowledge the medicare waiver lapses in the first half of the year. The public health emergency which drives the 20% add-on, I think it lapses. And early in the second quarter, the Hersom money it seem to be running out. So, we've assumed all that. Again, the tricky part of this is, it looks like -- and this will be the thing. I mean, that reimbursement will largely tail off as the COVID volumes tail off. A month or two ago, we were concerned that maybe we'd be facing significant COVID volumes and the loss of that extra reimbursement. But it appears that the two will sink up more naturally. But yes, we've assumed those things go away relatively for the most part of the first half of the year. Again, that's things off with guidance which presumes that our overall COVID volumes go down in the first half of the year, that the expenses associated the really high expenses with those COVID patients go down, etc. So that it's really not a significant drag on our earnings.
Justin Lake: Awesome. And maybe just a quick follow-up there, just curious maybe on a percent basis where COVID admissions that trended early in Omicron, where they're settling out here. And then maybe for the full year, is there a given range that you guys are assuming COVID volumes to continue to run out?
Steve Filton: Yes. During the COVID surges, I think at the height of the COVID surges, on the acute side, I would say somewhere in the 15% of our admissions were COVID related during the Delta surge, and the Omicron surge, etc. And because the length of stay of the COVID patients is about twice of what our average length of stay is, our COVID patients were taking off one-third of our beds across the portfolio, and again, during the surges. So, it was a significant number. I think the assumptions that we've made for particularly the back half of So, 2022 is that will be in those kind of has been described endemic environment in which something like 3% to 5% of our acute admissions will be COVID-related and probably less acutely yield than we've seen in some of the earlier surgeons.
Justin Lake: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with SVB Leerink.
Whit Mayo: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I haven't heard about Cygnet or your U.K. operations and sometimes, so was hoping maybe to get an update. And I think that the broader question and maybe this is framed more for markets, just thinking about a broader portfolio review for behavioral. I mean, at some point does it make sense to get smaller, to get bigger? And maybe making some decisions during the pandemic is ill advised, but just any update strategically, operationally, anything that you guys are deploying internally, that's different this year that gets you excited that we should be probably paying more attention to.
Marc D. Miller: I mean, I will start with the portfolio review. I mean, we do that all the time. And I will tell you, we've really done that during the last few years, during COVID. And to your point, we have scaled down a few places, some operations, a couple of leased facilities, and a couple of others where we just saw those changes in those markets. They weren't big players in the portfolio and we've jettison them. We should we continue to look to pare down if possible, wanted the same time. We're doing a lot to grow the division as well. So, we're trying to always improve the assets. One of the comments I'll make is our JV opportunities on the behavioral side continue to be robust. And I wanted to just make the point on that, all JV opportunities and all JV partners are not created equal. So, there are a lot of JV opportunities, situations that we look at, that we pass on, that others do, because we just don't see the merit of long term.  If you notice the ones that we do for the most part are recognizable nationally, no names, or they're very strong regional players, and that's purposely done. So, we're very excited when you say what could we offer as far as getting you all excited. We -- and Steve 's already mentioned this but, with the demand being where it is, we're very excited that when we get the staffing stabilized, and it is stabilizing, and it will continue to stabilize throughout this year, we should be able to pop because we know we track. Every week, we're talking very specifically about which beds are close due to staffing, due to COVID. And as we see that start to turn and it's already starting to turn, that's all upside for us. In regards to Signet, Signet's really been a terrific hedge for us. They are growing. There are a number. I speak with them very often. Weekly, in fact, our team over there is very strong, they are competing quite well against historical. In fact, larger players in that market. We're competing much, much better than we have in the past. Others are having some hiccups. So, we're very excited. The list of opportunities just in the U.K., is incredibly impressive. And along with that, we will look at things outside the UK, they present and we think they make sense but right now, we have a number of areas just within the U.K. that we think we can add beds, either to existing facilities or some new facilities. In our relationship with the NHS has never been stronger, so we're quite positive about that business and where it's going to go going forward.
Whit Mayo: Great. That's helpful. Maybe just one quick follow-up for Steve. If you could maybe give an update on what you're contemplating for Texas [Indiscernible] UCC, as this program presumably will continue now and your 10-K has an update that there's -- I guess you guys expect $391 million from state supplemental payments and that number hasn't historically been that reliable. So, I guess I'm just trying to make sure that we're thinking about any of the major puts and takes with some of the state supplemental programs this year. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So first of all, I'll make a few broad comments, you alluded to in 10-K, which was filed last May. I do think UHS has a rather expansive disclosure on these state programs. So, people are really interesting the details. I would suggest that they spend some time reading our 10-K disclosure on this subject because I think it is rather informative. Broadly as it regards Texas, there are a couple of different programs in Texas. I think the one that is sort of most uncertain at the moment is the directed payment program, which the state and CMS are sort of into skewed over. We had about $12 million or $13 million of reimbursement related to that program, which we did not recognize in the last four months of 2021, although we remain hopeful that it will be approved and we'll wind up getting recognized retroactively in 2022. The uncompensated care program, which people have expressed some concerns over etc, looks like it is moving forward.  The next starting payment is actually scheduled to occur within the next week or two. I just saw communications in that regard from the HHS of the Health Department in Texas. So, it seems like that's moving forward. I'll finally make one last comment. Look, there is some choppiness associated with these state reimbursement programs. We tend to be conservative about how we account for them, tending to wait until they're approved either in the state and or the federal levels, and sometimes, that means that we're not recording the income or revenues rapidly. But if you look at the trends over time, the trajectory of those programs tends to be increased. And then I think they are because the hospitals really rely on these programs, and a lot of the hospitals that rely on these programs are safety net hospitals within each of the states, etc. And so, the program's really become an important part of both state and federal funding.  So yeah, there is some uncertainty and some volatility in how these things get recorded, but I think our general sense is that the programs will remain at or equal to historical levels. Again, with the one exception that I would know -- we didn't really get into it in detail, but we recorded on the Kentucky reimbursement, essentially 18 months worth of reimbursement in 2021. So in other words, six months or the reimbursement that we recorded really related to the last half of 2020. So that's a bit of a headwind going into 2022 because we will only record 12 months of Kentucky reimbursement in 2022. But that's clearly baked into our guidance.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Sarah James with Barclays.
Sarah James: Thank you for squeezing me on. When you talked earlier about getting back to the pre - '19 margins, how much of that is cost control versus more of a change in the rate environment?
Steve Filton: Honestly, Sarah, I think that the real driver, as I think Mark and I both alluded to, is volume recovery. Look, we're certainly looking at cost controls. And I think cost controls focused on the elimination of this really expensive labor component that we've been incurring for the last -- during the pandemic. But again, I don't think we anticipate sort of ringing efficiencies out of the business in order to get back to those margins. What I was saying before is, we're going to get back to this model of mid-single-digit revenue growth. And if you combine that with efficient operations, which we have historically always had that I think you sort of get back to that model, but no, I don't think where either cost cutting our way back to 2019 margins, nor getting there for some extraordinary rate increase. Although, we would hope that both from our government and commercial payers over the next year or two, there's more and more recognition of the inflationary pressures on labor and other costs.
Sarah James: That's helpful. As you think about that recognition across your different types of payers. How do you think about the timing of that? Like which would Medicare act first or -- when you think about Medicare, Medicaid and the private payers, where do you think their recognition could start?
Steve Filton: It's a great question, Sarah. And obviously, from a Medicare and Medicaid perspective, that's largely out of our control, meaning, there are bigger forces, bigger lobbying groups, both at the federal and state level. We're active participants in those groups, so we're not driving that. But again, I think the inflationary pressures put the not-for-profit hospitals in particular, at a disadvantage. And so there will be great pressure on that. As far as the commercial payers, we have a much more active role there, and I think we're playing that active role and pressing more and more of our payers for what we believe to be reasonable rate [Indiscernible]. And then if we don't get them, I think we're more willing today than we have been in some time, terminate contracts, to walk away from business that doesn't have a reasonable reimbursement rate.
Sarah James: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: I will now turn the conference back over for any closing remarks.
Steve Filton: We'd just like to thank everybody for their participation and look forward to talking again at the end of the first quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you all for joining today's meeting. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the UHS Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Steve Filton. Please go ahead.
Steve Filton: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning. Marc Miller is also joining us this morning. We both welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2021. During the conference call, we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend the careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.60 for the third quarter of 2021. After adjusting for the impact of the items reflected on the supplemental schedule, as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $2.67 for the quarter ended September 30, 2021. For most of the third quarter, we experienced an escalation in the number of COVID-19 patients being treated in our hospitals. In our acute segment, this COVID surge resulted in measurably increased revenues due to the higher acuity and incremental government reimbursement associated with COVID patients. Unlike previous surges, however, non-COVID volumes, including emergency room visits and elective and/or scheduled procedures were not crowded out. And in fact, generally, we are running at or near pre-pandemic levels. As a result, acute care revenues in the quarter were higher and managed to offset the premium labor costs and increased supply expense associated with the COVID patients, leading to an acute care EBITDA result in the quarter that was above our internal forecast. At the same time, the most recent surge created significant challenges for our behavioral segment. Volumes were pressured throughout the quarter due to the capping of bed capacity, in some cases, to properly isolate COVID patients and in other cases because of a shortage of appropriate patient care personnel. Generally, behavioral patient days during the quarter ran 4% to 6% below comparable pre-pandemic levels. The effect of the reduced volumes combined with higher labor costs led to a behavioral EBITDA result in the quarter, measurably below our internal forecast. Our cash generated from operating activities was $442 million during the third quarter of 2021 as compared to $767 million during the same period in 2020. Included in our cash generated from operating activities during last year’s third quarter was approximately $400 million of additional funds received in connection with various governmental stimulus programs, most notably the CARES Act. We spent $667 million on capital expenditures during the first 9 months of 2021. At September 30, ‘21, our ratio of debt to total capitalization declined to 37.4% as compared to 37.7% at September 30, 2020. During the third quarter of 2021, we opened 157 new beds in our Las Vegas market, including 69 new beds at Henderson Hospital. We acquired 88 new beds through the acquisition of the Las Vegas Specialty Hospital, which will serve orthopedic and surgical patients. And we acquired Elite Medical Center, micro-hospital, offering emergency and in-patient care adjacent to the Las Vegas strip. In addition, we continue to grow our freestanding emergency department footprint with 19 sites expected to be operational by the end of the year in 2021 and an additional 5 approved and under construction, which are expected to open in 2022. Construction also continues on Northern Nevada Sierra Hospital, a 170-bed acute care hospital in Reno, Nevada, which is expected to open in March of 2022. Additionally, during the third quarter of 2021, we continue to be an active acquirer of our own shares based in large part on our view that the underlying patient demand for our services and particularly in our behavioral segment remains fundamentally strong and that our ability to more fully – to meet that demand will incrementally improve as COVID volumes continue to decline. During the third quarter, we repurchased approximately 2.78 million shares at an aggregate cost of $419 million. Since the inception of the current share repurchase program in 2014, we have repurchased more than 20% of the company’s outstanding shares. We will be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Joanna Gajuk: Good morning. This is actually Joanna Gajuk filling in for Kevin. So, thanks so much for taking the question here. I guess, first clearly, you just said that the acute care segment results were better than expected offsetting a site which came in lower than your internal expectations. So how does the quarter I guess stack up versus internal views overall as it’s been and also I am asking in the context of any comment on your full year guidance?
Steve Filton: Yes. So, the adjusted EPS of $2.67 which we reported last night was very much in line with our internal forecast overall, obviously, as noted in my comments, with the acute care segment outperforming and behavioral underperforming and largely offsetting each other. As far as our full year guidance, our customary practice, which was true this quarter as well is with – absent any comments to the contrary, we are just maintaining and reaffirming our guidance.
Joanna Gajuk: Okay. I appreciate that comment. And I guess I have one question here, in terms of the issues you are seeing in the site segment. So obviously, where you have the – a lot of COVID activity and the virus activity in the community and you have to have hold on that, but then I guess you also mentioned some of the labor shortages there? So, can you talk about any actions you are taking to kind of try to sort of stick that trend there? And also, what happens to these patients, if you cannot take them or they are staying in the hospitals longer? And also, any color you might have on the labor shortage whether there is any difference between different product lines or geographies? Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yes. So, you asked multiple questions there. I will try and answer them. But some of them I suspect will be clarified by other people as well. So, as far as the labor shortage in the behavioral segment goes, to the degree that it is caused by the COVID surge itself, as you know, that’s largely out of our control. On the other hand, we are extremely focused and have a great number of initiatives to increase the efficiency of both our recruitment and retention functions. We are actually hiring employees, nurses as well as other personnel at record levels over the last several months. The challenge is that the churn or the turnover or the number of employees leaving at the same time for us as well as I believe most other hospitals is also quite large and I think driven in large part by the COVID surge as well, because many nurses, in particular, have the opportunity to work in a more acute setting, in an ICU and ER, etcetera and earn 400% or 500% of their salary if they are willing to travel or to work in a COVID environment. And so that challenge I think is difficult for us to overcome, although we are certainly trying, but I think that it will naturally abate as COVID volumes decline and those opportunities for nurses to earn those premiums or to dollars will decline. And I think most nurses will ultimately return to their home both literally and figuratively, geographically as well as back to their original jobs. And many of our nurses have told us that. So, we continue to be extremely focused on those activities. To the degree, I think that you had other questions I will wait and allow others to follow-up. Thank you.
Joanna Gajuk: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Marco Criscuolo: Good morning. This is actually Marco on for Josh. Thanks for taking the questions. Just a quick one, I was wondering if you had seen any impact from the vaccine mandates on the healthcare workforce in your markets? And then you talked a little bit about the trends in labor and behavioral care, but I was wondering if you could provide a little more detail on the staffing and wages within the acute care segment? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So, we had a number of geographies in the state of California, the state of Oregon, the city of Philadelphia and there are others that have vaccine mandates. I think for the most part, we have found that those vaccine mandates have not had a material impact on the labor situation in part because the mandates are pervasive. So, it’s not like if an employee wants to continue working and doesn’t want to get vaccinated, they can work in somebody else’s facility rather than ours. We have not on our own mandated the vaccine in any of our facilities where it is not mandated by a government authority, in part because given the shortage of labor personnel, we are not anxious to give people a reason to go elsewhere although we certainly are encouraging our employees as strongly as we can to become vaccinated. So, I don’t think it’s been a real significant factor. As far as staffing in the acute side, I mean, I think we are feeling these labor pressures that I alluded to certainly in both business segments. But I think what we have found and I think this has been true throughout the pandemic is that on the acute side, the labor shortage tends to manifest itself in higher premium hours and premium pay. So, in other words, we are able to fill most of our vacant, mostly nursing hours, but we fill it with premium pay that could either be over time from our own employees, shift differential, temporary nurses, traveling nurses, etcetera. It’s a very expensive alternative, but for the most part, we are able to fill most of our hours. And the good news on the acute side is, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, the higher acuity, the higher revenue, the higher volumes has been effectively offsetting those higher labor costs. The challenge on the behavioral side is that we are unable to fill a lot of those vacant hours even with premium dollars. We are certainly spending some premium dollars. But in some cases, we are just unable to fill the hours. And as a consequence we are having to turn patients away and therefore, we have got lower volumes. Again, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, 4% to 6% below pre-pandemic levels and not enough revenue to offset the higher labor costs, so different manifestation of, I think, the same sorts of broad dynamics in the labor shortage in the two business segments.
Marco Criscuolo: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Mok with UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Mok: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. Steve, I was hoping you could provide a bit more color on the revenue and volume trends in the behavioral business by geography. In geographies where COVID was present, but not surging, can you give us a sense for revenue performance there?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, I think what we have found, Andrew, is that the pressure on labor, in particular, but therefore, the pressure on volumes is very much tied to the level of COVID. I mean there is not – I actually have tried to sort of see if there is an absolute formula and I don’t know that there is, but I think there is a very close correlation. And so we are – we have got behavioral facilities in 37 states all around the country, etcetera. It would be difficult for me to sort of tick off literally geography by geography where we have seen kind of above average levels of COVID, etcetera. But where we see above average levels of COVID, we tend to see the labor pressures and therefore softer volumes. And in those markets where we don’t, we tend to see demand being manifested strongly. We are able to satisfy that demand, etcetera, which is why we remain pretty bullish about the idea that as COVID volumes overall recede as they have started to do, I think in the last 4, 5, 6 weeks, we will start to see some easing of those labor pressures, maybe not immediately, because I do think there is a time lag associated with a lot of these commitments of traveling and temporary nurses. And I think we saw that in Q1 where even as COVID volumes declined as early as mid-January 2021, it took a while for us to really sort of enjoy the benefits of that. So, we still struggled some in Q1, but then Q2 with lower COVID volumes saw upticks in volumes and not nearly as much pressure on the labor side. And I think we are hoping that’s sort of the same trend we are likely to see now.
Andrew Mok: Got it. Thanks for the color. And just a quick follow-up, we are now 20 months into the pandemic, have you had an opportunity to formally assess market share shifts in the behavioral segment, whether it’s geographical or by side of care? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, so market share data on the behavioral side is not, I think, as robust or precise as it is on the acute side. But our sense and both objectively to the degree that objective data is available and subjectively to the degree that we are able to talk with our competitors and the nature of the hospital industry is that employees, particularly nurses and patient care employees tend to move in many cases from one facility to another. So, it’s relatively easy to keep track of what’s happening in the market. And I think what we find is that in markets where we are struggling for labor, it seems like all of our peers are struggling in the same way and vice-versa. So while we are very focused on the things that we can do to improve and be more efficient from a recruitment and retention perspective, we acknowledge that these labor pressures are sort of more broad and more comprehensive than we have control over. But certainly, from a wage competitiveness issue, etcetera, we are always following what the market conditions are and literally changing and adjusting if not on a daily basis, on a weekly basis so that we are being as competitive as we can possibly be.
Andrew Mok: Great. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Pito Chickering: Hey, good morning guys. Quick guidance question for you, for fourth quarter guidance, can you tell us what needs to happen or if the low versus the high end of guidance? And what do you direct toward the Street models to sort of focus towards the mid-range for the fourth quarter? And as you think about 2022 guidance, any color of how much you believe you can grow in 2022 off of your 2019 EBITDA?
Steve Filton: So Pito, I think that the commentary as already indicated in today’s call, the most difficult aspect of projecting future results is understanding the pace of COVID decline. And frankly, if in fact, COVID continues to decline, we suspect that it will, it has been certainly at the moment. So how quickly the COVID volumes recede and therefore, how quickly the labor pressures ease. And again, with the notion that I think there is some delay of at least a couple of months, etcetera. So my sense is because we’re probably – it will be difficult to sort of have a full recovery in Q4 from the labor pressures, it would be difficult to sort of have an outperformance in both of our business segments in Q4. As a consequence, I think getting to the high end of our range would certainly be a little more challenging. But – and I think the fact that we’re reaffirming guidance is indicative of the fact that we feel like getting into the lower to mid-range of our guidance should be achievable as long as we continue to see the COVID trends and the labor trends that we’ve started to see at the very end of September and into October. As far as 2022 goes, even in what I would describe in quotes is the normal year, we wouldn’t be giving guidance for the following year as part of our third quarter call. And so in an environment that is as uncertain as today is, we’re certainly not going to do that either. But I will say this, I mean I think as we think about creating our 2022 guidance and think about what the business looks like next year, we tend to use 2019 as a base, 2019 being a pandemic-free year. And even though we don’t expect 2022 to be COVID free, we just think that 2019 is kind of a more meaningful base. And I think we – as we would in any normal year, we would expect to grow off that base. And the question sort of becomes, do we expect to experience sort of cumulative 2 or 3 years growth off of that base? Or do we expect to get just 1 years’ worth of growth? And I think that’s ultimately, where we’re going to spend a lot of our focus when we do sit down and do our 2022 forecasting with more precision. And my gut is somewhere in between. We will expect 2022 to grow more than just a year’s worth over that 2019 base, but certainly not the full sort of 3 years’ worth of I think that there has been some development activity and growth activity that we’ve just lost during the pandemic and won’t be sort of recapture-able. So I’ve seen some consensus numbers, which I don’t look at in great detail that show us in the sort of the high single digits, 7%, 8%, 9% above 2019. And levels and at the moment can certainly change, but that doesn’t feel unreasonable.
Pito Chickering: Okay, great. And then just a quick follow-up one here on the labor side for both acute and behavioral. How much of this pressure do you think is short-term is from COVID or do for long-term pressure? Do you believe it normalizes in 2022? If you had to quantify, we think that inflation would be for nurses in 2022, not your premium labor but just your full-time employees, sort of what type of inflation you see versus a year later? Thanks so much.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, so – again, I would make the point that I think the underlying wage inflation is not what is mostly driving the wage pressure. It is the premium pay. It’s – the use of over time it’s the payment of temporary nurses and traveling nurses and sign-on bonuses and that sort of thing. And to your point about the outlook, is this temporary or structural, I think the honest answer is something in between. I do think there is no question that a lot of this demand, heightened demand has been created by the COVID surge itself. Again, if you can go online, and look for nursing opportunities, not that any of this call is necessarily going to do that. But if you did, you’d see that those opportunities are working in COVID units, in ICUs and ERs, etcetera. And I think as the virus recedes and just become sort of settled in at what they described as endemic – rather pandemic levels, we just think a lot of those opportunities will naturally sort of fall away. And nurses, again, will sort of retreat back to their original jobs, if you will. So that part, I think, is certainly temporary. I do think there is some structural changes that have been made. I think there are some nurses that have permanently left the workforce, either to take new jobs, and they have been retrained in different specialties, or they have just been burned out, etcetera. And I think it’s incumbent upon us. And quite likely, I think, hospitals in general will come up with, as a result, new patient care models that rely less on RNs in particular and other caregivers, LPNs and tech and EMTs, etcetera, as well as more – relies more on technology that allows us to deliver the same level of patient care without necessarily the same number, particularly registered nurses. So part of I think this issue is structural, and we will address that. And part of it is temporary that I think will naturally get better as the virus numbers recede.
Pito Chickering: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Please, go ahead.
Perry Wong: Hi, this is Perry on for Justin. Steve, I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on your thoughts around 2022. It seems like high single digits isn’t totally unreasonable. I was wondering if you can sort of break down what that growth will look like between behavior and acute? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, I don’t think we’re prepared to get into that level of detail on today’s call. And again, I think a lot of it depends. We won’t give our formal 2022 guidance until the end of February in our year-end earnings announcement. So it’s a good 4 months from now. And in this pandemic, 4 months feels like a lifetime in the sense of how things can change, etcetera. But I think – how we think about the two business segments, how we think about overall growth is, again, going to very much depend on whether the cadence of virus frequency continues to recede as it has been doing over the last month or so, whether there are any new variants or upticks in the wintertime, etcetera, which some people expect there might be and then how the labor shortage is really affected. And sort of getting back to the previous question, we will have a better feel for how much of this labor pressure is really temporary and gets better and how much we have to, sort of, address in a more structural way. So again, other than the comments that I’ve already made, as I said, we wouldn’t be giving precise guidance in a normal, predictable year, and this is far from that. So I don’t think we’re going to get into any more detail than we already have.
Perry Wong: Okay. Maybe just one more question. I think earlier this year, you had said during the high that the pandemic contract nursing was about 12% of your total nursing hours. Can you give us an idea of what percentage that was this quarter? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So again, those numbers vary by business segment pretty dramatically. I would say on the acute side, the percentage of premium hours in this surge was probably in the high single digits, 8%, 9%, getting close to 10%. Not quite as high as it was back in the January ‘21 period because I think the COVID numbers themselves were not as high, but still pretty high. On the behavioral side, I think our premium hours are only around about 2% of our overall hours and harkening back to comments I’ve already made, it’s because we can’t get enough of those premium hours to satisfy the need that we have. We wish we could, quite frankly. And that’s why it’s been more of a challenge on the behavioral side because filling those hours is more difficult. Keep in mind that employees in the behavioral setting, particularly nurses, are generally making less than they would otherwise make in an acute setting. I think that has always been true. And when there is been a small differential, I think there is always been sufficient reasons why many nurses prefer to work in a behavioral setting. It’s very different, and every nurse has sort of a different view of what they are looking for in a patient care experience. When a nurse has the opportunity to make 400% or 500% of her base salary, all of a sudden, I think a lot of those other factors become less important, and the financial dynamics just overwhelm everything else. And I think that’s what we’re seeing in this current surge. And I think the other thing that’s worth noting is the current surge related to the Delta variant is the first surge we’ve seen during the pandemic in which many of the nurses are vaccinated. And so pursuing these very lucrative financial opportunities, I think nurse’s view is a less risky proposition than they might have a year ago or 18 months ago before they were vaccinated.
Perry Wong: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please, go ahead.
Frank Morgan: Good morning. Just on the topic of the COVID volumes as a percentage of total admissions in the acute side of the business, could you talk a little bit about how that affected the rest of your business in terms of in and outpatient surgeries or overall payer mix, ED volumes, those kind of things? That’s my first question. And then the second one is just with regard to all these issues since the end of the quarter, have you seen any incremental changes in anything like – or COVID, are you seeing COVID volumes going down? Are you starting to see the use of temporary labor start to change? And are you seeing any kind of changes in the overall mix of your patients from a payer standpoint? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Sure, Frank. So the percentage of our acute care admissions that had a COVID diagnosis during the third quarter was around 14%. Keep in mind that because the length of stay is probably, on average, about twice for a COVID patient than a non-COVID patient. That’s something close to 30% of our patient days were represented by patients with a COVID diagnosis, so pretty significant impact. But as I indicated in my earlier remarks, we did have that same crowding up dynamic for most of the quarter. For most of the quarter, ER traffic, elective and scheduled procedures were really have recovered and rebounded to pre-pandemic levels, maybe a little above, maybe a little below. September, we saw some surgical and elective deflections and postponements. It feels like – and I don’t have all the data, but it feels like we’ve already recaptured a lot of that in October. So it doesn’t feel like there is a real, sort of, permanent loss there. And again, in the sense, as I’ve now said a few times, is COVID volumes have clearly been declining for the last 4, 5, 6 weeks. We’re seeing some early indications of that leading to some also easing of the labor pressures, although again, I’ll repeat what I’ve also said again a number of times. I think there is a time lag there. And because a lot of these commitments – both that we make to nurses, traveling nurses and temporary nurses and that nurses make to other facilities have a sort of time lapse associated with them. We don’t feel the impact of those declining COVID volumes on the labor pressures immediately. But we’ve certainly seen the first early signs of it, and I think they’ll certainly continue during the quarter if the COVID volumes continue to decline.
Frank Morgan: And anything you would call out on surgery inpatient versus outpatient? Did you see any more impact on one versus the other? And I will hop. Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean – so when we talk about postponements and deferrals, they have tended to be on inpatient surgeries. Because the concern has always been, do we have enough beds if there is kind of an unexpected surge in COVID patients. I’m sure that anecdotally, we canceled or postponed an outpatient surgery here or there. But for the most part, to the degree that there were postponements and deferrals, and I don’t think there was a material amount of them in Q3, but to the degree there were, I think they were mostly in the inpatient area.
Frank Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Bosch with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please, go ahead.
Ben Rossi: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. You have Ben Rossi filling in for Matt here. Regarding payer mix, would you talk a little bit about utilization by payer across commercial, Medicare and Medicaid and whether you’re seeing differences in acuity or utilization between them? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean the interesting thing, I think, is that payer mix has remained relatively stable during the pandemic. Obviously, there is some government assistance there. So first the program pays hospitals for uncompensated patients or patients who have COVID that are uninsured and that’s been helpful to keep down uncompensated volumes and bad debt expense. We’ve seen, I think, as most hospitals have reported, a shift in COVID patients in this most recent surge to a bit of a younger cohort, because I think such a large proportion of the Medicare age population has been vaccinated and because so many of the COVID patients now are unvaccinated, they tend to be younger and more patients in their 40s and 50s. They tend to be a little bit more commercial than Medicare. But again, honestly, I don’t think the payer mix and – I mean the stability of the payer mix has been helpful. But the slight improvement in the payer mix is, in my mind, not what’s driving the strong acute care results. It’s the combination of the acuity, the reimbursement, etcetera, associated with the COVID patients, combined with the relative strength and recovery in the non-COVID volumes, I think has much more of an impact than actually a slightly improved payer mix.
Ben Rossi: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please, go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Two quick questions here, I guess. First of all, the debt-to-EBITDA is down below 2x, which is, obviously, stands out in this sector to see someone dropping that low in leverage. Can you comment – I know you guys were active on the share repurchase in the quarter. As you’re articulating that you think this is an unusual situation that converged to depressed results a little bit, especially on the behavioral side, and you see that turning around, any thought on doing anything even more aggressive in terms of share repurchase to take advantage of what sounds like, at least in your mind, hopefully a temporary pullback in the shares?
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think it’s worth noting, A.J., that our original guidance for the year and then even our revised guidance, we presume we’d be repurchasing about $750 million worth of our stock pretty much ratably over Q2, Q3 and Q4. Through the end of Q3, we’ve already repurchased over $750 million of stock for the reasons that we articulated in our opening comments. I suspect we will continue to be an active acquirer, particularly if there is any sort of weakness in any further weakness in the stock, etcetera. We remain pretty bullish on the prospects of both of the business segments and are very comfortable investing in our own shares, and I think we will continue to do so unless the dynamics change in some measurable way.
A.J. Rice: Okay. There have been some discussion – obviously, you have the firepower to do it about the potential coming out of the pandemic to both on the acute and even potentially on the behavioral side, there might be increased deal opportunities as people look to maybe align with someone with deeper pockets on the acute side and then obviously not only acquisition, but JVs with acute care players on the behavioral side. Can you just comment on – have you seen any pickup in discussions or dialogue around any of that? And any reason to think you will see an accelerated pace coming out of the pandemic here?
Steve Filton: Yes. And so on the acute side, I actually think in retrospect that the significant amount of infusion of government subsidies, reimbursement, mainly in the form of the CARES Act funds, has helped support not-for-profit hospitals that might have otherwise felt more financial duress during the pandemic. So, I don’t think you are seeing a real robust deal flow of not-for-profit hospitals looking for an exit strategy or partner, etcetera. But there are deals that we are always looking at. I mean I highlighted in, again, my opening comments, we have done a couple of smaller deals like buying a micro hospital and specialty hospital in Las Vegas, continuing to invest in our freestanding emergency room development. And I would add that those freestanding emergency rooms have really performed very well. I think they have performed very well from the outset, but I think have done particularly well during the pandemic. There seems to be the willingness of patients to potentially get their care at a freestanding ED and feel somewhat safe or less threatened than they do in a large hospital emergency room. So, all of that’s good stuff. I think on joint venture initiative side of behavioral, we didn’t talk about it this quarter, but I think we mentioned last quarter that we have opened joint venture hospitals with acute care partners in Iowa, in Missouri this year. We are scheduled to open in the next few months in Michigan, in Wisconsin, our first behavioral hospital in Wisconsin. So, that deal flow of these joint venture opportunities continues. And I think – we think, is a source of significant growth for us. So, we will continue to pursue those. And then there are other deals out there in behavioral. I think we view it as an indication of the fundamental strength of the behavioral business that these deals attract a lot of interest, both from strategic players as well as financial sponsors. So, there can be pretty frothy auction processes. But we look at a lot of those as well and we will continue to do that.
A.J. Rice: Alright. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jamie Perse with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jamie Perse: Hey, good morning Steve and Marc. I wanted to follow-up on some of the comments on the acute care side. It sounds like you said in a number of categories you are at or near pre-pandemic levels, and there wasn’t a big crowding out from COVID this quarter. So, I wanted to dig into that a little bit. It does seem like adjusted admissions took a slight step back versus 2019 compared to the second quarter. So, where are you seeing some of these at or near pre-pandemic levels by setting or by category versus where are things still lagging a bit?
Steve Filton: Yes. So, I do think Jamie, that the higher the COVID levels, the more challenging we are in sort of backfilling that non-COVID business. And to your point, I think we have less issues with that in the second quarter, which was probably our lowest COVID quarter certainly for several quarters than we did in the third quarter, which I think is probably our highest COVID quarter. And so that dynamic and I mentioned it before that even though we mostly ran at pre-pandemic levels, we did have some deferrals and postponement in – particularly in the September timeframe and particularly on the inpatient side. I think our point of view is that as COVID volumes decline, the demand for non-COVID activities will be able to backfill the sort of the loss of COVID with those non-COVID activities as long as the labor situation allows us to do that. I think again, in both of our business segments, I think we are more focused on our ability to meet the demand than whether the demand is really going to be there. We have every indication that demand for both business segments remain quite strong.
Jamie Perse: Okay. Thanks for that. And just switching over to the behavioral side, you talked about the capping of bed capacity and the clinical and other labor as two components driving the – the pressure in the quarter. Just wondering if you can tease apart those two, I mean which was more impactful in the quarter. And more importantly, looking forward into 4Q is it fair to assume the first one, the bed capacity improves a little bit and the labor stays kind of where you are at? Just would love any thoughts on the progression of those two factors into the fourth quarter.
Steve Filton: Sure. Well. Jamie, first, I would make a point that to a degree, although we sort of talk about these factors as being discrete and separate, they often sort of interplay on each other. So, when we have a COVID surge in a facility, we are likely to have more COVID patients. We are likely to have more of our employees who are either out with the virus or out because they have been exposed to the virus. And so – and whenever there is a COVID surge, we are going to face incremental challenges. And sometimes, we will say that we have capped the beds because we have got COVID patients and sometimes we say it’s because we can’t find enough staff. Often, it is both in a combined way. But again, as I think we have said multiple times, I think what we find and have found every time in the second quarter, I think it was reflective of this, that as the COVID volumes decline, both of those pressures tend to ease. But if I have to say one was more prevalent than the other, I would say that the labor shortage has been a more pervasive, impactful issue than the actual, sort of, isolation of the patient’s issue.
Jamie Perse: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with SVB Leerink. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Whit Mayo: Hi. Thanks. So, you guys rarely talk about your health plan, which I think is in Reno, maybe I am incorrect or your ACO. Are there any trends or developments, any changes in network coverage that we should be aware of? And I believe the performance of the MSSP ACO has been pretty strong in prior year. So, just wondering if this is something that you guys think differently about strategically, maybe more broadly across the portfolio?
Steve Filton: Yes. Thanks Whit. It’s a good question. I mean I think the reason that we don’t specifically address our ACO activity, or the activity of our insurance plan, is because I think we view it as integrated very closely with the overall strategies of our hospitals in their markets. So, we don’t operate the insurance plan anywhere where we don’t have hospitals. We have some sort of accountable care organization in every acute care market in which we operate, in some cases, a majority equity ownership as in Las Vegas, in other cases, some equity ownership. But we view sort of an ACO strategy, sometimes the presence of a Medicare Advantage insurance product as integral to those markets. And I think they have been very helpful. And again, we don’t really talk about our insurance company sort of as a separate entity because at the end of the day, it largely exists as sort of an adjacency or a corollary to the strength of our kind of fully integrated delivery network in a market and we tend to talk about the markets themselves rather than the individual components, same thing really with our freestanding EDs. We mentioned them today because I think it’s a worthwhile. But for the most part, we view them again, as an integral component of a broader integrated network.
Whit Mayo: Okay. No, that’s helpful. And Steve, I think you recorded a few million dollars of the Kentucky Medicaid program in the quarter. Is that a prior period number? And then just maybe refresh us on expectations for CMS approval. And then maybe any comments around Texas DSH?
Steve Filton: Yes. So, just to remind everyone, we recorded in the second quarter, $55 million of special Kentucky Medicaid reimbursement that was approved during that quarter. As the state did it’s sort of final calculations, etcetera, we have realized that there was an additional $7 million to be recorded as part of that program, which went from July of 2020 to June of 2021. So, we have recorded that additional $7 million in Q3 that related to the previous state fiscal year program. We are expecting the state has applied for CMS approval for a similar program, which will cover the period from July of ‘21 to June of ‘22. We are expecting that program to be approved by CMS. We are expecting the benefit for our Kentucky hospitals to be something comparable to what we have recorded in the previous fiscal year. But we will wait to record that until the final CMS approval is granted. We are hoping and maybe expecting that, that will be before the end of the calendar year. But no guarantee of that, but we will record it when we get it. As far as district goes, I think that Texas DSH program will either – it’s either going to continue for a period of time or will be replaced by a comparable program. And therefore, I think the amount of DSH dollars should not really change significantly going forward.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Excluding COVID Steve, do you think underlying acuity is still up? And I only ask because when I look at the absolute dollar of revenue per adjusted admission, it was up, but obviously, there is a lot more COVID this quarter. So, just interested in, I guess your thoughts on sort of core acuity and how you think about the pricing stack going into next year?
Steve Filton: Yes. I think it’s a reasonable point, Ralph. I mean I think what we have seen throughout the pandemic is that the lowest acuity procedure is that we would tend to have as part of our emergency room traffic, etcetera, with those that fell away early on and to a degree, I think remain those that have not returned. So, while I think the increase in acuity is driven mostly by the COVID patients themselves, I do think that when you look at the non-COVID cohort of patients, that acuity has also increased slightly. And I am not sure it’s because we are seeing more acute procedures as much as we are seeing, sort of the absence of some of that really lower acuity stuff. And honestly, I am not sure we know exactly where that’s gone, but it seems to have fallen away from the hospital emergency rooms.
Ralph Giacobbe: Yes. Okay, fair enough. And then just maybe can you talk about the pricing backdrop with payers? Maybe remind us of the average rate increases you have been getting, I guess on the acute care side? And whether you would think you can sort of price up more going forward, given sort of just the labor and inflation dynamics. And I guess both for acute and even behavioral, we don’t talk about it a lot on the behavioral side, but maybe if there is any leverage there, given the current circumstances? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean I think that our contractual managed care or insurance contractual activity has sort of continued at around the same levels. I would say our average price increases on the acute care side are in that sort of 4% to 6% range annually, on the behavioral side, 2% to 4%. And we have – I think specifically talked in previous quarters about having had some success on the behavioral side in getting some managed Medicaid contractual increases, in some cases, on contracts where we have not seen increases in multiple years, we continue to sort of work at that. But I don’t envision that the managed care pricing dynamic has really changed a great deal during the pandemic or is likely to change significantly coming out of the pandemic.
Ralph Giacobbe: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. I wanted to go back to paying premium in-site leading to record hiring. We sell out in our research tracking your shifts and bonus strategy. But are you saying that because of churn, the net headcount of site nurses isn’t higher. So, we wouldn’t see higher patients being served or bed openings in 4Q as a result of the strong 3Q hiring? And then bigger picture-wise, when you think about recruiting new grads into site as opposed to acute, do you think the hourly wage gap between those two segments has to shrink?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean again, I am going to make the point that I have made before. I mean I think that the COVID crisis has created an opportunity for nurses, both acute and behavioral nurses, to earn wage rates that are just beyond anything that has been previously comparable. Again, it sounds like you have done a lot of research, you know you are going to have to do a ton. But if you go online and look for nursing opportunities, you can see that there are nursing opportunities in which nurses can easily earn $10,000 a week working in a COVID environment. So, these are nurses who maybe are earning $70,000 or $80,000 a year, maybe $80,000 or $90,000 a year. But now they are earning at a rate of $500,000 a year. So, when you have those sort of opportunities, there is no way we can close that gap. That gap will be closed by the elimination of those opportunities. So, that I think is the issue. And again, I think the comment that we were making before, I was making before, is while we have hired a record number of – and not just nurses, by the way, this includes therapists and mental health tech, etcetera, we are seeing quite a bit of churn. And again, as you know, I mean I think the American labor force in general is seeing quite a bit of churn. Obviously, I think it’s more exacerbated in healthcare in hospitals. But it is a bit of a dynamic that we are seeing across the labor landscape. So, we continue, in every market, we have always spent time making sure that our wages are competitive and performing compensation studies, etcetera. We are more attuned to that now and are doing it more frequently than we have ever had before. And we certainly acknowledge that. Particularly, we have got to be competitive with our peers, with other behavioral hospitals, etcetera. But behavioral nurse is always going to be able to make more money in an ICU setting in an ER setting than in a behavioral setting. Again, I have talked to many, many nurses, both acute and behavioral, over the years. And I think for the most part, they work where they work because they enjoy the patient care dynamics in the setting in which they work. And again, when there is a 10% or 20% pay differential, I think nurses can convince themselves that they want to work where they are happier. When there is a 400% or 500% differential that becomes a tougher argument to make.
Sarah James: Okay. And then last question, can you speak to how we should think about cadence for ‘22, because some of your acute peers have been hinting at a back-end loading of ‘22 with some of the labor pressure lightening or COVID pressure lightening in the back half of the year. So, how should we think about UHS seasonality first half versus second half versus a normal year?
Steve Filton: And again, Sarah, my apologies, but I think at the level of detail and precision that we are not prepared to talk about today. Not because we don’t want to talk about it and we know how we are thinking about it, but because we don’t know how to think about it just yet. Again, I think a lot of this is dependent on how the next few months unfold in terms of the COVID volumes and labor shortages. I think it’s way too early to talk about cadence for 2022, at least from our perspective. To the degree our peers are comfortable doing that, more power too.
Sarah James: Okay. Thank you very much.
Steve Filton: Operator, are there any more questions?
Operator: I am showing no further questions at this time.
Steve Filton: Okay. We would like to thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking to everybody on our year-end call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Universal Health Services Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there'll be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Steve Filton, CFO. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Filton: Thank you, and good morning. Marc Miller is also joining us this morning, and we both welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2021. During the conference call, we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the Company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $3.79 for the second quarter of 2021. After adjusting for the impact of the items reflected on the supplemental schedule, as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $3.76 for the quarter ended June 30, 2021. In last night's press release, we identified three specific items, including supplemental Kentucky Medicaid reimbursements, an increase to our self-insured professional and general liability reserves, and the receipt of insurance proceeds. On a combined basis, these items had a net favorable impact on after-tax earnings of approximately $30 million during the second quarter of 2021. Even if one chooses to ignore the favorable impact entirely, our earnings during the quarter still exceeded our internal forecast by a wide margin. For most of the second quarter, we experienced a continued decline in the number of COVID-19 patients being treated in our hospitals and a corresponding recovery in the number of non-COVID patients. As a result, most of our key volume metrics, including acute and behavioral patient days, emergency room visits and surgical cases grew to levels approaching those that we were tracking before the pandemic began. This robust recovery in volumes exceeded the pace of our original forecast and drove the favorable operating results even in the face of continuing labor pressures in both of our business segments. Our cash generated from operating activities was $119 million during the second quarter of 2021 as compared to $1.45 billion during the same period in 2020. The decline in cash provided by operating activities was driven by the previously announced early repayment of $695 million of Medicare accelerated payments, which were received by us during 2020 and repaid to the government during the first quarter of 2021. We spent $482 million on capital expenditures during the first six months of 2021. At June 30, 2021, our ratio of debt to total capitalization declined to 35.7% as compared to 38.3% at June 30, 2020. As previously announced, we resumed our share repurchase program in the second quarter of 2021 after suspending it in April 2020 as the COVID volume surged for the first time. During the second quarter of 2021, we repurchased approximately 2.21 million shares at an aggregate cost of $350 million. And yesterday, our Board of Directors authorized a $1.0 billion increase to our stock repurchase program, leaving $1.2 billion remaining authorization. We were extremely pleased with our second quarter 2021 operating results, which we noted were well ahead of our internal forecast. As a consequence, we also raised our full year earnings guidance, including an approximately 6% to 8% increase in our full year forecasted adjusted EBITDA. I would note that during the past four to six weeks, many of our hospitals have experienced significant surges in the number of COVID patients, and it is not evident that this surge has yet reached its peak. Given the uncertain impact of this most recent surge on non-COVID volumes and on labor shortages, we based our guidance for the second half of the year, primarily on our original internal forecast. Marc and I would be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Just wanted to follow up on the labor issue. It seems like a lot of companies are talking about difficulty in getting staffed. And I guess really interested mostly on the psych side that's been kind of a gating factor to growth for you guys. What are you seeing now? And how do you expect that to play out over the next year or so?
Steve Filton: Sure. Well, Kevin, we've certainly discussed it for some time. I think we felt like before the pandemic began that the labor situation in our behavioral hospitals have largely stabilized from some of the challenges we've been having in the years before that. Obviously, the onset of the pandemic that have exacerbated and kind of created new challenges in terms of -- are finding sufficient numbers of therapists and nurses and mental health technicians who are nonprofessionals. For a variety of reasons, competition from telehealth providers, for therapists, nurses who were either burn out or contracting the virus or quarantining because they've been exposed to the virus or mental health technicians who we were competing with employers like Amazon or FedEx with. So a whole bunch of challenges, I think, during the pandemic. Again, I think as the pandemic eased in from its peaks early this year, I think the labor situation has been improving. And I think you saw that in Q2 with sequential improvement in our volumes and just a sort of a general stabilization of the behavioral business. Obviously, as I mentioned in my remarks, we've seen an uptick in COVID patients in the last four to six weeks. I think it's a little too early to tell what sort of impact that's going to have on our ability to fill all of our open labor positions. And it's why, as I, again, made -- commented in my prepared remarks, we've been a little bit cautious about our guidance in the back half of the year.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. That makes sense. And I guess maybe just a little more color on the psych volume improvement. I guess you've got a different number, different service lines in psych. Are they all returning uniformly or some doing better than others?
Steve Filton: It's very geographic specific. Number one, Kevin, I mean, I think it really depends about the competitive environment in the market. So, we have some markets where it is frankly not an issue and others where it's a significant issue. I will say that again, in May, June, July, we were setting internal records for how many people we were hiring at all levels as a result of some very focused equities on our part to increase our recruitment activities, et cetera. We were also focusing a great deal on increasing retention rates for those people we do hire, but again, express some level of caution and concern with the rise in COVID volumes in the last month or so only because every other time we've seen an increase in COVID patients, it does create an exacerbated pressure on those labor issues.
Kevin Fischbeck: And maybe just another question. It looks like your cyclones are still down, I guess, maybe versus 2019. Is that the right way to think about it? And when do you think you can get back to those levels?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean I think as we've commented many times over the course of the pandemic, the underlying demand by sort of every way that we measure it for behavioral care is as strong as it was pre-pandemic and quite frankly, probably stronger, whether we measure that on inbound increase calls, internet inquiries, et cetera, or the amount of patients that were required to deflect because we don't have beds or we don't have sufficient staff, et cetera. Every indicator that we have both on a sort of macro industry-wide basis and a micro UHS basis indicates that the demand is still growing. As I indicated, I think we felt that as the pandemic eased, a lot of those pressures were easing, not necessarily disappearing by any stretch, but easing. We didn't have -- nurses weren't as burned out, nurses weren't chasing those premium dollars. It just became easier to hire and to retain people. So I think that the COVID resurgence makes it a bit more challenging. But ultimately, we have a view that these shortages are temporary and transient in nature and when they get resolved, which I think will happen as the pandemic eases over time, we'll be able to get back to pre-pandemic volumes and ultimately see pre-pandemic volumes.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Joshua Raskin with Nephron Research.
Marco Criscuolo: This is Marco on for Josh. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could just provide a bit more detail on the cadence of volumes through the quarter relative to the pre-COVID baseline? And would also appreciate some color on the trends you're seeing through July and thoughts around what is baked into guidance for the second half of the year? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Sure. So I think we commented in Q1, we reached our -- the peak of our COVID levels, the third wave of COVID patients was sort of in late December 2020 and into January of 2021. Those were our highest COVID levels at almost all of our hospitals that we experienced during the pandemic. I would say beginning in the second half of January and then pretty steadily from there, COVID volumes declined and non-COVID volumes have recovered and rebounded. And as I indicated again in my prepared remarks to the point that by the time we exited Q2, for most of our volume metrics, we were back to sort of pre-pandemic and were sort of using 2019 as our measure of pre-pandemic levels of volumes. As I also indicated, we've seen COVID patients surged again beginning very late June and certainly well into July, and they don't appear to have peaked. Now what I will say is that our operators seem to be managing through this fourth wave of COVID very effectively. We certainly have seen a financial result since the COVID surge has resumed. But just from a volume metric perspective, we don't see that level of decline in things like elective surgeries or other activity that we've seen with other COVID surges. I think our operators are just much more accustomed to dealing with this, all of the sort of gating factors that have proved problematic in earlier surges, lack of PPE, lack of beds, lack of ventilators, those things, at least at the moment, don't exist. So we're coping much better. I do think probably the single biggest issue we will have with the resumption of COVID is just exacerbated pressure on labor. Every time that COVID frequency has increased, there's been more and more pressure on labor, and that's tough to measure. I mean, I think we know that we're using more temporary labor in July, but what the ultimate impact of that will be will have to play out. But at least so far through July, we seem to be coping reasonably well. However, as I indicated again in my prepared remarks, because we're sort of uncertain as to how this plays out and what the cadence will be, we've been cautious and haven't assumed that our financial results will sort of exceed our internal forecast in the back half of the year the way they did in Q2. And we've just sort of presumed that we'll meet our original guidance for the back half of the year for the most part.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe: Steve, can you talk a little bit more about utilization by payer just across commercial, Medicare and Medicaid, and also if you're seeing differences in acuity between them as well beyond sort of utilization?
Steve Filton: I mean I think what the second quarter results are emblematic of -- and I think this is -- seems to have been true for at least our two acute care public peer who also have already reported this quarter is that there is a very favorable mix of patients as COVID has declined, and the non-COVID patients have recovered, the payer mix of those patients is skewed to commercial and to Medicare. We're seeing in a lot of our markets, fewer Medicaid and uninsured patients. We're seeing higher acuity of the patients we are treating. We've said, I think, from the beginning that the patients who sort of reluctant to come to the hospitals, driving softer emergency room activity, et cetera, tend to be lower acuity, Medicaid on insured patients. And so that mix obviously is reflected, albeit at lower volumes and higher revenue per unit, per adjusted admission, per adjusted patient day on both the acute and the behavioral side and increased earnings. So I think that's been generally a positive development and so positive that quite frankly, it has outweighed and even, I think, arguably overwhelmed the increased labor pressure that we've experienced. Now again, I'll caution that we may see a different dynamic in Q3 with higher levels of COVID patients, the mix may not be quite as favorable, but I think it was very favorable in Q2.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then I was hoping you could help frame what you are seeing specific to COVID. Maybe just baseline it for us, what percentage of admissions were COVID in the second quarter? And then obviously, obviously, you talked about the increase in just the last kind of few weeks. I was hoping to get sort of a quantification of what percentage of admissions you've seen of late that are COVID of the baseline? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think in the second quarter, the percentage of COVID admissions to overall admissions had dropped into the sort of mid-single digits. I think throughout the pandemic, our average has been more like the low double digit, 12%, 13%. And I think at its peak in, let's say, January of 2021 or the first half of January 2021, we were at that maybe 20% of our admissions were COVID. Our COVID volumes today are similar to what they were a year ago in the sort of June, July time frame from a year ago, which, again, I would suggest we're in sort of the low double-digit percentage, 10%, 11%, 12% of our overall admissions. So not near the peak of where we were in January, but either close to or exceeding where we were in the second wave last summer.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Pito Chickering: They're getting closer to the 2019 levels, but not there yet. As you think about the back half of the year, should we be thinking about admissions accelerating sequentially from here and exiting the year at or above 2019 levels for fourth quarter?
Steve Filton: So Peter, I think our point of view was, when we gave our original 2021 guidance, we had a point of view about declining cadence of COVID patients and frequency of COVID patients and a corresponding recovery in non-COVID volumes. I think the fact of the matter is, and I think our second quarter results reflect this that the decline in COVID patients was more rapid than we originally anticipated and the recovery of non-COVID business was also correspondingly more rapid. And obviously, it led to second quarter results that were well ahead of our expectations. I think as we think about now the second half of the year, again, the most recent COVID surge sort of complicates that, and I don't know that where any of us are really insightful enough to know exactly how that will affect the ultimate trajectory for the rest of the year. But I think we have a point of view that some of the catch-up and recovery of those deferred procedures, et cetera, were realized in the second quarter that maybe we had anticipated would occur later in the year. And so, I think we were thinking about a little bit more seasonality in the back half of the year. So I think, for instance, as I look at The Street estimates, I think The Street was projecting just steady improvement in volumes sort of throughout the year, which was sort of defied the traditional seasonality. And at the beginning of the year, that seemed to make some sense. But I think now that we've had such a strong second quarter, presuming that the COVID volumes decline relatively soon. I think we think the second half of the year will look a little more seasonal -- traditional seasonally than maybe we expected originally.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Fair enough. And then on behavioral margins, they increased 100 basis points sequentially after we pull out the $55 million from Kentucky. I guess how should we think about behavioral margins progression throughout the year? And can you walk us through the sort of the hires in June and July? And how do you think about hiring versus top line growth versus margins? Thanks so much.
Steve Filton: Yes. I think that a lot of the strength in behavior and the increase in margins that you alluded to is being driven by strong pricing or revenue per adjusted day. And we talked about that quite a bit in the last few quarters. I think it's driven by lower level of denials, less uninsured patients, a number of other things, including some negotiated price increases with some of our managed care payers, particularly our managed Medicaid payers. It's been a little bit difficult to sort of predict how sustainable those levels are. I think some of that improvement is based on a little bit less rigorous utilization management behavior on the part of payers. And I think there was a view that at some point, as we emerge from the pandemic, the payers would become sort of more aggressive than they have been during the pandemic. We'll see how that occurs. But I think we have a point of view that as pricing moderates some, our volumes will continue to recover. And that's really based on the labor sort of dynamics that you talked about. And again, I mentioned that we've been seeing from our own internal perspective, very impressive hiring numbers for the last few months. What is difficult to measure in real time is exactly how our turnover rates are doing for a while. I think they had stabilized, the concern is with the resurgence in COVID that turnover rates could increase because we've seen turnover rates increase every time that COVID volumes increase. So that's the piece that's a little bit difficult to peg with precision.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jamie Perse with Goldman Sachs.
Jamie Perse: I wanted to start with EBITDA and just thinking about 2022 and given where your guidance is for the rest of this year. How are you thinking about the longer-term growth of EBITDA, again, just given where you're going to exit this year relative to where Street is for 2022?
Steve Filton: So I think our point of view is that the underlying fundamentals of both of these businesses have not really changed in any significant way. And the way that we've always thought about the long-term model for both of these businesses is that, they could and should grow from a top line perspective in the mid-single-digit range, 5%, 6%, 7%. And all other things being equal, if you were able to achieve that, that EBITDA growth would meet or exceed that and margins would expand, et cetera., because this is still a largely fixed and semi-fixed cost business. Obviously, during the pandemic, that sort of traditional model was significantly disrupted because of an overemphasis on COVID patients who tend to be sicker, less profitable and a decline in non-COVID business, whose patients tend to be more profitable. But I think our point of view and again, we're not smart enough to know exactly what the cadence and frequency of the COVID patients is going to be. But I think our longer-term point of view was as the COVID volumes declined. And again, I think Q2 was a perfect example of this. We sort of returned to a more normalized model where volume growth was in the low single digits. Pricing growth was in the low single digits, on a combined basis, revenue growth was in the mid-single digits. EBITDA growing, margins were expanding, et cetera. And I think at this point, that's how we think about 2022 with the sort of caveat that we presume that 2022 will be a relatively quiet year from a COVID perspective, but that's probably more helpful than anything else at this point.
Jamie Perse: Okay. That's really helpful. And then share repo and dividend, obviously both back now. Just how are you thinking about other legs of capital deployment, specifically M&A, just your interest level there and what you're seeing out there in the market? Thank you.
Steve Filton: Sure, and Marc can certainly weigh in on this subject as well. But I think we have -- we saw about interest level. I don't think our interest level in M&A has declined. I think somebody asked Marc the question specifically in the first quarter call, and he talked about the fact that we continue to look at and explore and perform diligence on a whole host of opportunities in both business segments at the end of the day other than some relatively small opportunities, which we pursue things like micro hospitals and freestanding emergency departments, et cetera, that we've acquired. These are transactions in the $40 million, $50 million, $60 million range individual transactions, there really hasn't been real significant opportunities of size although we continue to explore them and would pursue them if they made economic sense and more compelling from a financial return perspective. In the absence of those opportunities, and again, I think the second quarter was a good example of this. We just became a more aggressive acquirer of our own shares. We're buying back our shares even with sort of the strong recovery in our share price in Q2. We're buying back our shares, arguably somewhere in the 8.5x to 9.5x EBITDA range. And honestly, we're hard pressed to find an opportunity to buy external EBITDA at those same multiples. So we view the opportunity to buy back our own shares as still pretty compelling. And I think we'll continue to do so. And our original guidance for 2021 was that we would buy back $750 million worth of stock over the three quarters. We bought back $350 million in Q2. So, we're obviously ahead of that pace.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank Morgan: Steve, I wanted to go back to the hiring on the behavioral side of the business. It sounds like you've had some success there. But where are you now versus what you actually need? And what would that translate into in terms of incremental capacity to bring on more volumes?
Steve Filton: So Frank, it's a great question. I mean I think we have a point of view that if we could wave a magic wand and hire all the staff that we need, again, at the therapist nurse, tech levels, our volumes would exceed I'll call it pre-pandemic baseline or 2019 volumes by mid-single digits at least. I think the demand is sufficiently there that, that would be the case. Now I don't want to leave the impression that obviously, we don't have a magic wand and there's just -- instead a lot of hard work that remains to be done and focus. But I think we have a point of view that these things are -- these issues and these obstacles are overcomeable, if that's a word. And we will meet these targets, especially, again, as the virus received, obviously, the frequency of the virus and sort of multifactorial kinds of pressures that puts on our labor is the one thing that, as you might imagine, so they're completely out of our control. There's nothing we can do about that. But don't believe the virus is going to last forever. And we believe that as it proceeds, it will become much easier for us to meet our hiring and retention targets. And I think fundamentally, we believe that demand will return to not only pre-pandemic levels, but will be growing in the way that I described the model earlier to somebody by mid-single digits every year above pre-pandemic levels.
Frank Morgan: Got you. And maybe going back to your guidance, and you called out you're thinking more of a seasonal pattern, but could you help us maybe if you had to give a weighting and attribution for the second half of the year. Is it -- are you thinking maybe 40% of the balance of the year will occur in the third quarter and 60% in the fourth? Any kind of color in terms of weighting over the second half of the year? And then, are there any incremental buybacks included in that guidance?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, we made this point in Q1, which is, I think UHS has very intentionally not ever given quarterly guidance. And I said if there was ever a year when I think we would never have changed that practice and be more precise, I think this was the year. I still believe that obviously, some of the cadence and some of the trajectories this year are much harder to predict than ever before. What I will say, and I think I referenced this in an earlier comment is as I looked at The Street estimates for the year, it just seemed like they were a little heavy in the fourth quarter compared to what our expectations were. And I think that's because I'm really not being critical, The Street in creating their expectations for the year sort of ignored the normal seasonal patterns, said volumes would continue to recover because you had all this pent-up demand, et cetera. I think we have a point of view that because volumes have recovered earlier than our expectations a lot of it sort of became front-end loaded. You see that in the Q2 results, not only for us but our peers that the fourth quarter will be -- have some of the more seasonal softness that we've seen historically because of the holidays, et cetera. So that's the only observation I'd make about the cadence and particularly The Street trajectory for the balance of the year.
Frank Morgan: Got you. One last one and I'll hop. Just in terms of the COVID surge you have experienced, any particular geographies you called out, certainly, we've read about Vegas, but is Vegas the biggest source? Or any color around any other geography? And I'll hop.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, so on the acute side, I think we've all read that states that have seen a significant increase in Texas and Florida and Nevada. And unfortunately, from an acute perspective, that probably covers of our acute care revenues. So, we're seeing that increase in all of our markets, but I think probably Vegas is the most acute at the moment. And then on the behavioral side, it's pretty spread out. I mean, we do have again, a pretty big presence in Florida and Texas. From a behavioral perspective, we have some hospitals in Missouri, which has been kind of a focal point of the COVID resurgence, et cetera. So, we're feeling that tension in a number of different markets on the behavioral side as well.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Matt Borsch with BMO Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: You have Ben filling in for Matt Borsch. Thanks for taking my question. So I would like to touch upon price transparency. With the announcement of the proposed rule to increase fines to hospitals, I was just wondering how your team plans to handle compliance with these possible changes going forward?
Steve Filton: So we have a point of view that our hospitals have been compliant with the price transparency regulations since January 1 of this year when they originally went into effect. Occasionally, we will sort of be critiqued by users or other groups who sort of kind of tested and will say that they have difficulty navigating uncertainties, et cetera, and we make tweaks to it. But we very much feel that we currently comply and will continue to comply.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Crédit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: First off, with respect to the change in reserve that you recorded in the second quarter, can you flesh out a little bit? Is that part of a normal review process? Was that an unusual update? And does that have any impact on forward accruals?
Steve Filton: Sure, A.J. So, the nature of the malpractice reserves are such that we conduct -- or we have a third-party actuary conduct in-depth actuarial analysis twice a year. So this was part of our kind of midyear review of that reserve. And the nature, unfortunately, on the malpractice reserves because they have such a long tail and cases are often being settled five, six, seven or even more years from their actual occurrence. It's probably the single most difficult kind of an accounting estimate that we make and is probably subject to the most change. I think what our actuary reported to us in the current period, and we, I think, affirmed with a number of other outside observers in this area is that the general trend in the country is for not necessarily more free malpractice cases, but more severe and more sort of dollar intensive cases. And that's been our experience as well. So given that those results, they determined that we needed an increase in our reserves, we concurred. We recorded that. We'll record, I think, a relatively small increase in our provision form malpractice going forward. I don't think that will have more than kind of $20 million impact annually going forward. And obviously, we'll continue to do these biannual detailed reviews by the actuary, but that's the color behind that.
A.J. Rice: Okay. And then the other question I was going to ask, you talked a little bit about different aspects of what you're seeing on the commercial side. But is just there an update on where you're at and re-contracting. Is that happening at a normal pace for this year, next year and beyond any change what you're seeing in terms of rate increases or in terms of terms, all the value-based talk and so forth, anything there that's new or different that you're seeing?
Steve Filton: No, I think the reality is that commercial managed care contracts continue to be administered contracts and negotiated throughout the pandemic. Obviously, I don't know that all -- those sorts of negotiations were held in person or face-to-face historically. So I don't think that changed a great deal during the pandemic. I did note earlier and have noted, I think, in previous calls that we really made a concerted effort, particularly on the managed Medicaid side of the behavioral business to negotiate price increases and in some cases, we haven't had for years. And I think that's helped to drive that really strong behavioral pricing that we've experienced throughout the pandemic. So, that's the one change that I would highlight and suggest is certainly sustainable. Other than that and other than, again, I think a comment that I've made before that our managed care payers, particularly on the behavioral side, seem to have been a little bit more lenient on utilization management and denial like the stay during the pandemic. I think broadly, we haven't seen huge changes in our relationships with managed care payers on either the acute or behavioral side.
A.J. Rice: And just maybe a final thing. On the public exchange volume, we're hearing some -- obviously, there's growth again of note this year with the changes in subsidies and the changes in the extended period of enrollment. Has that moved the needle? I'm assuming you book that in commercial, if I'm right.
Steve Filton: Yes. So sometimes it's difficult to identify what patients have an actual exchange product, et cetera. But what I do think and I said this again in an earlier comment is, despite all the economic disruption and particularly in the beginning of the pandemic, people losing their job, setting reduced hours, et cetera. We didn't see the accompanying increase in rates of uninsured the way that we have in previous sort of economic downturns. And I attribute some of that to the fact that obviously, the ACA was in place, and so for instance, in a state like Nevada, where we've seen a significant amount of weakness in the gaming industry, again, particularly early in the pandemic. We've seen an uptick in Medicaid utilization and I think that's generally been a good thing because I think these people would have been uninsured other than being able to fall back on expanded Medicaid benefit. So that sort of thing, I think, has been helpful. I think the presence of the ACA, Medicaid expansion in some of our important states like California, Nevada. The greater ease in terms of being able to acquire commercial exchange products, I think all that's been helpful to keep that better payer mix that we seem to be experiencing, our peers seem to be experiencing during the pandemic.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I'll turn the conference back over to management.
Steve Filton: Okay. We'd just like to thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking with everybody again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. After the speaker's presentation there'll be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Steve Felton, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Steve Filton: Good morning. Marc Miller is also joining us this morning. We welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services Results for the First Quarter ended March 31, 2021. During the conference call, we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.43 for the first quarter of 2021. After adjusting for the impact of the items reflected on the supplemental schedule, as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $2.44 for the quarter ended March 31, 2021. During the first quarter of 2021, we received approximately $188 million of additional CARES Act grant funds. While we continue to experience residual effects from the COVID-19 virus, the net impact on lost revenues and incremental expenses in 2021 has not been nearly as severe as it was in 2020. And consequently, we have begun the process of returning these $188 million in CARES Act funds to the federal government and expect that process to be completed shortly. As previously disclosed, we also returned $695 million of Medicare accelerated payments to the federal government in the first quarter of 2021. As I noted, during the first quarter of 2021, we continued to experience certain unfavorable impacts on our operations and financial results from the COVID-19 pandemic. Specifically, we experienced an increased wave of COVID patients in December 2020, which peaked in the first half of January 2021. The negative impact resulting from this elevated level of COVID volumes was primarily a function of accompanying declines in elective and scheduled procedures in both acute and behavioral patient days, along with increased expense pressures, particularly on salaries and wages and shortages of clinical personnel. Our cash generated from operating activities was $72 million during the first quarter of 2021, as compared to $502 million during the same period in 2020. The decline in cash provided by operating activities was driven by the aforementioned repayment of $695 million of Medicare accelerated payments. We spent $247 million on capital expenditures during the first quarter of 2021. Our accounts receivable days outstanding decreased to 50 days during the first quarter of 2021 as compared to 55 days in the fourth quarter of 2020, as we recovered from the billing and collection delays, we experienced in the fourth quarter as a result of our previously disclosed information technology incident. At December 31, 2021, our ratio of debt to total capitalization declined to 35.7%, as compared to 41.3% at March 31, 2020. In light of our expectation that COVID volumes are likely to continue a downward trajectory in 2021 as more vaccines become available and the accompanying pressures on our operations and financial results ease, our Board of Directors approved the resumption of our regular quarterly dividend with the first quarterly payment of $0.20 per share made on March 31. The Board also approved the resumption of our share repurchase program in the second quarter of 2021. We are pleased with our first quarter 2021 operating results, which were just slightly ahead of our internal forecast. The pace of the recovery from the pandemic is still difficult to predict with precision, but we assume the COVID impact will generally ease at an increase in cadence throughout 2021 and we remain comfortable that we will achieve our full year 2021 earnings guidance. We are pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Perry Wong: Yes, thanks. This is Perry Wong going in for Justin. My question is around pricing. It looks like your pricing was up about 26%, which is notably higher than your peers. I was wondering if you could give any color on what's driving that increase? Was it mostly due to a higher acuity from COVID cases? Or is there any benefit from better commercial mix there? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Sure. Well, obviously, we've seen during the entire pandemic, our pricing was above - well above historical levels. And the main driver of that has been the higher acuity of our COVID patient, to a lesser degree, our non-COVID patients as well. So I think some deferred care, et cetera, is driving higher pricing. I think our pricing and particularly, our acute care pricing in quarter one was particularly high for a number of reasons. In the fourth quarter, we talked about the fact that as a result of our IT event, our billing and collection activities were delayed. We saw an increased aging in our receivables, and that resulted in higher bad debt expense and lower net revenue based on our regular accounting conventions. We anticipated that we would recover some of that as we caught up on our billing and collection. And I think that did, in fact, occur in Q1, and I think we probably benefited to the tune of maybe $10 million or $15 million in that regard. I think that we also benefited from the presence of personal reimbursement. This is the government - the federal government's reimbursement of non-insured or uninsured patients with the COVID diagnosis, I think - which really there was very little of that in Q1 of last year, and that's another probably $15 million or $20 million. And then there's a small amount of state and local supplemental payments that we received in Q1, mostly related to the treatment of COVID patients, maybe $5 million to $10 million. So I think those items are the sort of non-recurring, or I should say non-recurring, but items that we had in Q1 that we didn't have in Q1 of last year.
Perry Wong: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. I guess, maybe start off by asking how Q1 shaped up versus your internal expectations? I guess, it was a bit above the street, but it sounds like you're only reaffirming guidance even though you continue to expect things to progress well through the year. So just, I guess, how did Q1 shape up? And then are there any mitigating factors or things you're watching as the year goes on?
Steve Filton: Sure. So Kevin, I did actually say in my prepared remarks that the Q1 results were just slightly ahead of our internal forecast, which is partly why we've chosen not to make any changes to guidance, we feel like we're largely on track. The things that we're watching are the obvious things. We assume that as the year progresses, and this is what our guidance assumed as well that COVID volumes will continue to decline. Non-COVID volumes in both business segments will continue to recover. And also, I think, quite importantly, labor pressures will ease, and those pressures will be manifested in lower wage rate increases, as well as the ability to treat more patients, particularly on the payroll side.
Kevin Fischbeck: And then, I guess, just a follow-up there. As we think about that volume returning back to normal, I guess it's one of the things that we're hearing conflicting information from it seems like the hospital companies generally expect labor pressure to ease. But I guess some of the staffing companies continue to expect labor shortfalls, et cetera, as volumes return, putting upward pressure on demand there, and we see nurses potentially, look to leave the workforce. I guess, how are you thinking about margins on that volume as it returns back to normal, you normally think about lower acuity volume be coming in lower margins and then that wouldn't take on the labor side?
Steve Filton: Yeah, look, I think, Kevin, that the notion is that the things that have driven the pressure on both our wage rates and just on the overall availability of mostly clinical, but in some cases, non-clinical personnel are things like the actual virus itself. During the last 12, 13 months, at any point in time, we've had employees who are sidelined either with the virus itself or because they are being quarantined, because of exposure to the virus. We've got employees who have suffered burn out, and there's been a lot written about that. We've got employees who are, quite frankly, chasing premium dollars elsewhere, where hospitals are paying really for the extraordinary amounts because of the pressures of the pandemic, et cetera. I think our point of view is that, again, as more of our employees get vaccinated, we'll have fewer and fewer of them out, as more and more of the general population gets vaccinated, we'll have fewer and fewer COVID patients. There will be less burn out, there'll be a willingness of nurses and specialty nurses to return to the workplace. They won't have the opportunities to chase those premium dollars elsewhere, et cetera. To your, sort of, the crux of your point whether we return to the same sort of supply and demand balance of labor that we had pre-pandemic, hard to say. But certainly, I think we have a view that the labor pressures that we've experienced over the last 13 or 14 months should certainly ease measurably as we continue to recover from the virus.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Your line is open.
Ralph Giacobbe: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Steve, any weather impact to call out in the quarter? And maybe if you could just give a sense of how you exited March, and if you're willing to just discuss early trends you've seen so far in April?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So I talked about the COVID trends in my prepared remarks, Ralph, saying that in almost all of our hospitals, volume of COVID patients peaked in the first half of January and continued to level-off as the quarter went on. And then I would say kind of, late February, early March, we started to see measurable recovery, particularly in the acute business in elective and schedule procedural volumes. I think the good news about the weather is while it certainly had an impact in a broad geographic swath of our markets that included Texas and Oklahoma and Arkansas and Tennessee. Because it occurred largely, I think, in the middle of the quarter, and because I think it was so widespread, it's not like we were really losing market share to competitors during that time, I think people were just staying home or stuck at home. And I think because they had four or six weeks to recoup whatever procedures they had missed. I think by the end of the quarter, the impact was not really significant. So at the end of the day for, I think, both the reason of the COVID - decline in COVID volumes and the recovery from the weather events, clearly, March was you know, we exited the quarter in March a lot more profitably than we began the quarter in January.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. All right.
Steve Filton: I am sorry, and I would say those trends have continued into April as well.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then just on the guidance, obviously, you're reaffirming, you've talked about the cadence of earnings improving sort of as you move through the year, generally sort of sounds like in line with your initial expectation. But what about sequestration, can you size the benefit of that? And why doesn't that flow through the number or are there offsets any help there?
Steve Filton: Sure. It's a good question, and I think it was asked on the fourth quarter call as well. And I think what we said at the time was, we really didn't make a specific assumption about sequestration in our budget forecast, because this year was so difficult to forecast in terms of volumes and acuity and how they would both kind of trend as the year went on, et cetera. We were much more focused on those issues than we were on these specific reimbursement issues. So we have said that having the sequestration waiver extended is a benefit to us of $10 million or $11 million a quarter. But I wouldn't describe it as a pickup of $10 million or $11 million, per se, in our guidance. I would describe it more sort of accurately as a bit of a cushion in our guidance, because we didn't really make a specific assumption about it.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, all right. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Josh Raskin with Nephron. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is Marco [ph] on for Josh. Thanks for taking the questions. I just had a quick one. It seems like UHS is seeing a larger spread between admissions and adjusted admissions than some of its peers. So is there any reason why you aren't seeing those outpatient volumes coming back quicker? And did the weather events of the first quarter impact outpatient volumes differently than on the inpatient side? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So I think - and we've talked about this in previous calls. I think the dynamic - the single dynamic that probably most separates our experience from our public and acute care hospital peers is the percentage proportionately of COVID patients that we've treated. We've talked in the last few quarters about the fact that something like the low to mid teens percentage of our admissions on the acute side have been COVID diagnosed patients. And I think our peers are either in the high single digits or maybe 8%, 9%, 10%. So that's a pretty significant difference. That affects a lot of things, that I think it affects our cost structure, it affects our length of stay. And to your point, I think it also affects outpatient procedures and schedule, particularly scheduled and elective procedures, and it affects emergency room volume as well, which obviously a lot of that is outpatient ultimately. So I think that's probably the single biggest reason why our outpatient hasn't recovered as much. And then your question about the weather is correct. I mean, I think weather events tend to affect outpatient more than inpatient because, obviously, if you have an urgent procedure, if you're having a heart attack or a stroke, you're still going to find your way to the emergency room. As opposed to, if you're having hip surgery or knee surgery, whatever it may be. But again, I'm going to make the point that I think in the end, we recovered most of those deferred outpatient procedures by the end of the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Jamie Perse with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jamie Perse: Hey. Good morning. Just first question on the quarter, I wanted to talk about COVID patients for a second. I know the question was asked a few times last year and basically, the response was that, COVID patients aren't very profitable. I'm wondering if that's changed at all, because you've had all these learnings over the last year. It's maybe a healthier patient population, lower length of stay, things like that. So can you comment on the impact of your COVID census in the quarter on revenue per adjusted admission and also the EBITDA impact?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So the point that we've made historically, and I would repeat because I think it's still valid is that medical patients in general are less profitable than surgical or procedural patients, COVID patients or medical patients. And therefore, I think that's equally true of them. The other issue is that COVID patients tend to be sicker. They're more acutely ill. They clearly have a longer length of stay than our regular medical patients, and that means that the costs associated with them are higher. To your point about, I think, kind of developing treatments and protocols, I do think that clinically, we and I think all hospitals have gotten more adept and more efficient at treating COVID patients over the last 12, 13, 14 months, as you might expect. I think we learned a lot about what the right things and the wrong things are to do. But unfortunately, a lot of those more efficient and better clinical treatments are also very expensive. So things like remdesivir, one of the main drugs that are being used to treat COVID patients are very expensive. And so, again, this dynamic of the profitability of COVID patients versus non-COVID patients, I think, still exists, that is COVID are simply less profitable than the surgical and procedural patients that they have generally crowded out during the pandemic.
Jamie Perse: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one on surgical volumes, I know you don't report those. But maybe you could comment on what you saw across the month of the quarter, both on the inpatient and outpatient surgical side. And any categories or sites of care that are recovering after or slower than others?
Steve Filton: Yeah. And again, I mean, I think what we have found and we have found this again throughout the entire pandemic period, is that as COVID volumes rise and they peak that our volumes of elective and scheduled procedures and non-COVID business tends to decline, and I think we certainly experienced that in Q1. So in the January time frame when COVID volumes were peaking, I would say that surgical and elective procedures were probably at 75% or 80% of pre-pandemic levels. I think by the end of the quarter, as COVID volumes have declined pretty measurably, we were at 95% plus of pre-pandemic elective and surgical volumes. And I think those trends have continued into April as well.
Steve Filton: All right. Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Our next question is from Frank Morgan with UHS [ph]. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Frank Morgan here. Yeah, I have a cost question. You talked about some of the severe labor pressure where people are chasing, working are chasing those rates. Is that more of an issue on the acute side or the behavioral side? And are there any particular markets where you see that as being worse? And I don't want to put words in your mouth, but is it fair to say that the limiting factor in behavioral health care is, in fact, still labor. The demand is higher than what you can serve given the labor pressure. And if that is true, do you - how do you balance just sacrificing margin to get that incremental revenue in that higher levels of top line? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So I think, Frank, you accurately frame the question. We've talked about pressures on labor really from the beginning of the pandemic. And I think most of our hospital company peers have done as well. I'm not sure we're all experiencing it in the same markets and to the same degree, but I think it certainly is a macro issue. Interestingly, we have said throughout that the labor shortage has manifested itself differently in our two business segments. I think on the acute side, we certainly have seen an increase in wage rates themselves. We see an elevated usage of over time and shift differential and usage of temporary traveling nurses, all of which are measurably more expensive than our base wage rate for nurses and other clinical personnel. On the behavioral side, if you measure it by salaries and wages per adjusted patient day, which I think is the right way of measuring, you'll see that the cost of labor isn't going up all that much. The real challenge is we just simply can't pay enough to get sufficient personnel in at least some of our hospitals in some of our markets. And so I would say that on the behavioral side, and I think you alluded to this in your question, shortage of appropriate clinical and in some cases, non-clinical personnel are probably the single biggest obstacle and headwind to getting back to pre-pandemic volumes and quite frankly, even above pre-pandemic volumes. And I can assure you that it's probably the - I'm not saying probably, actually, I would say, most certainly, the single biggest focus of our operators as we turn our attention to what we need to do to both recruit and retain the proper amount of nurses, and that obviously includes proper pay rates that we're constantly doing, compensation surveys to make sure that we're remaining competitive. We're looking at our processes for recruiting and hiring and our processes for mentoring new nurses and new graduates, all those sort of things are a focus of ours. And we've made some progress. And I think as my earlier comments indicated, there's an expectation and then a hope that as the pandemic eases and the pressures of the pandemic ease, the labor pressures will ease as well and then some of the initiatives that we've been implementing will gain more traction.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Pito Chickering: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. A question for Steve and Marc, if you want to jump in, if we step back a minute and look at the behavioral market, do you think that you guys are growing in line faster or slower than overall demand? And if slower, can you give us color on why you're growing slower and what should change during 2021?
Steve Filton: Marc, do you want to comment first?
Marc Miller: No, you can go ahead, Steve.
Steve Filton: Okay. So, Pito, I think my response to Frank, to some degree, he covers this, and I've said this before during the pandemic, every one of our internal data points and metrics indicates that volume continues to - or demand, I should say, continues to increase at least at pre-pandemic levels, if not in many cases, above pre-pandemic levels. So we measure that by the amount of incoming or inbound call traffic, telephone calls, Internet inquiries, et cetera. And I think there is also macro information out there that suggests that the number of diagnose behavioral illnesses have continued to increase, and there's been a lot written about the fact that mental health stress, et cetera, has been greater during the pandemic for a variety of reasons. And again, our biggest challenge throughout has really been our ability to satisfy that demand. And again, labor has probably been - labor shortages have probably been the single biggest impediment to doing that. Now that tends to be very geography specific, so that there are hospitals in which we do not have those issues, and we're seeing demand growing and volumes increasing. And then there are markets and geographies where we clearly see that taking place. I think it's worth noting that in the markets where we tend to experience those problems, every, again, data point that we have suggests that our peers are experiencing those same issues in those geographies. So where we've had to cap or close beds because unavailability of clinical personnel, we know that there's evidence that our peers have had to do the same thing in those same geographies.
Marc Miller: And I would just add to what Steve said, we have been dealing with certain staffing issues for a while now. We are taking new and different actions to try to combat some of this with just improvement in some of our internal processes that we think, and we have confidence we'll have a different outcome for us going forward. So when the specific market eases up a little bit, we will be probably more ready maybe than we've been in the past to capitalize on that, by improving operationally, some of the things that we are doing to attract staff, keep staff and so on.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then, two quick follow-ups on the premium labor comments that you've talked about. Can you help us quantify how much the impact of cost in the first quarter, looking at premium hours as a percent of all nursing hours? Where did it peak during 1Q? Where do you guys exit in March? And as you look to 2Q, is it fair to think about margins improving due to lower premium labor despite a reduction of the strong pricing seen in 1Q?
Steve Filton: Yeah. Pito, so I would say this. At the beginning of the quarter, the way we measure sort of the impact of the labor pressures on wage rates, as we measure the percentage of our nursing hours, in particular, that are being paid at premium rates, things like overtime and registry and traveling nurses, et cetera. And I would say, in the beginning of the quarter when our COVID volumes really peaked, the percentage of our nursing hours that were being paid at premium rates were in the low double digits, 10%, 11%, 12%, something like that. By the end of the quarter, I think those rates were maybe half of that. And while that doesn't necessarily - you know, a shift of 500 or 600 basis points doesn't seem huge, I think that it's worth making the point that, those premium hours are often being paid at two or three times the rate of our regular hours. So the changes in the number of hours don't have to be all that significant to really start to drive volume changes. So, to your last point, I think that we think that as those pressures ease and as the percentage of premium hours come down to more normalized historical levels, they should have a beneficial impact on our margins, because while I think our revenues will also come down, because acuity will come down, I think that the incremental rate pressure is greater than the decline in revenues that we would anticipate.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Great. And then my last quick question here. You talked about sort of monthly trends for acute. Can it be same for behavioral, how do patient days track sort of in January in the peak of the COVID surge, sort of how did exit March? And any comments on April? Thanks so much.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, again, I think behavioral patient days were about roughly 4% below last year for the quarter. I think at the beginning of the quarter, when COVID volumes were at their highest, that was probably more like 6% or 7% down, and at the end of the quarter, more 2% or 3% down. And again, the expectation, it may not be a steady progression like that, but I think our expectation is, those volumes will continue to improve as the year progresses, both because the COVID pressures will ease, and on a related note, the labor pressures will ease as well.
Pito Chickering: And then one clarification on that, when you're saying exitings are down 2%, 3% sort of March and April. Is that on 2020, which the comps got very easy for obvious reasons? Or is that versus 2019? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So when I say pre-pandemic, we generally are using 2019 as that pre-pandemic measure. So that's what I'm referring to.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from A.J. Rice of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. A couple of quick questions, hopefully. One, obviously, you are reinstating the share repurchase. And I know - I wondered on capital deployment elsewhere the M&A pipeline, both - it sounded like there might be a few things that you were looking at last quarter. Any update on whether those still remain in play? And it also there's been press reporting about some larger deals that private equity has on - that I would broadly describe as behavioral that might be in the market. Any - just any update on your thinking about whether there's likely to be meaningful M&A this year from your perspective?
Marc Miller: Yeah, I'll answer that, A.J. It's Marc. We continue to look at deals on both sides. I would not categorize it as likely because we're in the middle of a lot of this investigation. But there are, and it seems like there is a little bit more activity happening right now on both sides. So I'm always optimistic that we're going to hit on something, but hard to say likely at this point.
A.J. Rice: Okay. That's great. Thanks. Steve, you made an amount of comments about what's happening with labor and how that's a constraint on volume growth on the behavioral side. The other two metrics that have impacted pre-pandemic, the growth trends in behavioral have been sort of the pricing dynamics and also the length of stay pressures that have generally been driven by a Medicaid managed care. Can you give us your updated thoughts? You've been doing better on pricing. I don't know whether you think pricing like what you're seeing now will continue, but any thoughts about that? And then also where we are with the whole length of stay issue relative to Medicaid masked care?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So I mean, I think what we've said over the course of the last several quarters is that sort of pre-pandemic, I think our behavioral pricing was increasing, on average, at about a 2% to 3% rate based on revenue per adjusted day base. During the pandemic, that increase has been more like in the 5% or 6% range. I think some of that elevated level of pricing increase is due to a bit of an easing of pressure on the part of our managed care insurance payers. We're seeing fewer denials, less charity care during the pandemic. While we love if that behavior continued post-pandemic, I suspect that managed care behavior will become a little bit more aggressive as the pandemic eases. On the other hand, some of that increase, I think, is more permanent in that we've gotten - we've been, I think, much more focused and aggressive about obtaining increases from particularly from some of our managed Medicaid payers from whom we have not had increases in quite some time, et cetera. And obviously, those are more sustainable. So my gut is that once the pandemic eases some more that, that behavioral pricing increase will settle in somewhere in between the sort of two numbers that I gave before, maybe in that 3%, 4% range. So that will be a little bit higher than historical, but a little bit lower than where we've been running over the last several quarters. And I think the same is generally true of length of stay. We've not seen a lot more transition to managed Medicaid during the pandemic. I don't know that it was an appropriate time for states to make big changes in their Medicaid programs. But also, as I think we've disclosed before, the vast majority of our Medicaid patients, you know, certainly something like three quarters of them are already in managed Medicaid programs. So I don't think we think that the impact of incremental or additional patients migrating to managed Medicaid will be that significant in the future. And I think we made this point in late 2019 and early in 2020, in January and February of 2020, what I would call pre-pandemic, length of stay has been leveling off, labor shortages had been leveling off, et cetera. And then the pandemic hits in mid-March of 2020 and the bottom falls out. But I think we felt like we had made a lot of progress on those couple of issues prior to the pandemic really beginning to impact those.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Maybe one last very specific question. And this may be too granular tell me if you want to just take it up offline. But if I look at that corporate expense item, it was sort of 1consistent this year versus last year. But I noticed last year tended to drop off by about $20 million to $25 million in the second and third quarter. And it seemed like that was a bigger drop-off than you traditionally did pre-pandemic. Is there - should we look for something seasonal pattern more like last year, or is - was that somehow driven by what happened with the pandemic and therefore, maybe it doesn't have the seasonal drop that we saw last year, but it's more muted going forward?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So honestly, A.J., it's a question that you asked us yesterday, and we continue to look at it. I will tell you that I think potentially, probably the biggest swing factor may be our own health benefits, which, like everybody else, I mean, started pre-pandemic at a normal level and then drop down as people had deferred care and not nearly as much care and now are increasing back up to increasing. So we will look at that, I think, further and try and give people a better sense of how they should model it in the future. But it strikes us that, that's the biggest swing factor.
A.J. Rice: Okay. All right. Well, that's interesting, incremental. Thanks for that.
Steve Filton: Sure.
Operator: Your final question is from John Ransom with Raymond James. Your line is open.
John Ransom: Hey, good morning. One for Steve and one for Marc. Steve, just want to just get you to confirm some math, if you would, on all of the 2021 one-timers, including bad debt recovery, HRSA sequester and anything else that you think we should pull out as we think about our '22 comparison. So just, kind of, a total good guy EBITDA number would be great? And then for Marc, we know there's a big psych deal in the marketplace. They want a big price, something like three times revenue, it's a premium asset. So when you guys look at something like that and think about running your returns, how do you put that through the filter of analysis? Thanks.
Marc Miller: Do you want me to go on that, Steve?
Steve Filton: Sure.
Marc Miller: Okay. So when we're looking at any deal, I mean, you're mentioning one particular one. But when we look at any deal, it's fairly consistent as far as our approach goes. I mean, if we think that the possible acquisition has merit, we're, obviously, going to do our diligence to figure out pricing and what we're comfortable at. And there are a lot of factors that go into it, which I won't go into everything here. But certainly, an asset on the behavioral side, we would consider the markets where the seller is already doing business, and how that overlaps with our markets, and that will play a big part in determining how interested we are. So, same thing on the acute care side, if we see something on acute, we would actually probably be more interested if there were synergies in markets where we already play, as long as we didn't have FTC issues, because we could build up our markets a little more. It's different on the behavioral side. But that consideration is a big one for us. And then, obviously, the pricing and who else is in the market competing against us. So, we continue to look at a couple of different opportunities on the BH side, and when it all comes to fruition, we'll - you'll certainly know about that.
Steve Filton: And then I'll just very quickly recap the sort of extraordinary, for want of a better word, particularly acute care revenue items in the quarter. I think we quantify the IT event impact, that is the recovery and collection of our aged receivables from Q4 in the sort of $10 million to $15 million range, state and local COVID-related reimbursement in the $5 million to $10 million range and the HRSA reimbursement of non or uninsured COVID patients in the sort of $15 million to $20 million range. I think those are the items we're talking about…
John Ransom: No, I'm sorry. I got that. I was thinking for the full year, as we think about full year '21 I know the bad debt recovery won't recur, sequester goes away. Thanks. I was trying to get an annual number. I got the quarter number.
Steve Filton: Okay. I'm sorry. So, yes, the IT event really is a one-time thing. The state and local that reimbursement is difficult to project. And the HRSA money is at the moment, are sort of slated to go through the national emergency date, which I think is currently July. I think the administration has suggested that they anticipated going through the end of the year. But technically, at least at the moment, it only goes through July. So we'll have to see what that benefit is.
John Ransom: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Filton: Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I turn the call back to presenters for closing remarks.
Steve Filton: Okay. We just like to thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking with everybody again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 UHS Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to your speaker today, CFO, Steve Filton. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Filton: Good morning. Thank you, James. Marc Miller is also joining us this morning, and we welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2020. During the conference call, we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $3.60 for the fourth quarter of 2020. After adjusting for the impact of the items reflected in the supplemental schedule as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $3.59 for the quarter ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2020, we had received approximately $417 million of funds from various governmental stimulus programs, most notably the CARES Act included in our reported and adjusted income for the three months and 12 months ended December 31, 2020, which is approximately $20 million $200 million, excuse me, and $413 million, respectively, of net revenues recorded in connection with these stimulus programs. For the full year of 2020, approximately $316 million of those revenues were attributable to our acute facilities and $97 million were attributable to our behavioral health facilities. In addition, during 2020, we received approximately $695 million of Medicare's accelerated payments, which had no impact on our earnings during the year. We have commenced the repayment process and anticipate the $695 million of funds will be repaid to the government in March or April of 2021. As previously disclosed, on September 27, 2020, we experienced an information technology incident, which resulted in the suspension of user access to our information technology applications in the United States. Our information technology applications were substantially restored, our acute and behavioral hospitals at various times in October 2020 on a rolling and or staggered basis, and our facilities generally resume standard operating procedures at that time. We estimate that this incident had an unfavorable pre-tax impact of approximately $67 million during the year ended December 31, 2020, as a result of lost revenues, incremental recovery expenses and delayed coding and billing. We estimate that approximately $12 million of the unfavorable pretax income impact was experienced during the third quarter of 2020 and approximately $55 million was experienced during the fourth quarter of 2020. During the fourth quarter of 2020, we also continue to experience a material unfavorable impact on our operations and financial results from the COVID-19 pandemic, before giving effect to the revenues recorded in connection with the CARES Act and other governmental grants. Specifically, we experienced an increased wave of COVID patients in December 2020 and which peaked in the first half of January of 2021. The negative impact resulting from this elevated level of COVID volumes was primarily a function of accompanying declines in elective and scheduled procedures, declines in both acute and behavioral patient days, along with increased expense pressures, particularly on salaries and wages. Our cash generated from operating activities was $2.36 billion during the full year of 2020 as compared to $1.438 billion during 2019. Included in our 2020 cash provided by operating activities was the $695 million of Medicare accelerated payments, which we plan to repay to the government very soon. We spent $731 million on capital expenditures during the full year of 2020, as compared to $634 million during 2019. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased to 55 days during the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to 50 days during 2019. The increase was due in part to the coding and billing delays caused by the information technology incident. At December 31, 2020, our ratio of debt to total capitalization declined to 37.9%, as compared to 42% at December 31, 2019. During 2020, we opened 439 new beds in our existing acute and behavioral health hospitals and opened Canyon Creek Behavioral Health hospital, a new 102-bed hospital in Temple, Texas. We also opened three new freestanding emergency departments, or FEDs, and expect to open five more in 2022, to bring our total number of FEDs to 22. We continue to grow our behavioral health joint venture portfolio and recently announced the opening of two more de novo facilities, the 102 bed Southeast Behavioral Hospital, a joint venture with Southeast Health located in Southeast Missouri and the 134 bed Clive Behavioral Health hospital, a joint venture with MercyOne located in Clive, Iowa. During 2021, we expect to spend approximately $850 million to $1 billion on capital expenditures, which includes construction of a new 170-bed acute care hospital in Reno, Nevada, which is expected to open in the first quarter of 2022. As of December 31, 2020, we had a little over $1.2 billion of aggregate available borrowing capacity, pursuant to our $1 billion revolving credit facility and our $450 million accounts receivable securitization program. In addition, as of December 31, 2020, we had approximately $1.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents. In light of our expectation that the COVID volumes are likely to continue a downward trajectory in 2021, as more vaccines become available and the accompanying pressures on our operations and financial results ease, our Board of Directors have approved the resumption of our regular quarterly dividend with the first quarterly payment of $0.20 per share to be made on March 31. We also plan to resume our share repurchase program in the second quarter of 2021 pending Board of Director approval. Similarly, our 2021 operating results forecast, which was provided in last night's release, assumes that the negative impact of the COVID virus will diminish in 2021. The pace of that recovery from the pandemic is still difficult to predict with precision. But we assume the COVID impact will generally ease an increasing cadence throughout 2021. Marc and I are pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Andrew Mok with Barclays. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Andrew Mok: Hi, good morning. When I compare the 2021 guidance to the pre-COVID plan for 2020, revenue is tracking ahead, but EBITDA is tracking behind, resulting in margin compression of about 80 basis points. I would think that margin should be more resilient given the cost structure that didn't rebase lower. So can you walk us through the drivers of that lower margin profile and how you expect margins to evolve as COVID abate?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I think, obviously, it can be a more nuanced answer. But I think at the 20,000 foot level, the best explanation is that we presume that demand will recover faster than some of the accelerated pressures we’ve been feeling in our expenses, particularly salaries and wages. I do – we do believe that as the volume of COVID patients declines, those labor pressures will ease. But I think we have a point of view that they – they may take longer to ease than demand will to recover and that's I think why you're seeing that margin compression, which I think will likely occur more in the first half of the year than the second.
Andrew Mok: Got it. That's helpful. And I have a follow-up. CapEx is expected to meaningfully accelerate to a range of $850 million to $1 billion this year. How should we think about the CapEx spend across the segments? Are there specific service lines or geographies targeted for 2021? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So I tried in my prepared remarks to highlight some of the significant increases. We are building a new hospital in Reno, Nevada, where we have an existing hospital. But obviously, this will expand our presence in that market as well as in the state wide market of Nevada. That's probably $150 million of capital spend in 2021 by itself. I also highlighted the joint venture activity we have building a number of new de novo behavioral hospitals with mostly not-for-profit joint venture partners. That's consuming, I think, some incremental capital. And then FEDs and I think more broadly investment in ambulatory services on the acute side are also consuming some incremental capital. Those, I think, are sort of the big areas where there's increased spending.
Andrew Mok: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. Maybe I wanted to follow back up with that earlier question about kind of margins. I guess, as we think about 2020, obviously, volumes were depressed, but pricing was quite strong. As the volume comes back, it would be lower acuity volumes and it seems like maybe Medicare volumes and some of your Medicaid volumes have been more depressed than commercial. So, I might think that the volume comes back also would have maybe a negative payer mix coming with it. So I guess would like to kind of hear about how you think about incremental margins on that volume return given that potential? And whether you think maybe that's not the way it would play out?
Steve Filton: So Kevin, I mean, I think broadly, the really unfavorable pressure from the COVID dynamic has been the idea that in both of our business segments, the presence of COVID patients have crowded out other non-COVID patients. And as a consequence, emergency room volumes are down and elective and scheduled procedures are down from pre pandemic levels and patient days in both acute and behavioral are down from pre-pandemic levels. And the business that's missing were absent, if you will, from the hospital is essentially, I think, the higher-margin business and the COVID business is lower-margin business that is temporarily replaced in 2020. I think as the as the COVID volumes ease in 2021, as we expect they will. And I think as they have started to do so, I think you'll see more of a return to kind of a normal medical-surgical mix. On the acute side and more of a return or a rebound in behavioral patient base on the behavioral side and revenue will begin to increase and margins will begin to increase. But as I noted in my previous comment, what we have experienced, particularly later in 2020 is really accelerated pressure on our labor force and that pressure, I think, will ease slowly in 2021. But I think the revenue mix of patients will clearly be better in 2021. And as the labor supply sort of equalizes, I think our margins will also improve as the year continues.
Kevin Fischbeck: So I guess, historically, I think of higher acuity equaling higher profitability, but your point is that, that might be the case normally that, that might be the case normally, but surgical versus medical weighs that? Is that...
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, what really drove the higher acuity in the acute segment in 2020 was COVID patients. And to your point, historical thinking about higher acuity doesn't really apply to COVID patients. They're medical patients. They're sick. They're often older. Their length of stay is quite a bit longer and they're just certainly not as profitable as surgical or procedural patients.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then just on the behavioral side, obviously, understand the dynamics of COVID putting pressure on that, but obviously, your peers showing much stronger volume growth than you. So how do you think about your market share, I guess, over the last year? Do you feel like you've been able to sustain market share? Or have there been market share losses across your businesses?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So market share data is not as widely available in the behavioral space as it is in the acute space. But I think to the degree that it is available. We believe, for the most part, that we have maintained our market share. I think the other important metric that we look at internally, Kevin, is the amount of sort of express demand we measure that in a number of ways. But we measure it in the primary way by sort of incoming inquiries, telephone calls, Internet inquiries, etcetera. And what we have generally noted in 2020 is that the level of intake or inquiries has remained rather strong. And what has really occurred, particularly, I think, later in the year, is more challenges for us to meet that demand either because of COVID patients in our behavioral facilities, that preclude us from admitting non-COVID patients proxy for them on their units on their floors, whatever, or because we've got a significant chunk of our labor force that either has been exposed to the virus or has the virus or is out for some other alcohol virus related reason, and we simply can't operate all of our beds in a particular hospital or a particular geography at a point in time. To your question about comparing to our public peer, difficult for me to do that because I just don't know what their experience has been with COVID patients in their markets, what their protocol is for treating and isolating and keeping their COVID patients and their employees safe. I just don't know. So really, all we can do for the most part is look at what's impacting us internally. And I think we have a strong belief that the biggest impact on our behavioral volumes in 2020 has been COVID and COVID-related dynamics. And when those dynamics ease in 2021, behavioral volumes should resume to pre-pandemic levels. And quite frankly, we believe potentially higher than pre-pandemic levels because we think that the underlying demand for behavioral care has been increasing.
Kevin Fischbeck: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citibank. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks, good morning. Steve, maybe a little bit more on that last part of that question. Can you help on maybe guidance or how you're thinking about it between the segments, maybe just volume and pricing assumptions embedded in for, sort of, both? And maybe any differences on the margin side in terms of either greater improvement or degradation, one versus the other?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, honestly, Ralph, I think what we commenced the process of developing our 2021 budget or forecast. We did so with the basic underlying presumption that 2020 was a lost year that we were mostly focused on dealing with the pandemic, keeping our patients safe, getting them well, keeping our employee base safe and well. Those were all extraordinary challenges. And in many ways, I think 2020 was otherwise a lost year in terms of business development, really taking advantage of capacity expansion, service line expansion, that sort of thing. And so when we began to think about a 2021 forecast, we really kind of started with our original 2020 value and what our forecast has been for 2020 and I think that's really largely true for both business segments. So I think we have a point of view that both business segments will grow off of, if you will, a 2019 pre-pandemic base at kind of mid-single-digit levels, et cetera. Although it will be in a trajectory that I think is different from what's the normal or historical trajectory, so that historically, Q1 is our biggest earnings quarter. And we earn more in the first half of the year than we do in the second half of the year, I think we have a point of view that 2021 will look differently because of this dynamic of COVID volumes declining as the year goes on. And revenue increasing and labor pressures easing and margins increasing as the year goes on. So I think the two business segments sort of grow in that historical mid-single-digit range, although in sort of a different cadence and a different trajectory than we would normally expect.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. All right. Fair enough. And any early read on the first couple of months of the year? I know, obviously, limited data, but is it tracking similar to 4Q? And then maybe anything specific to some of the storms and impact of weather more recently, particularly for you in Texas?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So on the first point, and as I said in my prepared remarks, we saw a significant surge in COVID volumes in December on a percentage basis we had more COVID patients in December of 2020 than any other month of the year. And that surge continued in almost all of our hospitals into the first half of January. I think COVID volumes tended to peak for virtually all of our hospitals in the first half of January. And have been declining and declining rather rapidly, and I think we view that as an encouraging sign since then. But again, one of the things that we've noted several times during the year and during the ebbs and flows of the pandemic is as COVID volumes surge and that pressures crowds out other business when the volumes drop, that other business returns, but it's not an immediate and instantaneous sort of thing. So I think it takes – depending on the hospital and the service line, et cetera, weeks maybe month or two for that to happen. That's the expectation. And again, I think we're encouraged by the fact that the COVID volumes seem to have peaked. In the first half of January, and the hope is that, obviously, as the vaccine becomes more widely available and distributed, those trends will continue. To your question on the storms, and I would make the point that I think the storms affected a broad swath of the country, not just Texas, but in our case, Texas and Oklahoma and Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee. I think the good news is that because these storms were sort of widespread, unlike things like the cyber incident where we face the risk and face the actual dynamic of during a relatively short period of time, business went elsewhere because we were struggling with our systems. During the weather event, everybody in our geographies was struggling in much the same way. And so I don't think we lost business to anybody else. I think because it occurred in the middle of a quarter, the likelihood that the business sort of recovers a week or two or three weeks later is more likely and my guess. And it's clearly a guess at this point is that when we get to the end of the first quarter, the weather event. Other than some incremental expenses and things which – and many of which will be covered by insurance, shouldn't have a big impact.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Maybe first, just thinking about some of the negotiations with managed care coming out the other end of the pandemic. I think on the behavioral side, you said that some of the pressures you were feeling for managed Medicaid and length of stay and all - and other issues on the behavioral side that may be eased up. Have you seen any of that reverse itself? Or what are your discussions like with managed care, really on both sides of the business in terms of any changes you're seeing?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, I think the dynamic that you are alluding to as it relates to the behavioral business, A.J., is that really since the pandemic began, our revenue per adjusted day has been up in the kind of 5%, 6% range as compared to sort of maybe 2%, 3% increases pre-pandemic. And we've attributed that, at least to some degree, to a change in behavior on the part of some of our insurers and managed care companies. Clearly, and this trend certainly continued into the fourth quarter, we see the level of charity care and the level of denials down about 10% from prior year comparisons. And there may be a number of reasons for that, but I think to some degree, it certainly is attributable to less aggressive utilization management behavior on the part of some of our insurers, at least. We also have negotiated during the year some measurable contractual price increases, particularly in our managed Medicaid portfolio. These are not big increases, but I think they come on top of a number of years of relatively suppressed price increases in that space. So that's been helpful as well. And I think, by the way, much needed, again, we've gone, at least with some payers, for a number of years without increases, that can be a difficult population to treat with some incremental expenses, et cetera. So, I think they are -- those increases are justified, but that's been helpful as well. I would say on the acute side, not as much changed during the pandemic in terms of our managed care or insurance behavior one way or the other. Not in terms of renegotiating prices or in terms of utilization management behavior, et cetera, I would say it's mostly business as usual.
A.J. Rice: Okay. And maybe a follow-up question around the 2021 guidance. There's obviously some debate about things like the public health emergency and how long that will stay in place. I know that the 20% - the COVID DRG add-on for Medicare relates to that timeframe. There some map funding as well. And then there's also some debate about the Medicare sequestration timeframe, which I guess now would expire at the end of March. Have you -- have you factored that into your guidance? Or what are you assuming on those two issues or any other variables like that?
Steve Filton: So, as to the Medicare sequestration, as you noted, we've assumed that it's waived through the first quarter, but then our guidance presumes that it is restored for the balance of the year. As far as the public health emergency timing, but more so the sort of the 20% DRG add on. I'll make the point that we've benefited from the DRG add-on, but only to the degree that it's covering increased cost. So, I think we've not made an explicit assumption about it in our 2021 budget. But what we really assume is that as COVID volumes decline, COVID expenses will decline. And we assume that as that occurs; the government at some point will lift the 20% add-on. So, we haven't really, again, made an explicit assumption about that. It's really more built into our broader assumption that as the year progresses, acuity and revenue per adjusted admission will come down, but so will expenses.
A.J. Rice: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Pito Chickering: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. A question for you on guidance again. You mentioned that margin pressure should ease in the back half of the year. Looking at past years, as you referenced, about 52% or 54% of EBITDA comes in the first half of the year. Can you just help us quantify what that should be for 2021?
Steve Filton: So, I guess, the short answer is no, Pito. I mean, I think we have historically not given quarterly guidance. And if I start throwing out percentages, it's effectively given quarterly guidance. And I think given our historical reluctance to do it, 2021 will certainly not be the year that we would choose to say that we had a much better -- much better visibility and are prepared to do it. So I think I tried in an earlier question to, certainly, talk about the fact that we would expect the cadence and the trajectory of 2021 to look differently and not to have that front half weighting that you alluded to. But we're not prepared to give specific percentages because, as I said in my opening remarks, what this is really all premised on, for the most part, is the pace at which the COVID virus eases and how that affects our labor force, etcetera, and those things are just very difficult to predict.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Fair enough. I have to give it a try anyway. And then to follow-up on the behavioral admissions. It's still a 10% delta versus -- in fourth quarter versus your largest public peer. Can you quantify, as you define it, the express demand from your referral sources like ER and other sources? And can you remind us what percent of those admissions come from those referral sources?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, again, I'm referencing what we would describe as sort of call volume, which is kind of inbound inquiry volume, which is, again, telephone calls and Internet inquiries, et cetera. And those really haven't declined during the pandemic. Our conversion rate, or the rate at which those inquiries or inbound calls turn into admissions, has fallen. And I think we attribute that in large part to our inability to literally put the patient in a bed, either because the bed itself is unavailable, because it's proximate to a COVID patient or to multiple COVID patients or, because we don't have enough qualified clinical staff to staff those beds. So we've not historically given out our call volume, et cetera. I don't know that any of our peers do anything like that. But I will say, repeat again, the notion that the call volume itself has not declined. And that's what leads us to believe that the underlying demand hasn't really changed. Our biggest challenge in 2020 has been meeting that demand and I think we'll just be in a much better position to do that in 2021, as we become less and less focused on the COVID virus itself.
Pito Chickering: All right. And then one more quick follow-up here, on the average length of stay. A follow-up on AJ's question. When you talk to managed care about mental health and the denials they're doing today. Do you think that the focus of mental health post the COVID means that these level of denials will stay at these current levels for 2021 and beyond? Or you get sort of -- you revert back to normal as the world returns to more of normal utilization rates?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, that's a difficult question, obviously, for us to answer, Pito, because I think it's really the behavior of the managed care companies that have changed. It's difficult for us to ascribe rationale to that. I mean, obviously, I think, broadly, the managed care companies have done quite well and prosper financially during the pandemic. Because of the lower utilization and lower volumes that we've been discussing as providers, I guess my gut reaction is that as utilization and volumes return to something approaching pre-pandemic levels, while we would hope that their behavior remains more reasonable and rational. It certainly would be make intuitive sense that they return to a more aggressive posture. But I really think that question is better posed than that.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. First, just, Steve, I apologize if I missed this, but I'd love to hear some more detail on the cost side, specifically around labor. Anything you could share with us in terms of specifics between the acute care business versus behavioral, specific markets? Is the temp nursing that you're having the good money on? And why do you think it's transitory?
Steve Filton: Sure. Well, again – and I think this has been true for some time. I think we had talked for the last several years about the fact that labor shortages have impacted the two divisions somewhat differently. On the acute side, the impact has been what I would describe as more traditional, that is elevated labor costs, we're spending more money on overtime for our own employees. We're spending more money on temporary and traveling nurses and those things and paying shift differentials and sign-on bonuses and all that sort of thing. And I think it's really been exacerbated during the last year because the COVID has created all sorts of different and new dynamics and pressures. First of all, it has created a number of instances where employees, nurses and other clinicians are out sick. They have the virus, and they've been exposed to the virus, although that's often -- they're often being exposed and contracting the virus outside of the hospital. But they're either way, they're on the sidelines for a period of time or they don't have the virus, but they've been exposed and they're quarantining or there's certainly been some element of burnout that we've all read about. It's been a very trying and difficult environment for clinicians to work in, and some have just, I think, decided to either step aside or try and work in less risky, less stressful environments. And then at the other end of the spectrum, we know that there are significant numbers of employees who have been chasing premium work dollars. Nurses who want to and are willing to relocate and willing to work six ships a week or whatever can make four or five times their regular salary and some nurses have certainly taken advantage of that opportunity. So all those expenses are reflected, I think, in our increased salary and wage expense on the acute side. On the behavioral side, as I've mentioned, I think, a number of times already on the call, the impact manifests itself somewhat differently. We do have a somewhat elevated level of labor expense. But the real impact is just the sheer inability to find sufficient numbers of clinicians, especially nurses, and therefore, an inability to accept as many qualified patients as we could either wise. And so it's reflected in kind of lower volumes rather than in elevated expense. And the notion is that, obviously, as the COVID virus eases in 2021, the dynamics that I talked about all start to reverse themselves. We don't have nearly as many nurses out. Many of our nurses and other employees are being vaccinated in realtime, so that should be helpful. The level of burn out should ease, the ability of nurses to chase premium dollars elsewhere we'll diminish. All those things should get better as COVID volumes decline. And that's why we believe that the current labor pressure is somewhat transitory. Although again, as I noted, particularly about our first half 2021 guidance, it will take some time for that to develop and occur.
Justin Lake: Thanks for all the detail. And just a quick follow-up on capital deployment. You talked about getting back to share repurchase in the second quarter. You reinstituted the dividend, but it doesn't look like you put any real - it didn't look like your share count was down much for the fourth quarter and the guide. Maybe you could talk about the timing and magnitude of that share repurchase. And just give us a kind of reset on kind of where you ended the year in terms of deployable capital?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So we - again, as I sort of referenced before in a different context, we went into 2020 with a guide towards an elevated level of share repurchase. Prior to 2020, we have been repurchasing about $400 million a year in shares. A couple of years before that, we went into 2020 with a guide towards doubling that and said we would repurchase $800 million worth of shares in 2020. And in fact, we repurchased $200 million in the first quarter before we suspended the share repurchases as the pandemic broke down in mid March. I think much like our operating forecast, we're sort of going back to those assumptions in 2021. And assuming that share repurchase, again, will be at that sort of elevated $700 million to $800 million level.
Justin Lake: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just first one, just a clarification or, I guess, confirmation on your guidance. 2021 excludes any potential impact from CARES Act, but is there a rough range in terms of potential payments that you guys think you could collect in 2021?
Steve Filton: So we did disclose in our 10-K that we've received subsequent to December 31 another close to $200 million of CARES Act funds, but we have made no estimation of whether any of that or any portion of that could or would be taken into income and we're not prepared to do that. But we did disclose that we've received another slightly less than $200 million.
Josh Raskin: Okay. So that's a starting point for the potential...
Steve Filton: To your point, Josh, just to be clear, there is no -- there are no CARES funds in our operating income forecast for 2021.
Josh Raskin: Right, right. Okay. And then the second question, just, I'm curious on your views on sort of physician and provider connectivity. I'm thinking more specifically on the behavioral health side. Do you think this movement towards sort of virtual visits downstream in the behavioral health segment, is that having any impact on inpatient trends? Or are you seeing anything there? Do you feel a need to sort of think more strategically around some of those changes?
Steve Filton: Well, I think what the expansion of telehealth capabilities and behavioral reflects, as I think the expansion of telehealth capabilities more broadly reflects is that during the pandemic, people were reluctant to access the system to seek assessment, to seek alternatives of care kind of through the traditional means. ER boxing visits went down, visits to private psychiatrists were down, referrals from school systems were down in large part because in-person schooling was down significantly. And telehealth helps, I think, to augment some of those other activities. I think at the end of the day, the fundamental services that we provide, however, are not competitive with telehealth. If somebody calls at telehealth line and speaks with a clinician and expresses suicidal ideation or homicidal thoughts or just sort of a lack of functionality in daily life. They're going to – if it's the person on the other end, the clinician is in any way a responsible clinician, they're going to refer a person to more intensive care, whether that's inpatient care or partial hospitalization or outpatient care, but something more intensive than a telephone visit. And so we've spent a lot of the past years standing up our capabilities and building out our capabilities in telehealth so that we our self can offer those services, but also partnering with others who do, and I don't think we have any objection to the fact that others are doing it, but really trying to make sure that patients who are identified as needing further intensive care get it in the appropriate place. And obviously, we feel like our facilities, both in and outpatient are terribly appropriate. And most telehealth providers just are not in a position to really provide a significant amount of care beyond that initial assessment or kind of a traditional a 50-minute therapy session that you get in a private psychiatrist or therapists office. And those things are obviously going to continue. And they've existed before the pandemic, and they'll exist appropriately afterwards.
Josh Raskin: Okay. Yeah, that's helpful. I wasn't insinuating that telehealth could supplant inpatient care or anything like that. It was really again more on that provider connectivity. Is there a chance you're missing out on the sort of new path for patients is to kind of move from downstream to potentially upstream, but it sounds like you've got some plans in there?
Steve Filton: Yeah. Look, I think it's a fair statement. I mean, we said it in the beginning. Look, I think it has definitely had an impact that acute care emergency down across the country by somewhere between 20% and 30% routinely during the pandemic, and we do get a measurable number of referrals from acute care hospital emergency room. So I think that's an issue. Now again, I think telehealth to a degree, has replaced some of that activity. And we've done a lot to reach out to our communities to make sure that, if people are reluctant to go to an emergency room or community mental health center that they will reach out in some other way that they feel more comfortable, again, with a telephone call, et cetera. But again, I don't think – which I think was in the question, or I don't think we believe that the increased presence of telehealth has really put a damper on that overall demand. Again, I'll go back to what I was saying before, we think the demand is there. Our biggest challenge, and we think it will ease some in 2021 and is meeting that demand, having sufficient beds and sufficient beds and sufficient personnel to meet that demand.
Josh Raskin: Perfect. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Perse with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Jamie Perse: Hey. Good morning, guys. I love your thoughts just real quick on how you're thinking about deferred care these days, just how much is out there, how much of that might come back over the next few years? And just what's in guidance for impact from deferred care on volumes this year?
Steve Filton: Yes, Jamie, it's a great question. We have said throughout the pandemic that we do believe sort of both anecdotally, we hear this from lots of positions. But also objectively, as we look at our service line volumes that there are people who have deferred care during the pandemic, and there's also evidence. And we've talked about this before, that there are people who when they come to the hospital are sicker and more acutely ill than they would have been had they come on a more timely basis. We're also hearing anecdotally from a lot of physicians at the current time they've got patients in their practice who are sort of queued up for elective sorts of procedures who are just waiting to get vaccinated. And as soon as they get vaccinated, they're willing to have that hip implant or an implant or other surgery that they may have delayed now to be perfectly fair, Jamie, we're unable to quantify that in any sort of specific way. It's not that I can tell you that we have x amount of this specific kind of surgery queued up for 2021. But what our 2021 guidance broadly assumes is that, again, as COVID volumes decline in 2021, non-COVID volumes increase. And elective and scheduled procedures get to pre pandemic levels by the back half of the year. And maybe there's even some catch-up and behavioral and acute patient base get to pre pandemic levels as the year goes on. And so that I think implicit in that assumption is that some of this deferred demand from 2020 resurfaces and is satisfied.
Jamie Perse: Okay. Thanks. And then just touching on Vegas for a minute. I know you don't guide to markets or anything like that, but curious how you're thinking about that market and the cadence of potential recovery relative to other markets, is it faster? Is it slower? Just any thoughts on how that market might impact your business over the next year would be great. Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, look, obviously, the Las Vegas market has been particularly hard hit by the pandemic because the gaming industry has been particularly hard hit by the pandemic and I think particularly is hit by the decline in airline travel, both domestically and internationally. We've been encouraged when the – the gaming properties reopened, I think, in the June time frame, mostly to local business, meaning people in Nevada and Arizona and California who would drive to the properties. I think they reopened at 50% capacity. And there were many days when they were reaching those limits. And I think more recently, a number of the gaming properties I've read have expanded their capacity and are opening more days and then opening more services, restaurants, shows, whatever. So I think there is, again, I think all the comments that I made about our business and the gradual improvement in 2021, likely apply to the broader gaming and travel and leisure industry in Las Vegas. I'll make the same comments, however, that I made before that that precise pace of recovery is difficult for us to predict. I think broadly, we would say that we're still incredibly bullish on the Las Vegas market. We continue to invest new capacity in that market. We opened a tower at our [indiscernible] tower at our Centennial Hills Hospital this past year. We continue to expand our capacity in Henderson infection of the Las Vegas market, which has been a significant boom for us. So we're very bullish on the long-term prospects in Las Vegas. Whether the next three months are difficult or six or nine months, that's more, I think, difficult to say. But every confidence that that market will fully recover and that our investment in that market will fully recover.
Jamie Perse: All right. That's great. Appreciate the comments. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with UBS. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Whit Mayo: Hey. Thanks. Steve, I know we've talked about this in the past. But looking at the non-same-store segment, if you will, for behavioral, you've got roughly 20 facilities sitting there burning $20 million a year now. And what's - just remind us what's in that bucket? What's happening? It's kind of a moving target. Can we get these back to breakeven? Do you need to shut facilities down, sell them? Just feels like there's this persistent cluster of assets that are just kind of dragging you down, so just wanted to get a little bit better perspective.
Steve Filton: Well, I think the dynamic with is as we -- most of these new facilities are these joint ventures, when they open, as with most new openings, there is a period of ramp up and usually sort of diluted earnings it does vary by market. But as this sort of becomes a rolling program, I think the good news is that the comparison will not be as negative because we'll have just a number of facilities that are opening at any time. But I think more importantly, we're starting to see the first of those facilities mature and really get up to division wide or segment wide margins and in some cases, even better than that. And I think over the next few years, those projects will be a bit less of a drag and a bit more of a driver of growth. But you're right, in the early stages of the openings of these that they've been a drag. And again, there is just some element of ramp up that we do everything we can to get started get these projects started as quickly as possible, but there is some ramp-up that's just unavoidable.
Whit Mayo: Yeah. But I mean, there is 22, I think, hospitals you have that aren't in the same-store category, and I don't think there are 22 new hospitals that you've opened. So is there not a group of hospitals that have been in the non-same-store category for some time that have either been underperforming? Or it just feels to me like there are some underperforming hospitals here that you could probably do something with.
Steve Filton: No, I think that's true with. And I think part of the reason they're in the non-same-store is they've been closed. And so there has been an ongoing effort over the last several years to evaluate the portfolio and prune those underperforming hospitals. As we go through the process of closing them, they get put in same-store. So you're right. There are some hospitals that are either in the process of being closed or are close, but still incurring some expenses. There are some run out that are in those members as well.
Whit Mayo: So if we've got minus $20 million of EBITDA in 2020, does that number -- does it break even this year? Does it – is it down 10%? I'm just trying to think over the next maybe year or two, what's the right way to think about those losses turning into earnings.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I think that overall number will come down, and I apologize, what -- I mean, I don't have that detail in front of me, so my answer by definition is going to be a little bit broader. But I think they'll come down. I think some of those -- both of those newer openings, as well as the closures where their drag was exacerbated by the pandemic. So I believe that those numbers will come down in 2021. So again, I'm going to say from a $20 million run rate to let's say $10 million. But I'll take a more detailed look after the call and try to provide more color.
Whit Mayo: We can talk later on. But my last one is just still sticking just with behavioral. And I mean, we've been – you guys have been whacking at this for some time now. You've got some new leadership. I mean, are there any new investments that need to be made? I mean, there's not a lot of technology. There's no EMR around behavioral. As you approach just the overall strategy, has anything evolved that you would care to share or anything that we should look to hear about over the next year? I don't know if Marc has any views on this?
Marc Miller: Yeah, I can tell you, I mean, there's a lot – I'm not sure how much I want to share on this call right now, but we're changing up a lot of the way that we look at, especially our behavioral segment, and we're doing a lot more on the project management side, trying to ramp up some of our current and existing programs and then really get into some new areas that we think will provide greater revenue opportunities going forward. So I'm not going to go into detail on this call, but there's a lot happening, especially on the behavioral side that we're excited about right now.
Whit Mayo: Okay, great. Look forward to hearing more. Thanks, guys.
Steve Filton: I will just say, Whit, I mean, I think we touched on this before. I mean, I think some of that investment is on the ambulatory side, I think much like on the acute side. There's a notion that payers, in particular, are looking to see if services can't be delivered in more efficient, lower cost settings. And so I think we're focused on providing, or providing at least the alternative or the optionality for more ambulatory care on the payroll side.
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Filton.
Steve Filton: Okay. Well, we thank everybody for their presence and look forward to speaking again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines are currently in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to hand the conference over to Mr. Steve Filton. Please go ahead sir.
Steve Filton: Thank you and Good morning. Alan Miller and Marc Miller are also joining us this morning and we welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2020. During the conference call, we'll be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the sections on Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30th, 2020. We'd like to highlight a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.82 for the quarter. After adjusting for the impact of the items reflected on the supplemental schedule, as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $2.88 for the quarter ended September 30, 2020. As of September 30, 2020, we have received approximately $396 million of funds from various governmental stimulus programs, most notably the CARES Act. Included in our reported income for the nine months and three months, respectively, is approximately $213 million and negative $5 million of net revenues recorded in connection with these stimulus programs. For the nine months, approximately $161 million of these revenues were attributable to our acute care facilities and $52 million were attributed to our behavioral health facilities. In addition, during 2020, we received approximately $695 million of Medicare accelerated payments, which had no impact on our earnings during the first nine months. As previously discussed in our first quarter conference call, beginning in mid-March, the incidence of COVID-19 and suspected COVID cases increased in our acute facilities and correspondingly, the volume of non-COVID patients declined significantly. These declines in patient volumes generally continued into the first half of April. Beginning with the second half of April, our admission and patient day metrics began to rebound. By the first half of May, local authorities had lifted restrictions on elective surgeries and other procedures, and those volumes began to rebound sharply as well. ER visits, while also gradually improving, have been the volume unit slowest to recover, but the increased acuity of our patient population suggests, at least in part, that the more acutely ill patients tended to return to the ERs and the less acute patients were the ones continuing to avoid that care. In late June, and continuing throughout the third quarter, most of our hospitals experienced the second wave of COVID cases, although to date, this second wave has not been accompanied by the same magnitude of non-COVID case declines that we experienced in the first wave in that March-April timeframe. Generally, our hospitals were able to better prepare for this second wave with greater ICU and isolation room capacity, as well as more ample inventories of PPE. The Behavioral Health segment experienced a similar pattern of volume changes, with patient day metrics hitting a trough in early April and incrementally recovering for the rest of the quarter. Despite a number of headwinds, including a decline in referrals from acute care emergency rooms, from schools which have not fully returned in-person learning and from travel restrictions on potential patients, patient days at our Behavioral Health facilities improved during this year's third quarter to approximately 97% of the volume realized during last year's third quarter. As we noted in the first quarter, our paramount concern throughout the COVID crisis has been taking all the necessary steps to keep our patients and employees as safe as possible. We did, however, also recognize the severe financial stresses created by the COVID crisis, and we undertook a series of steps to mitigate the dramatic revenue declines and to protect our capital structure, including cost reduction initiatives across all of our expense categories. Our approach in this regard, especially as it relates to labor expenses, has been a balanced one, reflecting our expectation that the dramatic decline in volume would in many instances be temporary in nature, and also recognizing the severe strains that the crisis has created on our employee caregivers. As the crisis has continued, it has increased the pressure on our ability to staff our hospitals at competitive rates and to meet current demand levels. We've also implemented a suspension of our share repurchase and quarterly dividend programs. As a result of these actions as well as the funds received in connection with the governmental stimulus programs and Medicare accelerated payments, the company had closed to $1.45 billion of aggregate available borrowing capacity as of September 30, 2020, along with approximately and cash equivalents. While we are strongly encouraged by the mostly stable volume trends in the quarter, we acknowledge the potential material impact that COVID-19 could have on our future operations and financial results. And since the nature of these COVID developments are largely beyond our ability to control, we have continued to withhold any further guidance -- earnings guidance for the balance of 2020. We would be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from line of Andrew Mok with Barclays.
Andrew Mok: Hi, good morning. Wanted to follow-up on the strong pricing in both segments this quarter. On the acute side, can you give us the surgery statistics for the quarter and give us a sense for how acuity trended on a comparable basis, excluding COVID patients?
Steve Filton: Sure, Andrew. So, I would suggest that the drivers of the really strong acuity on the acute side are number one, the acuity of the COVID patients themselves. COVID patients, I think, on average, have a case mix that is about 50% higher than non-COVID patients. So, that's a driver. Our non-COVID case mix is also up. And one of the things, I think, that we note and hear from our hospitals is that at least a portion of the patients who come to our hospitals have delayed or deferred their care during the pandemic. And so when they come to the hospitals, they tend to be more acutely ill than they would have been had they come sort of on a more timely basis. And then finally, consistent with what I said in my prepared remarks, I think that the absence of -- the decline in emergency room visits, we believe, is largely concentrated in the lower acuity patients. So, the mix of patients we have is, by nature, are a higher acuity mix because so many of those lower acuity patients are absent from the emergency room.
Andrew Mok: Great. And on the behavioral side, the length of stay moderated on a sequential basis but revenue per adjusted admission remains strong. What supported the strong pricing there? And how should we think about the sustainability of that in Q4 and in 2021? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Sure. Because the behavioral revenue per adjusted patient day was as high as it was, we certainly did a deeper dive ourselves to try and understand. I don't know that there's one particular element of explanation. I think we found that we are getting the benefit of some higher contractual rate increases. We're seeing the impact of a little bit more leniency on the part of managed care companies in terms of things like denials and concurrent utilization management. There were small amounts of positive reimbursement adjustments in this quarter and also some negative adjustments in last year's third quarter. Again, none of these were material. My gut, Andrew, is that, that number at 5% to 6% revenue per day growth will moderate some next quarter and probably more into that 3%, 4% range.
Andrew Mok: Got it. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch with BMO Capital Markets.
Matthew Borsch: Realize that you're not wanting to give guidance here, but would you be willing just to tell us what are maybe some of the headwinds and tailwinds that you're thinking about as we contemplate 2021?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean the way that I think we're thinking about the business, and I think our results in this quarter are emblematic, is that on the acute side, broadly, and I think our peers have seen very similar trends. We are seeing some more moderated volumes than we were seeing pre-pandemic, but those lower volumes have largely been offset by higher acuity. The reason I think we'd be reluctant to give any further guidance is we don't know how the COVID trajectory is likely to play out over the course of the fourth quarter and into next year. And until -- I think some of those trends are more stabilized, it would be difficult to say. But I think that, again, what we were able to demonstrate in the third quarter is that we could produce acute care bottom line growth with lower volumes and higher acuity. I think our sense is that as the COVID crisis stabilizes some, volumes will increase and acuity will decline and will start to approach metrics that look a little bit more like what they look like pre-pandemic. But the cadence of that and the trajectory of that is what, I think, we find challenging to project. On the Behavioral Side, I think what we have found is that, there are a number of hospitals, several of which I tried to enumerate in my prepared remarks, that are preventing our behavioral hospitals from getting back to pre-pandemic volume levels. They're a little bit short of that. But they've largely made up for it through, again, higher revenue per day, as well as strong cost-cutting initiatives. Again, I think we have a perspective that as the COVID crisis stabilizes, behavioral volumes will increase, the timing and cadence of that is what's difficult to predict.
Matthew Borsch: If I just, 1 follow-up on the behavioral volumes. Do you agree with the characterization that COVID has perhaps created a larger bolus of people needing mental health services, or is it just too much of a mix of things to make that call?
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think -- again, what I tried to say in my prepared remarks, Matt, is that, I think, COVID has created some practical headwinds for the behavioral business. The decline in emergency room visits has clearly affected our referrals from emergency rooms, which are a significant source of behavioral patients.  The intermittent sort of return to schools has certainly affected our adolescent referrals from school systems. Some of our hospitals rely reasonably heavily on travel, patients who are traveling, and, obviously, that's been diminished. So we're actually encouraged by the fact that our behavioral volumes are as high as they are, given these other dynamics because as your question suggests, we do believe that the COVID crisis has created a significant amount of incremental stress on the entire population and obviously, particularly on those who are predisposed to have behavioral issues. So again, I think we have a view that as the country returns to sort of more normalized patterns of work and school and travel, and I'm not exactly sure when that will be, but when that occurs, I think we believe that there is a reservoir of behavioral volumes still to be satisfied.
Matthew Borsch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. I wanted to ask if you could give a little color on the Las Vegas market. I wanted to see if you're seeing anything substantially different in the trends there as far as the economy goes or volumes and payer mix?
Steve Filton: Sure, Kevin. I mean, I think, that it's fair to say that almost all of our acute care hospitals, certainly all of our larger acute care hospitals, whether they're in District of Colombia or South Florida, Vegas, Texas, Riverside County, California, were in geographies that were considered COVID hotspot in the third quarter. So the dynamic of more COVID patients when we clearly saw an acceleration of COVID patients in the third quarter in virtually all of our markets, we saw an increase in acuity that we've already discussed. But again, I think that was largely all across the board. Many of the markets that I enumerated are also experiencing higher levels of unemployment than the national averages. I don't think that at least at the current moment, we've seen a really significant impact of that yet in these geographies, I think, in part because -- and I think our peers have mentioned the similar dynamic a lot of the decline in ER volumes seems to reside with those poor paying or lower patients with a lesser ability to pay so -- I mean our payer mix remain relatively stable despite the fact that we're in markets, including Las Vegas that are experiencing some higher unemployment. Obviously -- specifically to Las Vegas, how that economy rebounds and how quickly it recovers, I think, is dependent in large part on travel patterns and particularly airline travel patterns. I think that the Vegas market reports, for instance, that casino volumes amongst the local population, people in Las Vegas and Nevada and California and Arizona are pretty strong, not all that far off from pre-COVID levels, but these are, for the most part, people who are driving to Las Vegas. I think those tourists who are coming by airline to Las Vegas are down much more significantly. And how quickly that rebound will be, I think, determinant of how quickly the economy recovers in Vegas. But again, at the moment, I think that's a little hard for us to speculate on.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, great. And then I guess, when we think about the acuity improvement, are you actually seeing then just a lack of low acuity patients -- that low acuity is dropping faster than high acuity is dropping, but high acuity is also still dropping?
Steve Filton: Yes. So as I said in an earlier response, I mean, I really think it's three things, and you enumerated two of them. The COVID patients themselves are much sicker and more acutely over the non-COVID patients. The absence of the lower acuity patients sort of mathematically drives up acuity. But we are also finding that non-COVID patients are coming in generally more acutely ill, and we attribute that dynamic to the idea that many patients are delaying and deferring care so that when they do come to the hospital, maybe a month or two after they've started to experience whatever symptoms they're having, they may well be sicker than had they come on a more timely basis.
Kevin Fischbeck: So, you would say that your actual -- that high acuity patients are actually up year-over-year despite total volumes being down?
Steve Filton: Yes.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, all right. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hi everybody and I want to wish best wishes to Alan and Marc as they transition roles there. Maybe to look at your cost management, which looks like meaningfully positive there. I guess the rate increase -- or the relative rate increases, pricing helps on that. It looks like labor and other operating expense did show a nice year-to-year trend. Is that also a function of some of the cost initiatives? Can you tell us where that stands? And I noticed that was true for both acute and behavioral that you saw similar -- or you saw improvements in labor and other operating expense?
Steve Filton: No, I think that's accurate, A.J. I think you have to put all this in context. So, in mid-March, when the COVID crisis really first began in earnest and we saw this dramatic decline in non-COVID visits and ER visits in elective and scheduled procedures on the acute side and behavioral patient days almost sort of complete sort of lockdown across the country. It was very difficult to predict where business was going, what we would be dealing with, et cetera. And so both our business segments and our operators, I think, took dramatic and prudent steps to try and right-size the labor force and right-size our hours in response to the demand declines. And obviously, we were fortunate and both businesses have recovered relatively quickly, and demand has come back. But I think, again, both operating managers in both segments have been prudent in restoring the labor that had been sort of rightsized. And so I think we benefited that from clearly in Q3. I think as the demand continues to increase, I think labor will continue to also increase and be rightsized. But one of the dynamics are, it's difficult to make dramatic cuts to labor in the hospital business because after you adjust for the immediate demand, now you're cutting into fixed and semi-fixed costs and overhead costs, et cetera and that's difficult to do. But once it's done, I also think that there's a sustainability kind of aspect to it. And we saw this during the recession -- The Great Recession 10 years ago, where there were some pretty dramatic cuts made at the beginning of the recession and they were relatively slow to be restored. And I think you're seeing some of that same dynamic here today
A.J. Rice: Okay. And then a follow-up one would be around your ER volumes, I guess, or down 26% above that right? Two things, I guess, on that is, you're saying it's mainly the low acuity. So the percentage of those ER visits that end up on the inpatient side? Are you seeing that increase and sort of validate the thoughts that the people that are showing up were sicker what it would be in a normal environment? And then on your outpatient volume in general, is that also still lagging substantially in terms of coming back or is that doing better than what you're seeing with the ER?
Steve Filton: So, in response to your first question, we are clearly seeing what we describe as a higher conversion rate of ER visits. That is a much higher percentage of people who are coming to the ER, are being admitted to the hospital. And I think that's a function of exactly what we've been talking about, which is the lower acuity patients, the scrapes and bruises and ear infections and strep throats are not necessarily coming, but the cardiac patients and stroke patients are coming and so they're being admitted at a greater frequency. As far as the second question goes, I think a big -- at least on the acute side, the decline in ER visits is what's driving a lot of the outpatient decline. Obviously, there's a lot of attendance sort of revenue that goes along with an ER visit could be pharmacy, it could be radiology, it could be lab. And so to the degree that ER visits are down 25% to 30%, we're going to see outpatient revenues in that other -- in those other areas down as well. Outpatient surgeries and scheduled and elective surgeries have remained pretty strong. They're not at pre-COVID levels, but they're pretty close and stronger than ER volume certainly.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Piper Sandler.
Sarah James: Hi, thank you. I was hoping that you could update us on where you are on catching up on delayed procedures. And it would be really helpful if you could break that out into procedures that were delayed from the first half versus the third quarter.
Steve Filton: So Sarah, what we said last quarter was elective and scheduled procedures had come back by the middle of June to something pretty close to pre-COVID levels. And then with that second wave that began in late June and then certainly carried into July and for most of the third quarter, we saw a moderate step back in those elective and scheduled procedures. And it is varied by market because in the markets that go through particularly significant COVID wave, you see more pressure on those sorts of things. But generally, I would say that for the third quarter, across the portfolio, elective and scheduled procedures have been in that 90% to 95% range of pre-COVID levels, although it does vary by market and it does vary by the markets that are experiencing COVID surges.
Sarah James: Does that mean that the delayed procedures have been rebooked? So I'm just trying to parse between the surgeries that were for a specific quarter going through versus the catch-up being completed?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So I think it's difficult. And I know some of our peers have given some pretty precise numbers about that. I think it's difficult to say -- when we schedule a surgery or we schedule a procedure, it's difficult for us to know when that patient was originally seen by their doctor, whether they were sort of in the pipeline, whether they were deferred, et cetera. We don't really become aware of the patient until they are at their hospital procedure schedule. So I would say our experience in large part has been that -- in that mid-April to mid-May timeframe as physicians returned to more normal practice patterns that they did just that. They returned to their more normal practice patterns. If they did surgeries two days a week and office hours, two days a week, that's largely what they did. Some physicians certainly made more of an effort to catch up and get through the backlog than others. But I think we have a feeling just generally that we haven't really seen a bolus of catch-up and that the rate of surgical procedures that we're experiencing certainly sustainable. It's not like, I think, we have a sense that there's been a bolus and now we're going to see a real dip just because we've worked through that bolus.
Sarah James: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Pito Chickering: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Going back on behavioral demand. Can you give us a little more color on what segments you saw strengths and weaknesses during the quarter? Any geographic areas or strengths and weaknesses? And any color on where you exited the quarter on behavioral demand? Anything you can tell us about October would be great.
Steve Filton: It's a little hard to answer the question, Pito, about the behavioral division only because the geographic dispersion of our behavioral facilities is so much more to piece than it is on the acute side. What I will say just sort of generally is our behavioral hospitals in markets where there was a COVID surge tended to be impacted more than in markets where there weren't. So -- and again, through some of the reasons that I enumerated earlier, ER volumes would go down in a market where there was a COVID surge. People were staying at home or they didn't want to necessarily, again, go to what we would consider to be the normal access point to hospital ER, mental health center, private psychiatrist office and so we were challenged there. We're also challenged in our behavioral division, when we get a COVID patient or COVID patients because we're not as prepared necessarily as we are in the acute care hospital. So we'll create and isolate a unit, a 10-bed unit or 15-bed unit for COVID patients. But if we only have 1 or 2 COVID patients, it's more inefficient, quite frankly, than it tends to be on the acute side. So other than making the point that, I think, probably the most variable sort of element that we're seeing in our behavioral volumes is the incidence of COVID patients in the market and in particular facilities, that's sort of the one overarching observation I make.
Alan Miller:  It's -- Steve, it's well agreed that COVID has had a very detrimental effect on general mental health. Number of suicides, number of depression, alcoholism has all gone up. And as the COVID-19 gets better treatment, which we'll see in the future, I think we're going to see a volume of these patients come to the hospitals, which they have been avoiding now because of the COVID-19 threat.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And actually, my next question is either for Mark or Alan. Relative to your peers, the balance sheet is definitely running under-levered versus everyone else. I understand there are a lot of issues going on with COVID and Medicare Funds and Grant Funds going around. But in general, how should we think about leverage ratios going forward? Are there any minimum levels where we can assume the excess free cash flow goes to share repurchases? I'm just trying to understand how far sort of deleveraging can go before it finds a floor?
Steve Filton: Peter, let me respond quickly. And then certainly, Alan and Mark can add their perspective. We certainly acknowledge that we're in a very favorable capital structure position and leverage position at the moment, and we feel comfortable with that. We still feel like there's a significant amount of uncertainty in the business, obviously, not just for UHS, but broadly for the country and the hospital business in general. There's lots of speculation that things could get worse from a COVID perspective as the winter progresses and with the holidays come around and people are less strict about their social distancing, etcetera. And I'm not wanting to tell you how that's all going to play out. But I think from our perspective, we'd like to probably get to the other side of the New Year at least and then sort of take a step back and recalibrate where we are, et cetera. But certainly at the moment that we're in a really strong position. And if that continues, I think that we would have every intention to resume our share repurchase and dividend programs early next year. But certainly, Alan or Marc further thought, they can weigh in. So that means that we have a relatively consensus view of things.
Alan Miller: We have always been conservative. We've never had or sought to have a problem with regard to funding. And that's the case at the moment. So that will continue. That will – I don't always be universal. I mean we will be prudent with regard to our cash and our cash expenditures.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks, good morning. Steve, can you give us a sense of COVID admissions in the quarter and maybe revenue contribution? And then just give us a sense maybe more broadly of the month-to-month volume trend and any early for October within the acute segment?
Steve Filton: Yes, Ralph, I mean, COVID admissions in the third quarter were about 12% of our total acute care admissions. That was a significant increase over the second quarter where, I think, it was probably about 5% was an equivalent number. The trajectory of it was that July was clearly the peak and then we saw the COVID cases come down in August and then come down again a little bit in September. Data for October is a little bit harder to give you with precision because we got the complication of the cyber attack that occurred late in September and our recovery was ongoing for a good chunk of October, and we continue to backload some of our data, et cetera. So we don't have as sort of good information as we would at this point in a month as we might otherwise have. But, I think, our general sense is that COVID volumes are relatively stable in October with the exception of a couple of hospitals that have seen pretty significant surges.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. All right. Fair enough. And then…
Steve Filton: And you think about the – just on that revenue – I am sorry, Ralph. You asked about the revenue contribution. I think I mentioned before in a previous response that the case mix index of COVID patients was about 50% high than the non-COVID patients. I don't have the exact revenue – sort of the commensurate revenue information. But, I think, order of magnitude, you would expect revenue to be similar.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then I wanted to go to the just general sort of rate backdrop. First on the Medicaid side. Obviously, some fairly hefty cuts in Nevada, I believe. So, I guess, what's the outlook for rates in Medicaid next year? And then if you could just touch on the commercial rate backdrop as well. Just give us a sense of maybe how much you've locked in for 2021 and 2022? And maybe a rough range of what those rates are and if there's still generally three years in length? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. I think the percentage of long-term contract is not as great as it was a few years ago. I mean, I think, we're largely locked into our 2021 rates, although it's fair to say that we're always working with our payers where we think our rates might be under-market or there has been a long time since we've gotten what we believe to be reasonable rate increases. Particularly on the government side of things, I think on the commercial side, that process tends to be a more sort of regular and scheduled process. When I said the government side, I'm talking about managed Medicare, Medicaid, and particularly, Medicaid. Look, I think we have a point of view that the managed care companies across the board are doing quite well, and they're doing quite well in large part because of a reduction in provider payments during the pandemic. And so where we think that our rates are not so competitive, we're going to use that particular data point as yet another way of working with the payers to get what we think are at a rate. And obviously, that's a two-way process. So, we'll push forward, they push back, and hopefully, the end result is one that's fair to both parties.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron Research.
Josh Raskin: Hi thanks. I think you've talked to a couple of points here that may be part of the answer. But the basic question is, do you make money fee on low acuity patients? It just seems like the low acuity is disappearing. I understand there's a little bit more high acuity patient mix. But EBITDA doesn't appear to be impacted by this, or is it just significant cost-cutting is kind of hiding the impact and you do make money on those low acuity patients?
Steve Filton: Yes. Look, I think it's a pretty broad question, Josh, and maybe difficult to answer in a pervasive way. But I think we've always made the point that low acuity patients in the ER are probably not very profitable. And again, I cited the bumps and bruises and strep throat and ear infections before. But I think we've always had the view that those patients for a variety of reasons are probably more effectively treated somewhere else in the system, in large part because the overhead in the hospital -- and the overhead in the hospital ER is much more significant than it would be in a lower acuity setting like an urgent care center or a retail pharmacy clinic, that sort of thing. At the end of the day, I think we have a point of view, however, that we are probably able to earn a reasonable profit on any patient that is insured, whether they have Medicaid, Medicare or commercial insurance. The real challenge with hospitals and with emergent -- acute care hospitals and emergency rooms, in particular, is that uncompensated burden. And again, one of the interesting things in this sort of pandemic environment seems to be that those lower acuity patients who are not coming to hospital emergency rooms tend to be also the lower paying Medicaid and non-insured patients. And I think that's partly why that decline in volume has not been as costly to hospitals as you might have otherwise expected.
Josh Raskin: That's perfect. And then just taking a step back, as the pandemic made you think differently about your geographic concentration, specifically in the acute care segment, is there sort of an opportunity to juxtapose that with the balance sheet conversation to help struggling systems in other urban areas? Is this a time where you should be thinking about your financial strength being able to help others?
Marc Miller: So I'll take this. This is Marc. Our development activities have continued throughout the year, almost at the same clip as they had pre-COVID. That said, a lot of the deals aren't closing right now. There's a lot of conversations. You read a lot of articles about systems all over the country that are struggling. But most or many of them are not at the point where they're making determinations to change from their current situation to something new. That said, I do think we're laying groundwork for the future near and longer term, where something like that could happen, either within current acute care markets, which we're most familiar with, or other markets, either markets where we have behavioral presence, but not yet acute care or markets that we don't play in right now, but we track for different reasons, mostly because there's opportunities there, possible future opportunities. So I do think that, that rate happen, but we're not seeing that happen right at this time.
Josh Raskin: Sounds like it's more on their end than your end. It sounds like you guys, Mark, are well prepared and sort of waiting for those systems to figure out where they are?
Marc Miller: Yes. And it gets back to that cash issue on the balance sheet, we are -- we always take a conservative approach. I think we're in a great financial position to move when there's an opportunity. So we want to remain in a good financial position so that when that does happen, we can make decisions quickly. So yes, I would agree with you, though, that a lot of those things are on the other side. And when they -- those health systems do make their determinations, we'll be ready to act.
Josh Raskin: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Gary Taylor with JPMorgan.
Gary Taylor: Hey good morning. Most of my questions answered. But I just wanted to go back for a moment, Steve, just on the acuity again. And I missed just the first couple of minutes, but did you actually break out on that net revenue per adjusted admission, the acuity versus the payer mix contribution? And you talked about the COVID CMI being higher. Do you have the actual change in your overall your non-COVID CMI in the quarter?
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think that the CMI for COVID patients in the quarter was something like 2.4 and for non-COVID patients was 1.6, and I talked about it being about 50% high, but those are actual numbers. As far as the payer mix acuity, I don't think we touched on that other than, I know that some of our peers have talked about their higher revenue in the quarter being driven by sort of a combination of higher acuity and improved payer mix. I think for us, it is more an acuity issue than a payer mix issue. I did say in an earlier response, I forget exactly what context, that our payer mix was sort of stable in the quarter. And I think, as best as I can speculate, the reason that we didn't see some of the improvement that our peers saw is because of our elevated level of COVID patients who, I think, tend to be more Medicare and less commercial. So with a higher percentage of COVID patients, we didn't necessarily see the same improved payer mix that some of our peers saw.
Gary Taylor: Got it. And is there anything – and I'm sorry if I missed this and just move on, if I did. But on the IT sort of system attack that you had, is there anything contemplated where you feel like there's some additional spend in terms of IT infrastructure going forward?
Alan Miller: Yeah. I mean, I think, that at this point, we're still going through forensic audit to make sure we understand exactly what happened here. We have a robust security apparatus here. And even with that, we did get hit. We are reviewing everything having to do with our cybersecurity. We've got a very strong internal cyber team, and then we work with various external partners, some of which are nationally known names that others work with as well. So we're reviewing all aspects at this point, and we have not made any determinations as of yet as to how we might want to spend dollars, either differently or enhance our spend. But we will be continuing to review this to make sure that we are as secure as possible going forward.
Gary Taylor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Nicolas Sopant [ph] with PNC.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Thank you for the call. Given the increase in unemployment under insurance and non-insurance, have you made any changes to your provisions on collectibility or allowances?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So we have, and I think as most hospitals have over the last several years, enhanced our revenue recognition or conversely, our bad debt or charity care recognition to make it more precise, more accurate so that in real-time, as patients are presenting to our hospitals, we're identifying their ability to pay their insurance or lack of same, et cetera. So those have been in place for quite some time. I think that, therefore, if payer mix deteriorates as a result of higher unemployment, as we move forward into continued levels of higher unemployment, we're in a position to recognize that from an accounting and financial reporting standpoint in real time, and we'll do that. What I was saying earlier is, I don't think, we're seeing that yet. And I think, there's a variety of reasons for that. I think while some employees are being furloughed, but they're keeping their health benefits. Some employees who are being laid off were able to access COBRA. Some employees who were laid off deferred their procedures, if that's possible, if they're not emergent. What we have seen, if you go back and you look at the experience in The Great Recession 10 years ago, for instance, is that unemployment increased pretty dramatically, but the impact on hospitals in terms of elevated levels of uncompensated care increased more incrementally over a two or three-year period. Now, obviously, the unemployment created by the pandemic occurred probably faster and more – in a more accelerated manner than it did back in The Great Recession. But to some degree, I think you're seeing that same delayed effect. So I wouldn't be surprised if we see more uncompensated care in the future, but it will probably be a more gradual incremental sort of impact. But I believe our reporting systems are well-established to be able to do that properly. Any other questions, operator?
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Scott Fidel with Stephens.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. First question, just interested in your thoughts on the latest CARES guidance that came from HHS in October, I know that the guidance from HHS has really been a moving target. But just, Steve, interested in terms of, first, which is the guidance you were using in terms of accounting for the third quarter? And then whether directionally that did seem to become a little bit more accommodating as it relates to booking loss revenues relative to the prior September guidance?
Steve Filton: Yes. Scott, so you raised a good point. So first of all, I think we took the position along with our outside accountants that the way that we recorded the CARES grant revenues in the third quarter was based on the HHS guidance that was effective as of September 30. And as you pointed out, and I saw you had a note out this morning about one of our peers, HHS has made a couple of changes to that guidance subsequent to September 30. I think there are still things that we'd like to clarify with HHS or have a better understanding with HHS before making any firm decisions. But, I think, we have a point of view that there's a reasonable chance that when we take into account the revised HHS guidance and clarify some of the things that we think are not absolutely clear today, we'll be able to properly record more CARES revenue and incremental CARE revenue in Q4.
Scott Fidel: Got it. That's helpful. And then just had a follow-up question and would be interested in just your perspectives on the labor dynamics right now in the acute care hospital side. Just as it relates to – there have been some headlines more relating to some of the peers around the unions and some contentious situations that have risen relating to demands there. And just interested in your perspective on whether you see this as just the typical noise or if the pandemic just continues to drag on, whether those types of situations could ultimately drive increased wage pressure over time?
Alan Miller: Yes. I mean, we're certainly watching what's happening with our colleagues, I think, at our hospitals. We try to pride ourselves on having open lines of communication and making sure that our employees understand what our thought – what our thinking is for the decisions that we're making. So as far as we're concerned, I think we're in a good position right now. I do think that there are some cost pressures on the labor side, where some systems that are struggling are throwing dollars at this. And so you do see anecdotally in certain specific areas where you have some people jumping for a couple of bucks here and there. But as far as labor strike and some of the other things, we've been fortunate that I think that because of the way we manage and communicate with our employees, thus far, we've been able to avoid some of the things that we see happening at some of our competitor facilities.
Scott Fidel: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. Just kind of a couple of other quick follow-up numbers questions for you. Steve, I think yourself as well as most of your peers during the third quarter, you were at a conference and things like that, were talking about my recollection was kind of mid- single-digit declines in patient admission. It looks like you were closer to the high single-digit. Just curious how inpatient admissions overall kind of trended through the quarter and in October did September take a step down or am I recalling that incorrectly?
Steve Filton: Yes. So -- and just have a little trouble hearing you. So if I don't answer your question on point, you clarify. But I think you were asking about our overall absolute admission numbers. We do disclose for the quarter in our selected statistics table, overall admission decline, which I think on the acute side was about 9.5% versus the 17% on the adjusted side. And obviously, the difference is the decline in outpatient volume, which I think, again, based on the earlier questions was driven by that emergency room decline more than anything else. As far as sort of the trajectory of cadence during the quarter, I talked about a little in the context of COVID. COVID definitely peaked in July and then declined for us in August and September. And I think our non-COVID volumes sort of have the opposite trajectory. I think our overall volumes were relatively consistent during the quarter.
Justin Lake: Okay. And into October, you're seeing similar?
Steve Filton: And again, I'm going to have to take a little bit of a path on that as I sort of indicated in an earlier question. Because of the cyber attack, our information on October is still not perfect. But my gut is that, we saw a bit of an interruption in our volumes in the early part of October, some ambulance diversions and some canceled surgeries. But I think by the end of October, things were largely back to normal, but it's just difficult to be a whole lot more precise than that at the moment.
Justin Lake: Thanks.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Whit Mayo with UBS.
Whit Mayo: Hey thanks. Just one question on the cybersecurity development, and I appreciate comments on the robust IT infrastructure. I'm more curious what this really means sort of out in the field with your operators. I presume that you've got contingency plans that you've put into place to periodically take hospitals off-line, work on paper and so your clinicians and operators are probably well prepared for this. But just any color on the contingency plans and thoughts about just the field level disruption that perhaps this may have or may not have? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Well, you actually said it right there. I mean we go off-line often for different maintenance updates and things like that. So our plans are – have been put into practice many times. That said, when you're in a regular downtime and you know it's going to be for a period of time, I don't think there's the level of stress that you get when something like this happens, where you don't know how long it's going to last for. But saying that, we've all been incredibly impressed, not just with the leadership from our IT folks, but from all the leaders on both sides, both divisions right down to the folks on the patient care level right at the bedside, how they've handled this. They really worked diligently to keep perspective, make sure that we were able to treat patients in a safe and efficient manner. If we were worried at all that, that was not the case, then we slowed things down, we delayed procedures where necessary. But I do think that our preparations for things like this really paid off for us because most of our hospitals were able to act in a fashion that we would have hoped would have happened, but you never really know until something like this happens. And I think that was another reason why we saw just the ability to get back up and running so quickly because we did things in a very organized and efficient manner. So I do think that all of those policies and procedures played out well. And all of that said, I hope it never happens to us again, but we'll continue to enhance those protocols just in case we have to deal with that again.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Thanks. Good luck on the new role Marc.
Marc Miller: Thank you.
Operator: We show no further audio questions. I'll hand the conference back for closing remarks.
Steve Filton: Okay. Thank you. We thank everybody for their time and look forward to our call early next year.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Mr. Steve Filton. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Filton: Thank you, Natalya. Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO is also joining us this morning. We welcome you to this review of the Universal Health Service's Results for the Second Quarter ended June 30, 2020. During the conference call, we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecasts, projections, and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.95 for the quarter. After adjusting for the impact of the items reflected on the supplemental schedule as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $2.93 for the quarter ended June 30, 2020. As of June 30, 2020, we have received approximately $320 million of funds from various governmental stimulus programs most notably the CARES Act. Included in our reported income for the second quarter is approximately 218 million of net revenues recorded in connection with these stimulus program. Approximately 157 million of these revenues were attributable to our acute care facilities and 61 million were attributable to our behavioral health facilities.  In addition, during the second quarter of 2020, we received approximately $375 million of Medicare accelerated payments, which had no impact on earnings during the quarter.  As previously discussed in our first quarter conference call, beginning in mid-March, the incidence of COVID-19 and suspected COVID cases increased in our acute facilities. And correspondingly, the volume of non-COVID patients declined significantly. These declines in patient volumes generally continued into the first half of April.  Beginning with the second half of April, our admission in patient day metrics began to rebound. By the first half of May, local authorities had lifted restrictions on elective surgeries and other procedures, and those volumes began to rebound sharply as well. ER visits while also gradually improving have been the volume units slowest to recover, but the increased acuity of our patient population suggests at least in part, that the more severely ill patients who tended to return to the emergency rooms, and the less acute patients were the ones continuing to avoid that level of care.  In late June and continuing into July, most of our hospitals experienced the second wave of COVID cases. Although to date this second wave has not been accompanied by the same magnitude of non-COVID case declines that we experienced in the first wave in the March and April timeframe.  Generally, our hospitals were better able to prepare for this second wave with greater ICU and isolation room capacity, as well as more ample inventories of PPE. Obtaining timely COVID test results, as demand has increased, does remain a challenge in certain instances. The behavioral health segment experienced a similar pattern of volume changes with patient day metrics hitting a trough in early April and incrementally recovering for the rest of the quarter. Despite a number of headwinds including a decline in referrals from acute care emergency rooms and from schools which mostly remain closed and from travel restrictions on potential patients. Behavioral patient days returned to close to pre-COVID levels by mid-June prior to the late June second COVID wave.  As we noted in the first quarter, our paramount concern throughout the COVID crisis has been taking all the necessary steps to keep our patients and employees as safe as possible. We did however, also recognize the severe financial stresses created by the COVID crisis and we undertook a series of steps to mitigate the dramatic revenue declines and to protect our capital structure including one, cost reduction initiatives across all of our expense categories. Our approach in this regard, especially as it relates to labor expenses has been a balanced one, reflecting our expectation that the dramatic declines in volumes would in many instances be temporary in nature, and also recognizing the severe strain that the crisis has created on our employee caregivers.  Two, a reduction in planned capital spending. This effort was somewhat transparent in the second quarter as most of our existing and committed projects continued on schedule, but we expect the pace of spending to slow in the second half of the year, as newer projects are repriced and possibly postponed. And three, a suspension of share repurchase and quarterly dividend program.  As a result of these actions, as well as the funds received during the second quarter in connection with the governmental stimulus programs, and Medicare accelerated payment, the company has close to $1.4 billion of aggregate available borrowing capacity as of June 30 2020, along with almost $600 million of short-term cash investments on the balance sheet. While we are encouraged by the improving volume trends in the quarter. We acknowledge the potential material COVID-19, potential impact COVID-19 could have on our future operations and financial results. And since the nature of these future COVID developments are largely beyond our ability to control we have continued to withhold any further earnings guidance for the balance of 2020. Alan and I will be pleased to answer your questions at this time. Natalya whenever you're ready.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Andrew Mok with Barclays.
Andrew Mok: First, can you put some numbers around the acute and behavioral volume trends exiting June and how they've performed so far in July against the backdrop of rising cases?
Alan Miller: So Andrew, I think that in terms of patient days as an example, I would say in mid-June, both our acute and behavioral patient days, were averaging something like 95% of pre-COVID level. I think there were some days where we were even higher than that. Same thing with elective and elective surgical and other procedures have climbed back for those levels. ER visits, as I noted in my remarks, we're still probably 25% short of pre-COVID levels. But then, as we saw the second wave hit in the last maybe 10 days of June and into July. So both of those metrics took a step back, I would say that for instance elective procedures were now running in the July timeframe, maybe 85% to 90% of pre-COVID level, behavioral patient days, we're running, let's say 90% to 95% of pre-COVID level. So a bit of a step back from where we were, but not that dramatic decline that we saw in the March, April timeframe.
Andrew Mok: And then just wanted to follow up on the behavioral segment, you mentioned that your behavioral patient days rebounded in mid-June to near pre-COVID level. Even though ER volumes were still down meaningfully and schools were closed. What does that say about underlying demand for behavioral in this environment? And what are your expectations for volumes once all the referral sources are open and that full strength?
Alan Miller: Sure, I think it says a few things. I mean, one is that our facilities and our operators took steps during the crisis to reach out to our potential patient population, who might have had concerns or anxiety about going to hospital ERs. And try to deliver the message to that population that there were other ways that they could enter the system and get care, get the assessments that they need and the ultimate care that they need. And I think that as the quarter went on, those efforts were more and more successful. But also, I think, as your questions sort of alluded to, I think, it suggests and I tried to say this in my prepared remarks that despite the headwinds that existed, fewer referrals in the ERs, schools being closed for the most part across the country, travel restrictions that behavioral demand really was restored to something close to pre-COVID levels. And I think it suggests that we had that underlying behavioral demand is quite strong. And I think our belief is that we'll continue to face some of these same headwinds including incidents of COVID to COVID virus amongst both our employee population and our patient population, but that their fundamental demand for behavioral services across the board and all sorts of diagnoses and illnesses, seems to be growing. And that seems to be consistent with what one might expect. It's an incredibly stressful environment for all of us. And so if you are someone who is predisposed to having a chronic behavioral illness, you can only imagine how difficult this environment is and the fact that a lot of those patients are being stressed now and need some extra care is not surprising, at least in my mind.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Eugene Kim: This is Eugene now for Justin. Just a quick follow up on Andrew's question earlier. What is July declining volume? Are these declines driven by a few states testing level of COVID or just more broad based and in your facilities?
Alan Miller: Sure, well, the reality is that in our kids division, almost all of our facilities, the vast majority are located in hotspots in Florida and in Texas and in Las Vegas and in Riverside County, California and South Texas. All those areas have been hotspots. And so we've experienced this, the trends that I noted, really across the acute division. Our behavioral division is more geographically disparate, but obviously, the fact that there's been a resurgence in COVID cases across the south and the west means that we certainly have a large number of facilities that have been affected in the states that I mentioned also in Arizona, and in a number of other places as well. So it's been pretty broad based this second wave, although certainly not in every single facility.
Eugene Kim: And I want to quickly ask about margin lost revenue for the quarter. It appears definite margins have improved quarter-over-quarter but still remain pretty high and north of 50%. Can you give us a little more color and how we should think about going forward? If there's room for to first move in the back half, if the volume doesn't fully recover?
Alan Miller: So the margins in the first quarter and I think we discussed this at some length on the call were really dramatically impacted in a negative way I think for two reasons, one is we saw the rise in COVID cases in mid March, but saw this dramatic commensurate decline in non-COVID business. The cessation of elective surgeries, the decline in ER visits, the decline in behavioral patient day, et cetera.  I think the other issue in Q1 was because it happened so suddenly and happened so late in the quarter, there was very little cost adjustments and cost reductions that took place in Q1.  In Q2, I think margin certainly looks sequentially better, as you know, for a variety of reasons, excluding the government stimulus funds, obviously, but, volumes rebounded during the quarter elective surgeries came back and the acute side, we made a significant amount of adjustments to our cost structure. But I think, we said this at the end of the first quarter, the nature of the hospital business is such that because so much of our costs are fixed and semi fixed in nature, it's almost impossible for us to reduce costs at the same rate that revenues are being reduced, particularly in this sort of environment where revenues have been reduced by a fairly dramatic amount. So as long as that's the case, we're going to face that margin headwind. Obviously, if volumes are restored, to sort of pre-COVID levels, we would have every expectation that we should be able to get back to a margin profile that also looks like the pre-COVID margin.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Pito Chickering : Can you talk a little more about expense management? Walk us through the main actions you've taken in acute during 2Q talk about premium labor will use paid for in 1Q versus 2Q and as you roll into the back half of the year. Are there any areas for additional cost savings on acute and/or behavioral? And at the same time, can you talk about any stress points that could actually lead to increased expenses for both in the back half of the year?
Steve Filton: Pretty broad question, so I'll try and cover all the points. But I think when the COVID crisis first began, and we saw this dramatic reduction in revenue, we tried to take a broad look across all of our expense categories, and reduced expenses wherever that was possible. Obviously, you're looking to reduce expenses first. And those places where expenses are more naturally variable supply expenses being obvious. Labor being kind of the next obvious one, and it was a little bit difficult because, what we saw was a very uneven pattern of demand. So in other words, our emergency room volume was down, but it was high with COVID patients and suspected COVID patients. Our ICU volumes tended to be down. But the activity and a lot of the elective and procedural areas were down significantly. So we tried to make labor adjustments where that was most appropriate. But also, as I noted in my prepared remarks, I think we did start with the notion that in relatively short order, that demand would be restored and we wanted people to be able to come back to work, has that occurred, et cetera. So I think we were fairly cautious and how we reduce labor hours, et cetera. As your question alludes, one of the early things that we did was try and reduce the amount of premium labor and that includes things like overtime, the use of temporary nurses, the use of traveling nurses, and those we're significantly reduced in the second quarter and I think contributes to a lot of the labor reduction in the quarter. As we looked at the back half of the year, the biggest challenge, I think, is in predicting, and in planning for what the level of volumes will be. And again, these COVID surges and the ebbs and flows make it a little bit more difficult than predicting and preparing for a sort of a normal hospital season, which in and of itself tends to fluctuate some. So that's a challenge, but we'll continue to deal with that. I think our operators are doing a really remarkable job in the face of these challenges. And then finally, when you ask about potential stress points, I really think it's in the labor force. I don't think, it's possible to overstate how difficult this environment is for folks working on the front lines in hospitals, clinicians, support staff, et cetera. It's an incredibly stressful environment, they're being asked to do a great many things. They're responding in my mind magnificently. But the longer this goes on, the more challenges that creates, in terms of their ability to continue to work in that stressful environment, employees have been exposed to the virus, they need time to recuperate and quarantine and all those things. So that probably is the single biggest stress point that we worry about, in terms of the continuation of the virus. 
Pito Chickering: Because my last question was pretty broad, my follow up will be a lot more targeted. Behavioral demand has been pretty robust relative due to COVID. Can you give us any breakout of geographical differences you seen across your portfolio? Or maybe more importantly, what specialties are you seeing elevated demand and where are you seeing lower demand?
Alan Miller: We talk I think a little bit about this in Q1, I think our residential business was less impacted by the COVID crisis, that's why I think in large part our length of stay appears to be longer. Our residential business carries a much longer length of stay. The acute business the acute behavioral business, which tends to rely more on emergency room referrals, et cetera has been more impacted. The addiction treatment business, particularly the legacy foundation, addiction treatment business which involved and depended on a lot of travel for treatment, and as you might imagine, that sort of aspect of their business was diminished significantly. So, that came under some pressure.  But generally, as I sort of, I think answered in my last question or in my last response, we're seeing demand for behavioral services across all diagnoses to the fairly robust and I think it's because as I said before, I think if you are predisposed to having a chronic behavioral illness, whatever it might be schizophrenia, severe depression, addiction illness, and you're under the kind of stress that most people are under in this environment, the likelihood that you're going to suffer some sort of traumatic episode or require incremental care, et cetera, I think is much greater. And I think we're seeing a lot of it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from the line of Kevin Fishbeck with Bank of America. 
Kevin Fishbeck: So I guess, obviously the rates were quite strong, because we have that higher equity volume staying in and the lower equity volume was delayed, I mean, how should we think about modeling that? I guess the pent up demand in theory is probably going to be lower acuity, so that would mean that when volumes come back rate should be lower. Is there any way to think about what impact that should have on margins when we have this pent up demand? Is it more about that? Or is it more about revenue growth which going to determine the margin expectation?
Steve Filton: So you didn’t specifically say Kevin, but I assume this is mostly an acute care question because things are pricing on the behavioral side, what I'd consider to be pretty normal or historically normative. Yeah, so, as your question sort of I think presumes, the revenue per adjusted admission on the acute side of the business was historically strong in the quarter. It's a reflection again, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the high acuity of our patients, which I think is a combination of a couple of things. One is the COVID patients themselves that we are seeking seeing are quite sick many of them. Particularly, as everybody reads, the elderly and those with chronic underlying conditions tend to have a longer length of stay, they tend to have a lot of complications. And I think that's being reflected in the revenue numbers and the pricing numbers that you're seeing. I think the other issue as we've talked about in my commentary about ER visits, the less acutely ill patients are tend to be sort of staying away from the hospital in greater numbers. And therefore, they're not sort of creating that balance in pricing that has existed normally. In terms of how to model that is difficult to do. I think it's one of the reasons why we're reluctant to give any sort of precise guidance as we move forward? Because I think it very much depends on the level and the amount of COVID patients we see, the kind of COVID patients we see are they going to be sort of the older cohort, more elderly that we saw in the first wave, kind of a younger cohort that we saw in the second wave? How sick are they going to be? How comfortable are people going to be to come back to hospitals and emergency rooms, for what I would describe as a little bit more normal care? All these things are difficult to predict. I would think that overtime, our Acute Care pricing will return to more normal levels as the COVID crisis even et cetera. But exactly how quickly that occurs and over what period of time. Again, difficult to predict without knowing sort of what the trajectory of the virus is going to be.
Kevin Fishbeck: And then I guess on the, on kind of that dynamic. If we have a situation where for the next few quarters kind of core volume, if you will, or 90%, 95% and COVID volumes are 5% or 10% for that period. Your occupancy overall is kind of normal. Can you get normal margins on payer mix, for patient mix like that, or does it need to be really more kind of core volumes that you will?
Alan Miller: Look, I think that we were headed in June to an experiment or however we want to think about it or a month, I think, in our own minds that we felt was going to closely resemble again, it's not the greatest term, but I call it a normal, volumes will return into something close to pre-COVID levels and I think if we had finished June, without the second wave of COVID cases, that would have been the experience, we would have would at least probably have exited the month at something close to pre-COVID levels. And I think that would have been a good test and I'm in my own sense is that we would have gotten back to something approaching that pre-COVID kind of margin profile. We didn't get a chance to really experience that because of the second wave. So it's difficult for me to say that with great or precise certainty. But my sense is if we can get most of our volumes, patient days admissions, on the acute side, elective procedures and surgeries and behavioral side patient is back to something approaching pre-COVID levels. There's no real reason why we shouldn't get close to pre-COVID margins. There's some amount of incremental expense associated with treating COVID and COVID suspected patients, but I don't think it's really what's moving the needle. What's moving the needle in terms of that margin shortfall again, is the sort of notion of COVID cases pushing out. We're squeezing out to a degree, non-COVID cases, which happened in great numbers early on in March-April timeframe, and in much smaller numbers in May-June timeframe.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brent Kasser with JPMorgan.
Brent Kasser: Maybe as a follow up to Pito’s question and you mentioned the length of stay impact and the mix of the residential business but how do you also continue to see a relaxing of managed care policies in terms of controlling length of stay? And when do you think that sort of normalizes?
Steve Filton: Yeah, I think probably the biggest impact has been the shift in business. And as I said, the residential business tends to have historically a much longer length of stay than the acute business. So, we're having the volume declines focus on the acute side of the business, I think just naturally is created that with greater the growth and length of say. But you're right, I mean, I think we see in some of our other payer categories length of stay has crept up a little bit and it's hard to say whether that is a reflective of a somewhat more acutely ill population or a relaxing on the part of managed care companies that some of their utilization review procedures in the crisis.  I think ultimately, the payers will behave the way, they always behave which is trying to manage as efficiently and effectively as they can their medical spend. So I don't think that whatever benefit that is, and I don't think it's that great. I don't think it's sustainable over a long period of time.  But again, I think what's driving the increased length of stay is probably other factors for relaxing on the part of the payer to. If you follow, because I know, everybody in the call does, their earnings, et cetera they're quite good. So they've been pretty successful at controlling their medical utilization rather than actively or just naturally in this COVID crisis.
Brent Kasser: And then, I guess at a higher level, I'd be interested in sort of your updated views of sort of telehealth as it relates to the behavioral health strategy and how COVID has sort of obviously changed the environment as it relates to ultimate and how you're thinking about utilizing that moving forward?
Steve Filton: I think from our perspective, the biggest impact on telehealth in this last few months has been to provide an alternative access point or portal into the system, particularly for patients who are anxious about entering the system in a more traditional way going through an acute care ER or a community mental health center or kids who are not in school, whatever it might have been. And what telehealth did was enable our facilities and our clinicians to access patient population in another way, and asses them if they needed assessment and direct them to the sort of care that they needed or in some cases to provide an outpatient therapy session to a patient needed outpatient therapy. But again, was reluctant to receive that therapy in an person setting. So I don't think, telehealth really replaced in any way our core business of inpatient care. But what it did and I think what we've done very effectively in a short period of time, is creating a much more robust telehealth infrastructure that gives the potential patient population more optionality about how to enter the system, how to be assessed, how to receive outpatient treatment in a broader way than they had four or five or six months ago.
Operator: Your next question is from on the line at A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice : Just a couple quick questions if I could ask. On the 477 million that you highlighting is Medicare accelerated payments and deferred government stimulus. Is there any way to disaggregate or saying how much of each of those and the part that the stimulus grants has been deferred? When did you expect to recognize that what's the gating factor on that?
Steve Filton: So the 375, which I alluded to in the script, A.J. is the Medicare accelerated payments. Those are just what they say they are. They were meant to be pre-payments for Medicare patients. They begin to get repaid and we believe, I think as early as August and then we paid over sometime, there is some conversation in Congress about altering the payment terms et cetera. The other issue which we talked about in Q1 is that we did not receive all the Medicare accelerated payments that we had applied for and we believe have been appropriately approved for it. So it's conceivable that there is more of those to come.  The other roughly $100 million, are stimulus funds that we've received, but have not recorded into income yet, because we could not attest for the fact that we had either incremental COVID expenses for lost revenues as a result of COVID that would justify those and now we have some time to do that. In other words, if, as this crisis continues, we incur more incremental expenses or lose more revenue, we may be able to justify some more of that. It's also possible that some of that will ultimately be returned. We're being very sort of prudent about how we treat these things that are only recognizing the fund that we believe can be clearly justified in terms of the criteria that CMS has set forth.
A.J. Rice : And my other question was, and this understand if it’s all been put on hold. But last fall, you may have brought in new management in the behavioral business. And I know there was some discussion about potential initiatives looking at re-contracting, and managed care somewhat maybe using the leverage of the market strength or even the national strength, you have to try to get some advantage better advantages than you had historically there was also discussion about better use of data. Is that moving forward and how much of that is done or did it all get the most of it got put on hold because of the COVID crisis?
Alan Miller: So I think the answer is a little bit of both. Matt Peterson started with the company back in September. And I think, in that September to March timeframe created a number of initiatives, including some of what you talked about, which is sort of entering into conversations with a number of large payers about different ways of sort of approaching the business in a way that would create sort of a win-win for both the payer and also the provider.  I think, as your question sort of alludes to however, a lot of those conversations, a lot of those initiatives were put on pause and beginning into mid-March with the COVID crisis, and while I think we continue to have some conversations with our payers in that regard, the focus has primarily over the last several months been on just sort of blocking and tackling running facilities in a very, this very difficult sort of COVID environment.  So the hope, obviously, is that we will see, and using these COVID cases at some point in the next few quarters, and those conversations and initiatives can be restored. But I think they've largely been on put on hold over the last three or four months.
A.J. Rice: Maybe just another aspect of the behavioral business, and I'm sorry I get a little late on them, but did you talk about it already, don't worry about it. But you obviously got the schools closed which were a referral source for you. A lot of the acute care guys are reporting to ER volumes are down. You see some pressure in your behavioral business, but it holding maybe better than you might expect, given those other two variables. Is there any way to sort of give an assessment of is this crisis resulting in more in demand for the service on an underlying basis. And if you see those other two start to come back, you might end up coming out the other end, stronger demand environment, if you have any view on that?
Alan Miller: Yeah, I will share my view. And I'll caveat it by saying, I'm not sure that it's entirely supported by objective evidence. But, as I think about an environment where emergency room visits across the country are down 25% or 30%, and schools are closed, and travel is severely restricted. And still, I'm able to say that to the previous second wave on COVID, our behavioral volumes were back to something pretty close to pre-COVID levels. I think and I did say this to somebody earlier. I think that's a reflection of the fact that the underlying demand for behavioral services is rather robust because those are some pretty significant headwinds.  Now, some of that is a credit to our operators and our facilities who I think have worked very hard over the last three or four months to work around those headwinds, and to reach patients who were not in entering the system through acute care emergency rooms and reach adolescence who are not necessarily in schools, and they've done a good job of that. But I think, the mere fact that, volumes have climbed back to the level that they had is a reflection that they've revised, you would think would be as strong pre-COVID and post COVID. And I think there's a legitimate argument to be made and both intellectually and intuitively I believe the notion that behavioral demand has increased in this crisis is not hard to speculate, and I think we've seen that and I think we'll continue to see it grow as the COVID patients are stabilized and are dealt with.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Steve Filton: Okay. Well, we thank everybody for their time and hope that everybody stay safe and look forward to speaking with everybody next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Universal Health Services First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to hand the conference over to Mr. Stephen Filton. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Filton: Thank you. Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO; and Marc Miller, our President are also joining us on the line this morning. We welcome you to this review of the Universal Health Service’s results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2020. During this conference call, we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecasts, projections, and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $1.64 for the quarter. After adjusting for the impact of the items reflected on the supplemental schedule as included with the press release, most notably a $7.4 million or $0.08 per diluted share unrealized loss on shares of certain marketable securities held for investment, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $1.73 for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. During the first two and a half months of the quarter, volumes in our Acute Care segment were tracking modestly ahead of the prior year. In the last two weeks of March, however, the incidents of COVID-19 and suspected COVID cases increased dramatically in our facilities and correspondingly, the volume of non-COVID patients declined. Consequently, we experienced a 29% decline in admissions in that two-week period at our Acute Care hospitals. This significant decline in patient volumes at our Acute Care hospitals continued into April. The decline in admissions during the second half of March, as well as even more precipitous declines in emergency room visits, and elective/scheduled procedures resulted in a significant decline in income during the first quarter. The behavioral health segment was similarly tracking ahead of the prior year volumes until mid-March when admissions declined 25% during the last two weeks of the quarter, resulting in a significant decline in operating income during that period. The significant declines in patient volumes experienced at our behavioral health facilities have also continued into April. In addition to the volume decline, both business segments had to deal with other material operational challenges, including constraints on COVID-related testing and a lag on results, as well as a shortage on personal protective equipment. Our paramount concern when the COVID crisis first developed was taking all the necessary steps to keep our patients and employees as safe as possible. We did recognize the severe financial stresses created by the COVID crisis and by the end of March and the beginning of April, we undertook steps to mitigate the dramatic revenue declines and to protect our capital structure, including one, cost reduction initiatives across all of our expense categories, two, a significant reduction in planned CapEx spending, and three, a suspension of our share repurchase and quarterly dividend programs. Given the uncertainties and projecting when shelter in place directives will be lifted and hospital volumes will return to more normalized levels, we've withdrawn our earnings guidance for 2020. Congress has recognized the severe financial strains being placed on hospitals and has passed a number of coronavirus bills specifically providing relief to the hospital industry. UHS's hospitals have received funding grants pursuant to the CARES Act, which are subject to meeting certain qualifications, aggregating approximately $198 million to-date. In addition, we have received accelerated Medicare payments totaling $375 million now as thus far and we're hoping to receive additional Medicare accelerated payments in the near future. Before giving it back to recede of these additional funds as of March 31, 2020, we had approximately $1.2 billion in unborrowed capacity under existing loan facilities to provide insulation against the decline in operating cash flow. We'd be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from the line of Steve Altek with Barclays.
Andrew Mok: This is Andrew Mok on for Steve. Appreciate all the comments and everything you’re doing as an organization. My question, can you compare and contrast the impact that the pandemic had on your two business segments and highlight any differences in baseline expectations between those segments during the recovery phase?
Alan Miller: To me, the biggest difference is that on the acute - in the Acute Division, you have the increase in COVID, or suspected COVID patients, and effectively that increase in patients displacing a significant number of non-COVID patients coming through the emergency room and displacing a very large number of elective and scheduled procedures. So effectively, you have this very unfavorable shift - negative shift in service mix. So, you've got many more medical patients who are a little bit more expensive to treat because of all the isolation and other protective steps that we're taking to protect our patient and our employee population. And then you're losing a lot of this higher profitability, higher margin business, again, for those last couple of weeks of the month - of the month of March.  On the behavioral side, while we lost not an insignificant amount of volume in those last two weeks of March, you don't have that same negative what I would describe as service-line mix shift. In other words, the patients that we lost were not necessarily any more profitable than the patients that we retained. And that's why, I think, that the operating income results and the operating income decline in the Acute Division was more severe than it was in the behavioral division.
Andrew Mok: Great, thanks. And then just a quick numbers question. Are you able to quantify the impact from the delayed dish cuts and Medicare sequestration?
Steve Filton: Yes, I would - we estimate, Andrew, that combined, and I would also include in that the EFMAP relief, that's probably about $35 million to $40 million of additional income over the balance of 2020 from what we would have originally anticipated.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Eugene Kim: This is Eugene dialed in for Justin. I wanted to ask about how we should think about the margins on lost revenues going forward. In Q1, acute revenues and EBITDA missed our pre-COVID numbers by roughly the same dollar amount? And, obviously, with cost-cutting, that should improve going forward and wanted to get some color on how to think about that for both acute and behavioral from this point. Thank you. 
Alan Miller: So, as I indicated, Eugene, in my comments, we really - the decline in volumes and the shift in business in the last two weeks of March occurred so suddenly that we really didn't have time to implement any significant cost-cutting measures until the very end of March and the beginning of April. But since then, we've aggressively looked at our cost structure across the portfolio, across all of our expense categories and are making as - as many reductions as we think are prudent, given the significant decline in our revenue stream. But I think it's fair to acknowledge that the nature of the hospital business and the hospital business model is that given the dramatic decline in revenues, it is impossible for us to reduce cost at a level commensurate to the reduction in revenues. So, difficult to project, but I would say that if we can reduce our cost at sort of half the rate that revenues are declining, then we've probably done a pretty thorough job. We'll continue to evaluate that as time goes on. Obviously, our hope is that some of this lost business will be restored and we are in the process of measuring what the appropriate cost structure is for volumes, literally on a daily basis. But in our business, as it would be in any business, revenue decline that has occurred as dramatically and as suddenly as this one has is difficult to deal with purely on a cost-cutting basis.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Matthew Borsch with BMO Capital Markets.
Eric Glenn: This is Eric Glenn on for Matt Borsch. A quick question on - incentivize the COVID-19 impact on the behavioral side and you mentioned a modest increase in admission year-over-year in both January and February, obviously, before the falloff in mid-March. Are you able to give any indication if the magnitude of that year-over-year increase in January to February prior to the virus impact?
Steve Filton: Yes, I think it was in the lower single-digits like 3% or 4%. We were tracking 3% or 4% ahead of the prior year.
Eric Glenn: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And on the acute side? Or is that…
Steve Filton: I'm sorry, I think that was true on both sides of the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Pito Chickering: Thanks for taking my questions. Couple ones here. On the behavioral side, can you talk about the different trends that they saw at the end of March and April between residential and acute? And within acute, are there any segments like substance abuse that's had more impact than others? And have you seen any rebounds of the segments at this point?
Alan Miller: So, it's difficult to make really broad generalizations here, Pito. I think what we saw in the behavioral business was, I'll call it the downstream effects from our referral sources. So, when schools closed around the country, we definitely saw decline in our adolescent business in a number of markets. We certainly saw decline in outpatient revenues, which tend not to be quite as emergent, either outpatient treatment tends not to be quite as emergent. We've tried to replace a lot of that outpatient capacity with telemedicine capabilities and other things like that. You mentioned substance abuse and again, I think substance abuse treatment can be, or tends to be, a little bit more discretionary than some other psychiatric diagnosis. So we saw a decline in that in some of our markets. But it did vary by market. We saw - as acute hospitals, I think, around the country were overwhelmed with COVID and COVID-suspect patients, we were definitely seeing fewer behavioral referrals from acute emergency rooms as well and I think fewer behavioral patients were going to acute emergency rooms. So again, across the board, I think we've seen that but the hope is that as the incidents of COVID patients stabilizes around the country, we'll return to kind of a more normalized pattern of referrals from our various referral sources.
Pito Chickering: Great. Then on the expenses side, there are a lot of moving parts. Can you walk us through the P&L statement for each segment and help us think about what is the mix of variable versus fixed cost for S&B, other OpEx, et cetera, et cetera?
Alan Miller: You can start with supply expense, because I think that tends to be the most variable of our expenses, it's almost 100% variable, not quite. And now, I will say that obviously, there's been a lot of focus on the supply chain items for the coronavirus patients including personal protective equipment, et cetera. So, we've really tried to stock up on those sorts of items where possible. I think salary expense tends to be sort of semi-variable or semi-fixed, however you want to look at it, maybe on 50% level. And I would say the same thing about operating expenses. I think those expenses tend to be flexed on a step level. So, as volumes decline in larger chunks, we start to make more reductions in costs that are not sort of directly variable. So in other words, as patient volume goes down, we're obviously going to reduce the number of nurses at the bedside because there are fewer occupied beds. But as volumes go down, we're also going to reduce headcount and other expenses in more overhead departments like ancillary departments, and general overhead departments like dietary and housekeeping and billing and collection, et cetera. So, that's the exercise our hospitals are going through literally at this point on a daily basis, and I think are being pretty effective and pretty conscientious about doing this in a responsible way so that we're still providing the highest level of quality care for the patients that remain and that we're also prepared to provide that level of care as those volumes sort of return to more normalized levels.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank Morgan: I guess I wanted to focus in on what you're seeing today right now. And then maybe some more color around your plan to kind of restart the business, what you're thinking about the timing there and what kind of feedback are you getting from either state regulators or from physicians that operate in your hospitals? And then, finally, how much more accelerated payments do you expect to receive? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, so let me tackle the last question first. The payments that we've received so far, the sort of the outright grant payments are from the first two tranches off the CARES Act, the $100 billion dedicated to hospitals. So, first two tranches were $50 billion, and that's - the $195 million is our share of those first two tranches. So the government has identified three more tranches at $10 billion each for rural hospitals, for hotspots and for uncompensated care of COVID patients. We don't know exactly how the government is going allocate or what methodology they'll use to allocate those dollars. So, it's a little difficult for us, or it's difficult for us to project what our share of that will be. The remaining $20 billion on the original $100 billion has not really been identified in anyway by the government as to how they're going to distribute that. And then there was the fourth coronavirus bill that was passed that includes $75 billion of relief for healthcare providers and there's been no indication how those funds will be distributed. So, we really can't estimate that. As far as your first question, Frank, about sort of how the volumes and the business has trended since the end of March. I think it's fair to say, I think - before one of our peers indicated, things got a little bit worse in the first half of April before they seemed to plateau and in some cases, start to get a little better. We've seen a number of states already lift their ban on elective and scheduled procedures Texas for us, being probably the most notable state to have done so. And in some of our hospitals in Texas and some ambulatory facilities, we've actually started to see the resumption of elective and scheduled procedures. I think in most of our other states of consequence, Florida, California, Nevada, the general expectation is that the states will lift their bans sometime in the first half of May and we would expect, and we are certainly working very closely with our own employees and with our physicians, to be - to do everything we can to be ready for that resumption so that we can begin to treat those patients as quickly as the bans are lifted. And again, our hope is that that will occur in most of our geographies by early May. How quickly that's going to occur, I think is sort of beyond our control. In a lot of cases, I think it will be dependent on how patients themselves feel. We're certainly doing everything we can from a procedural perspective to make sure that patients feel like the hospital and - is a safe place to come and they can be protected. They'll be tested before they're treated and therefore, we can make sure that people are not being unnecessarily exposed to the virus, et cetera. So, the hope is that things begin to improve in late April and early May, but again, the trajectory of that and how quickly it occurs is very difficult to say, at this point.
Frank Morgan: And just on the Medicare accelerated payment request, did you say there was also some additional dollars there you were expecting to receive? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes I mean our applications for those funds would indicate that we've only received about half of them. There's been some reporting that the government has slowed down those payments, I think mostly to Part B providers, which in theory, should not be - have an impact on us. But we're waiting to see. And we've been told, at least informally, that those applications and those requests that are in the queue will be paid and all requests were filed timely, et cetera. So, our hope is that we will receive an amount similar to what we have already received, but we're waiting to see how that plays out. Yes, I think we'll take the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fishbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fishbeck: Just wanted to try and understand I guess when you think about the procedures that have been delayed or - as deferred I guess. What percent do you think will end up coming back into the system and then if you could - in both segments? And again after you say that, can you spend a little more time on the psych side? Because it’s not very clear to me, I understand elective procedure deferred - reschedule it. That makes sense on the acute side, but how does pent-up demand if at all, come back into the system if most of your volume is coming from ERs and things like that? I guess - I don't know if there's the same elective deferred process there. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes so look Kevin, the world has changed. And if you had asked me two months ago how much of our elective and scheduled procedures were sort of discretionary or deferrable. I would have told you that I think it's a relatively small percentage. And obviously, in the context of this pandemic, I would have been wrong. I think a lot of what's being deferred are things like cardiac procedures, basic cardiac procedures, stents and pacemakers, cardiac caths, surgeries like oncology surgery, neurosurgery, heavy duty orthopedics where patients are in a significant amount of pain. And I think generally, I would have described those procedures as not very deferrable. And I think our point of view is that over a period of time, and I think it's difficult to define exactly what that theory is, but I think our perspective is that most of those procedures will wind up getting done. We don't do a lot of what I would again describe as purely discretionary sorts of procedures, cosmetic procedures and ophthalmology procedures and things that certainly really are absolutely discretionary. We still do those kinds of procedures in the hospital and haven't done them for years. So, I think our point of view is that most of these procedures that have been postponed and deferred will ultimately take place. I mean that's the feedback we get from our physicians. And that's the sense we get as we ourselves analyze that on the acute side. On the behavioral side, we struggle a little bit with the same question that you posed. We don't exactly know where these patients are at the moment. We don't believe they're being treated in other forums, et cetera. And again as a consequence, we believe that ultimately behavioral volumes will return to normal. As a matter of fact, I think it's not unreasonable to speculate that we're in an extremely stressful environment for the vast majority of people and that folks who are - have a chronic mental illnesses are more likely to struggle with some of those illnesses in this environment and with these stresses than they might be in a normal period. So ultimately, I think we feel like, again, behavioral volumes will get back to normal. I'm not sure - that same sort of sense of recapture that there is in the acute side. But I think there's a sense of being able to get back to normal volumes once, I think, the majority of our referral sources start to resume some level of normal activity. We're spending a lot of time - in our behavioral business trying to understand where these patients are at the moment, where they are in the system. If there are efficient ways for us to capture them without them going through the sort of traditional referrals, but then again, I think we've made some progress. And as my earlier comments indicated in the latter half of April, I think we're seeing some glimmers of hope that behavioral volumes are now being at least in an incremental way.
Kevin Fishbeck: And just maybe last question, if you think about this pent-up demand concept - in both businesses. How do you think about the margin, I mean I guess we can model things coming back to normal pretty easily, but if there's pent-up demand, does that come in at normal margin, higher margin, lower margin because you have to hire more nurses or temp staff? How do you think about what the probability of that business looks like if there’s an above-average amount of pent-up demand coming back in the second half of the year?
Alan Miller: My sense is it would come back at sort of the traditional margin. The reality is, the staff that historically treats those patients is there and available. They've largely been the ones that have had hours reduced just because there's a lack of patients. So, maybe there is some element of, over time or some temporary labor required if we're going to run the ORs over the weekend or later hours during the day. But I think for the most part, those patients get treated under a cost structure that very much resembles the traditional cost structure they would have been treated under.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from the line of Matthew Gillmor with Baird.
Matthew Gillmor: Steve, I was hoping you could talk about the behavioral length-of-stay metric. It seemed to improve a little bit in the quarter. I was curious if you're seeing payers sort of reduce some of the utilization restrictions? And how that's been trending?
Steve Filton: Yes, I think that's a tough one to answer, Matthew. It's hard to know whether that's kind of a meaningful change in the way payers have approached the business or it's just as the rest of the world was focused on COVID patients. There was just less attention. And I think we also have always had the sort of perspective that when volumes drop some in the behavioral businesses, there's a little bit less pressure to turn patients over as quickly. So, I think you saw some of that. I saw the last couple of weeks of the quarter and even into April are so different and unusual from anything we've ever experienced; I'm reluctant to draw any conclusions from trends and statistics like length of stay.
Matthew Gillmor: Fair enough. Then Steve, could you quantify the reduction to CapEx. I think you had been talking about $800 million previously. Can you just give us the sense for how much you think you can reduce it going forward?
Steve Filton: So, I think that it’s at least a twofold sort of approach on our part, and one is obviously, as we're seeing our revenue stream and ultimately, obviously, the cash flows that will decline commensurate with that revenue reduction. We're trying to conserve our capital and make the capital investments that are sort of most necessary. Most impactful from a return perspective in the short run. And I think ultimately, we have a point of view that over the course of 2020, we'll probably wind up spending a quarter to a third less than what our original projections were. At the same time, and I think this is relevant to the bigger construction projects that we've been contemplating, and that included in our CapEx for the year and for several years, we've been experiencing several years’ worth of escalating construction costs and pricing pressures, et cetera. And certainly have a sense that one of the benefits of this downturn is that those construction providers will be under some pressure as the demand for their services lessens. So, I think we feel there's an opportunity for us to reprice, recast, redid many of our projects, et cetera, at more reasonable prices. So, we're going to certainly make the effort to do that. And if we have to delay or elongate the timeline for some of those projects, I think we're willing to do that in this period. So, I think we're focused on accomplishing both of those objectives over the course of the next several months.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Cohen with JPMorgan.
David Cohen: My question relates to the inpatient sides of both of your segments. I wonder if you can frame for us what percentage of normal census you're running at, say, currently or for the month of April, whatever comes to mind, as a percentage of sort of normal for this time of the year? Thank you.
Alan Miller: So, my prepared comment indicated, I think, that acute care admissions were down about 29% in the last two weeks of March and behavioral were down 25%. I think acute census and patient days and admission activity has sort of settled in around that number in April. I think the behavioral numbers have gotten a little bit better. But those numbers are kind of reflective of again, the declines we saw in March into early April. In both cases I think they're getting a little better in the back half of April. But they're reflective of the level of decline we've seen.
David Cohen: Okay. Thank you.
Alan Miller: We haven't heard from AJ. Steve, have you been in touch with him?
Steve Filton: Yes, I have spoken with AJ.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Whit Mayo with UBS.
Whit Mayo: Steve, I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about payer mix and how you're working on identifying Medicaid coverage and triages from a process standpoint? It might be helpful to hear what you're doing operationally. I would think that the presumptive eligibility rules may help you, but just from a registration process standpoint, could you talk a little bit about your revenue cycle?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, Whit, in the short run, again, over the last I'll call it six weeks, we haven't really seen our payer mix change a great deal. Or see in particular a significant uptick in patients without insurance. Obviously, maybe not obviously, but I think a lot of employees who are not working have been furloughed, and I think a lot of furloughed employees are retaining their health benefits in many industries, et cetera. Obviously, the expectation is that going forward, to the degree that unemployment rises significantly as I think it's expected to do, we'll see an uptick in uninsured patients. Unlike the recession from a decade ago, there is some greater cushion here. Obviously, there's Medicaid expansion in a number of our states that should sort of help insulate some of that increase in uninsured volumes. There's some talk that Congress will provide extended COBRA benefits that obviously are the state and federal exchanges, which should provide an additional outlet for some patients. And so, our admitting folks and our folks who deal with coverage issues are prepared to make sure that our patients and prospective patients use every tool available to them to get the coverage they need. This is not the first time we've gone through this drill. I would say that a recessionary sort of environment is something that we're at least accustomed to working with. And that there are models for us and procedures that we employ. A little bit different than the COVID crisis, where I think we're sort of rewriting the playbook almost from scratch in certain cases.
Whit Mayo: That's helpful. Maybe just two clarification questions. The Medicare-accelerated payments, did you give a number for what you expect to receive? And the $20 million malpractice increase in the quarter, any more color on the trends driving that would be helpful. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So, what I said previously was, we received the $375 million and have filed for and expect to receive a similar amount in the future, as long as CNS doesn't change their approach or change the rules in midstream. As far as the malpractice adjustment, it was really based on some - a relatively small number of large cases that sort of had negative outcomes over the course of the last quarter or two, and in our minds, required an adjustment to our reserve. I think it's a little too early for us to make a judgment about how that will affect our going-forward expense provisions, et cetera. So obviously right now, we feel like the $20 million adjustment gets us to where we need to be, but it's a - an area that we'll continue to monitor as we go forward.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Sarah James of Piper Sandler.
Chris Neamonitis: This is Chris Neamonitis on for Sarah. I just wanted to check in, Steve. I know you mentioned expanding capacity in the OR for when procedural volumes do come back, can you clarify or maybe quantify just how much capacity you'd be able to add to meet some of that pent-up demand?
Steve Filton: Yes. Look, I think it's fair to say that most of our hospital enlargement, and most hospitals enlarged, in general, they're not operating anywhere close to 100% capacity. And they operate from early in the morning, usually, until sometime mid-afternoon or so. So, we've certainly had the option to operate later into the day and on the weekends, et cetera. I think a lot of that is dependent, quite frankly, on surgeon capability and their capacity to operate safely, et cetera. I think we have the employees and I think we have the physical capacity to expand our capacity if there is a sort of a catch up or pipeline of demand that’s greater than our normal volumes. But a lot of that, again, I think is going to be dependent not so much on any gating mechanisms we have in the hospital, but on patient perception and patient willingness to come back to the hospital, et cetera. And it's incumbent upon us as hospital providers to make our patients feel like it's a safe place to come and they can come and be treated in a safe environment. I think we have a whole host of procedures in place to do that and we're doing everything we can to make our patients feel like they should not have any significant concerns about coming in to be treated.
Chris Neamonitis: Great, thanks. And then just a quick one. You also mentioned a decline in adolescent psych, but any chance you can maybe kind of clarify here, too, just how much of the behavioral business is dependent on referrals coming from schools? 
Steve Filton: Yes. So, that was a comment, particularly I think, about the residential business. Our residential behavioral business is probably in that 15% of our overall behavioral revenues. We certainly had adolescent patients in our general psychiatric hospitals, but I was specifically referring to the residential business before, and that's about 15% of our overall revenues.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: Maybe a couple of things. One on the protective equipment, I know you said that that was something that was a little bit more costly now, but I wonder, because it seems like that's also a gating factor on when some of these locations are willing to - or some of these public health officials are willing to allow people to reopen. How are you standing in terms of your supply of that? And do you think that the public health officials in your markets are starting to feel comfortable that there's enough of a supply of that to allow for some of these procedures to come back?
Alan Miller: Yes, A.J. So, I, again, in my prepared remarks, I had talked about two of the challenges that our hospitals have faced thus far, operational challenges have been tested in capacity and the supply of PP&E. And I think you're right. I think that in order to resume elective and scheduled procedures in a meaningful way, you have to be able to test all those patients in advance. And, obviously, get their results in a timely fashion. And obviously, also have to be assured that you have adequate personal protective equipment for those cases. And also in reserve if there is a second wave or resurgence in COVID patients, et cetera. So, I think that we have worked very hard over the last several weeks to ensure that the supply chain is adequate for the various items of personal protective equipment and that the testing capacity and testing timeliness has improved. I think in both cases, we feel like we've made progress. But I think that both of those items will continue to be - the issues as we move forward. And I agree with you. I think that to some degree, our ability not just for UHS, but our ability as an industry to resume kind of a normal schedule elective procedures will require us to continue to make progress on both of those issues.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Obviously, labor was a challenge late last year on the acute side. And obviously, you're implementing cost reduction efforts now. But I wonder if more broadly, it maybe just too early for this, but obviously the uncertain economic backdrop, what's happening with procedures. Has that in anyway sort of adjusted expectations around labor that might be something that - will help you on that side going forward? Even beyond just some short-term cost reductions that you're pursuing?
Steve Filton: I mean certainly what we've seen, again, in the last six or seven weeks, there is a dramatic reduction in our use of overtime and temporary nurses and registry personnel. And I think as long as we're both in a period of somewhat muted demand as well as a period of higher unemployment, that we will struggle less with those issues. Because I think they tend to be issues that are reflective of a much tighter labor market. So yes, that is certainly a side benefit of the revenue decline and decline in demand that we've seen.
A.J. Rice: Okay. And I know there was all this discussion before about what was happening in the Vegas market with HCA getting back into the network with UNH. And you had some expectations around what that would do. Obviously, maybe it's hard to understand whether that's playing out as you thought or not. But at least maybe up to the last two weeks of March, can you comment on what you were seeing there, whether that was progressing as you had expected?
Steve Filton: Yes so, the comments that we made on our year-end call were that our expectation was that the dynamic of HCA getting back in Sierra United Network would largely be a push for us. That is, as we would see a decline in volume as some amount of market share shifted to HCA's hospitals. But that would largely be offset by an increase in rates that we were getting from Sierra/United on those patients. I think, again, for the bulk of the first quarter, we were able to satisfy ourselves that that was the case. Obviously, in the last couple of weeks of the quarter, we saw a decline in Sierra patients as we did in all of our other patients. So, it became a little bit more difficult to do that analysis in March and certainly for the last half of March. But I think, we're of the mind that our original contemplation of the impact of this was correct and this is - at least in its initial stage is turning out to be either a wash or a very slight benefit to us.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe: I hopped on a little bit late so apologies if it was asked already. But I was hoping you could talk a little bit more, Steve or Alan, about the sort of the current backdrop. And if it changes, sort of your forward views on the business in terms of strategy or positioning whether that sort of investing more downstream, taking more risk, partnering more? Just any sort of thoughts around that and potential for structural changes in the industry?
Steve Filton: Ralph I think, I would make a couple of broad comments. I mean we - again in our prepared comments, we made the point, as I think a number of our peers have made. That up until the middle of March et cetera both businesses were operating in a pretty robust environment. They were tracking ahead of the prior year. I think they were meeting our own internal expectations. The business was good, the demand was good. And I think in our own minds, none of that has sort of fundamentally changed. I think that the COVID crisis has altered patient practice patterns if you will, in the short term, and I'm not exactly sure how to define the short-term. But ultimately, I think that demand as I've said before on the call will return. And so, I don't know that we're thinking about the business fundamentally differently because of the COVID crisis. Some of the questions that you asked about are we thinking about sort of taking more risk and partnering with others to do that, et cetera. I think we've talked on a number of occasions about the things that we're doing to do that well before the COVID - the COVID crisis. We're doing that through Medicare Advantage products in a number of our markets, we're doing that through our insurance subsidiaries. We have accountable care organizations established in virtually all of our markets. And so, I think we were employing and implementing many of those strategies and recognizing how the healthcare landscape is changing again, long before the COVID crisis. So I don't know that the COVID crisis has really altered that trajectory at all.
Alan Miller: This is Alan Miller. Our business is in good shape. Our facilities are modern, we are well located. We have a nice division between behavioral and acute. And we've just been interrupted in what was on the way to be a very strong week. We are financially strong, our reputation is excellent, and we just got interrupted. I am thankful that at this point, it seems that COVID-19 is on the way down or is down. Our business will open up and I fully expect that by some point, June, July, end of May, our business will return. As a matter of fact, all of the elective surgery that have been not completed will come to the hospitals and I expect given time, we'll pick right back up. I’m very positive about the future, whenever we start again.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. That's certainly helpful. And just my last one, sort of along those lines I guess as you consider the competitive backdrop then, in your market specifically and perhaps potential fallout even if things sort of come back. I mean, do you see or buy into the argument of share gains or M&A opportunities stemming from all this? Or do you think it's sort of - it’s bounced back from an industry perspective and within your market you don't see that competitive dynamic really changing to create opportunities for you? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Ralph, I think you know, and I think Alan articulated this and I tried to say it to some degree again in my prepared comments, I think we feel like we're well positioned, we're conservatively capitalized. And so, I think we have every expectation that we can deliver and continue to deliver high-quality care and efficient care in - even in this difficult environment. And while we hope that it rebounds quickly, to the degree that it doesn't. I think we're in a position to operate and survive in this environment better than most of our peers in our geographies in which we compete. So yes, I mean I think that anytime that there is a crisis, it also becomes an opportunity for those companies that are stronger and better positioned - and while I don't think we relish the notion that others will suffer in this environment, we're prepared to step in if they do. And if others can't provide the level of service and the level of capital investment that's required in our market, we certainly feel like we can do that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We show no further audio questions at this time.
Steve Filton: Okay, we thank everybody for their time. Hope everybody stays safe and look forward to talking with everyone next quarter.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Steve Filton, CFO. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Filton: Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. We both welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the full-year and fourth quarter ended December 31, 2019. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends, before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $9.13 for the full-year of 2019 and $2.79 for the fourth quarter. As reflected on the supplemental schedule included with last night’s earnings release, there were no significant adjustments made to our reported net income attributable to UHS during the fourth quarter of 2019. After adjusting the 12-month period ended December 31, 2019, as indicated on the supplemental schedule, adjusted net income attributable the UHS increased to $891.8 million, or $9.99 per diluted share, as compared to $894.4 million, or $9.53 per diluted share during the full-year of 2018. Included in our reported and our adjusted net income attributable to UHS during the fourth quarter of 2019 is a pre-tax unrealized gain of $16.7 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, resulting from an increase in the market share of shares of certain marketable securities held for investment and classified as available for sale. Our financial results for the year ended December 31, 2019, included a pre-tax unrealized gain a $4.1 million, or $0.04 per diluted share, recorded in connection with these marketable securities. For the year ended December 31, 2019, as reflected on the supplemental schedule, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS excluded an unfavorable after-tax impact of $14.6 million, resulting from an increase in the DOJ Reserve and related income taxes, the unfavorable impact of an after-tax $74.6 million provision for asset impairment, which reduced the carrying value of a tradename intangible asset and certain real property assets recorded in connection with Foundations Recovery Network and a favorable after-tax impact of $12.2 million, developing from our adoption of ASU 2016-09. On a same facility basis in our Acute Care Division, net revenues increased 7.9% during the fourth quarter of 2019. Excluding our health plan, same-store revenues increased 7.5% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. The increased revenues resulted primarily from a 2.1% increase in adjusted admissions and a 5.3% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same facility basis, net revenues in our Behavioral Health Division increased 4.5% during the fourth quarter of 2019. Adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year, increased 0.8%, while adjusted patient days increased 0.9% during the fourth quarter of 2019, as compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 3.9% during the fourth quarter of 2019 over comparable prior year quarter. Included in our Behavioral Health Division’s operating results during the fourth quarter of 2019 was approximately $8 million of pre-tax insurance proceeds recorded in connection with business interruption losses incurred and property damages sustained at one of our facilities located in Florida. This facility, which sustained substantial damage during the fourth quarter of 2018, in connection with Hurricane Michael, has been repaired and reopened. Our cash generated from operating activities was $1.438 billion during the full-year of 2019, as compared to $1.275 billion during 2018. We spent $634 million on capital expenditures during the full-year of 2019, as compared to $665 million during 2018. Our accounts receivable days outstanding declined to 50 days during the year ended December 31, 2019, as compared to 51 days during 2018. At December 31, 2019, our ratio of debt to total capitalization declined to 42.0%, as compared to 42.6% at December 31, 2018. During 2019, we completed and opened approximately 250 new beds in our existing acute and behavioral hospitals. We also developed four new freestanding emergency departments and acquired two more in 2019 to bring our total number of FEDs to 14. There are three more FEDs under construction, which are expected to open in 2020. We also continue to grow our behavioral health joint venture portfolio, with three new facilities already operational; seven under construction or announced, which are expected to open in 2020 and 2021; and over 40 opportunities in the pipeline. During 2020, we expect to spend approximately $775 million to $825 million on capital expenditures, which includes expenditures to capital equipment, renovation, new projects at existing hospitals, and construction of new facilities. In conjunction with our share repurchase program during the fourth quarter of 2019, we purchased approximately 1.29 million share of our stock at a cost of approximately $181 million, or $141 per share. During the 12-month ended December 31, 2019, we have repurchased approximately 5.4 million shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $706 million, or $131 per share. We believe share purchase is a prudent use of our financial capital, and we plan to continue to return value to our shareholders in 2020. Consequently, our 2020 operating results forecast assumes approximately $800 million of share repurchases. Last night’s press release included our 2020 operating results forecast for the year ended December 31, 2020. Our estimated range of adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization net of controlling interest is $1.823 billion to $1.902 billion. Our estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2020 is $10.30 to $11 per diluted share. Its adjusted EPS guidance range represents an increase of approximately 3% to 10% over the adjusted net income attributable to UHS of $9.99 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2019 as calculated on the supplemental schedule. During 2020, our net revenues are estimated to be approximately $11.96 billion to $12.12 billion, representing an increase of 5.1% to 6.5% over our 2019 net revenue. We are pleased to answer questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steve Valiquette with Barclays.
Andrew Mok: Thanks. Good morning. This is Andrew Mok on for Steve. The first question on 2020 guidance. At the midpoint, revenue guide is up almost 6% and EBITDA growth is closer to 3.5%. Can you provide some color on the underlying components embedded in the guide between the segments? Is there any meaningful change in the behavioral volume outlook for 2020 that you would highlight?
Steve Filton: Andrew, I think that the elements that underlie the 2020 guidance are not terribly different than those that are under live the 2019 guidance, as well as, quite frankly, our 2019 results. And that is in the Acute Division, I think, revenue growth in the mid to upper single-digit range and commensurate EBITDA growth and on the behavioral side, revenue growth in the sort of 3% to 4% range with EBITDA growth in sort of a 1% to 2% range. And then obviously, we make some adjustments to that based on non-recurring reimbursement items, et cetera, that we expect in 2019, 2020 rather.
Andrew Mok: Thanks. That’s helpful. On the quarter, your acute volume decelerated from the exceptionally high volumes in 3Q. Is there anything you would call out driving that volume number lower? Can you speak to the challenges in managing labor expenses, both temporary labor and position volume commitments in this type of choppy volume environment?
Steve Filton: Sure. And then we should move on to our next question. The – not only did our acute results decelerate in Q3, but we’ve really had industry-leading and what I would describe as historically extraordinary acute care volume growth for several years now. And I think, we’ve been preparing ourselves and investors as well for the notion that at some point, our volumes would moderate to sort of more historically normative levels. And I think you saw some of that in the fourth quarter of 2019. The only sort of specific market or hospital that I would point to is Henderson Hospital in Las Vegas. We’ve talked any number of times over the last few years about the explosive growth and the extraordinarily fast ramp-up at Henderson. That hospital is now operating at pretty much full capacity around the clock. So growth there has slowed. And on an overall basis, that has muted the overall growth of the Acute Care Division a little bit. Otherwise, I think, we just saw kind of a normative step down in the quarter. As far as the labor pressures, I think, again, nothing new there. We continue to see labor pressure in both of our business segments. I don’t think it’s a surprising development. And it’s not a not a new development, given the extremely robust and low unemployment rates in the country. The challenges have seemingly sort of reflected themselves differently in the two divisions in the Acute Division. It continues to press on both our salary and benefit expense and our other operating expense, where we recorded some of our contract physician labor, as we replace or fill the vacancies with temporary hours of over time or premium pay or locums, physicians, et cetera. And on the behavioral side, we – we’re challenged, because a lot of the labor vacancies resolved in an our having to cap beds or turn away patients. Again, nothing new in either of those instances, but it continues to be a challenge that our operators are very much focused on.
Andrew Mok: Great. I appreciate the color.
Steve Filton: Next question? Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch with BMO Capital Markets.
Matthew Borsch: I was hoping maybe you could just talk a little bit about the near-term outlook for the first quarter, given obviously you don’t need to tell you there’s a calendar to be a little bit of a calendar weight to utilization and the backdrop maybe it’s unimportant to the flu season is then a little bit strange and it’s plotting. And then finally, if there’s anything you can say or want to say on coronavirus? Thank you.
Steve Filton: Sure, Matt. I think 2019 was a year in which we experienced a fair amount, particularly in the acute business of quarter-to-quarter volatility. That was, I think, somewhat unexpected, in some cases, difficult to explain and different than sort of traditional seasonal patterns. Now, I think at the end of the year and for the full-year, the results of the division played out not terribly differently than our overall expectations. But I think, as we go into 2020, and even though we don’t give quarterly guidance and don’t intend to epic, our expectation would be absent any information to the contrary that the annual progression, the cadence of the quarters is sort of more traditional. Last year, we had a very solid first quarter in acute and then a much stronger second. I think this year, we’d expect a cadence that’s a bit more ratable. But hard to predict. And, quite frankly, it’s part of the reason, we don’t give quarterly guidance. As far as the coronavirus, like everybody else, I think, any commentary that I would give at this point would be purely speculative. It’s impossible to know what the impact would be specifically in the first quarter, but we’re certainly prepared. Our hospitals are prepared as best as they can be. If the coronavirus becomes more widespread, but – I think virtually impossible to predict the financial impact.
Matthew Borsch: Do you – sorry, let me just follow-up quick on that, which is I realized speculative, but in a certain scenario where there is a lot of travel disruption, disruption in general, because people are afraid of this spread versus necessarily having lots and lots of patients that are being hospitalized. Do you think that, that actually could be a retarding effect on volumes as you get a cancellation of elective procedures and so forth?
Steve Filton: I mean, again, I would repeat, Matt, that it would be speculative on my part.
Matthew Borsch: Okay.
Steve Filton: I think, the only thing we can sort of fall back on is respiratory ailments that we’ve experienced before either very busy flu seasons or SARS, or whatever it was. And I think, generally, we have found that our elective procedures have really not been impacted by a busy respiratory ailment season, et cetera. Now, again, this is extraordinary. I think, all bets are off the table…
Matthew Borsch: Sure.
Steve Filton: …but that has not been the historic experience.
Matthew Borsch: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research.
Eugene Kim: Good morning. This is Eugene on for Justin. Just as a follow-up to Andrew’s earlier question. It appears a temp staffing costs remain high in Q4, despite the moderate volume. How should we think about these costs in 2020, if volumes remain more normal? And also, can you comment on the meaningful improvement behavioral pricing in the quarter? Thank you.
Steve Filton: Sure. So I think in terms of temp staffing in the acute business, one of the reasons why I think it was more of a drag even than it has been in the fourth quarter is that, as our volumes, as I alluded to before, I’ve been so strong for such a long period of time. I think that our hospitals and our hospital operators have been making longer-term commitments for temporary staffing, both for nurses and for physicians. So not just for a day or a couple of days in advance, but sometimes for weeks and months in advance. And as a consequence of that, when the volume softened a little bit in the fourth quarter, it was a little more difficult to adjust as quickly as we’d like to those sort of lower volumes. I do believe that if the lower volumes persist into 2020, and I’m not certain that they will, but I believe that we’ll be able to respond. And you’ll see those labor expenses, which get recorded in the case of nurses mostly on our salary line, in the case of doctors and many cases on that other operating expense line, I think you’ll see us get better control over those. As far as the pricing on the behavioral business, obviously, it’s helped by the insurance proceed recovery that I mentioned in my remarks. But also I think – and I think pricing has not really been a terribly challenging element for the behavioral division, but the improvement, I think, in Q4 is reflective of a little bit better payer mix that our control over our denials from payers, et cetera. So, I think some incremental improvement on those fronts help the stronger net revenue in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fishbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fishbeck: Great, thanks. Wanted to see what you were thinking about, it looks like length of stay in the behavioral side has been kind of firming up, I guess, versus some of the pressures that we’ve seen the last few years. So wanted to get your outlet for what was driving that and how you’re thinking about that into next year? And then maybe just a follow-up on that last point about pricing being relatively solid. You are looking for next year’s growth to be below Q4, so I don’t know if there’s anything in there that you would highlight besides the insurance recovery? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think, your comments about length of stay, Kevin, are certainly accurate. Length of stay in the behavioral division has been pretty flat in 2019 after a couple of years of fairly consistent decline. We identified the reason for that decline many times as almost primarily a shift from traditional Medicaid patients to manage Medicaid patients, where the managed Medicaid payers are more aggressive in managing length of stay. I think the reason – the main reason for that stabilization in 2019 was, we just saw a slowing of that shift. We still believe there’s a chunk of patients in some states that will ultimately move from traditional Medicaid programs to managed Medicaid programs. It’s difficult for us to predict the timing. But we have an expectation that, that will occur at some point. In terms of how our 2020 behavioral guidance, particularly from a revenue per admission or from a pricing perspective relates to the fourth quarter performance, I think that we were basing our 2020 guidance more on the full-year performance of pricing. And when I talked about sort of 3% to 4% revenue growth in behavioral, it was really based on something like 1% volume and 2% the 3% pricing, which I think is more in line with what we ran for the full-year and that’s – that was the basis of our 2020 guidance.
Kevin Fishbeck: Okay. Thanks
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hi, everybody. Maybe just to go back to behavioral of the focus, obviously on just the last question, drives at home has been on stabilizing length of stay and volumes overall on the behavioral side. But I know you’ve got a new President of that division and coming in and looking at some different initiatives. Can you just sort of update us on where the focus is? It doesn’t look like any of that – any change in trend is really in your 2020 forecast at this point. But when could some of those initiatives really have an impact?
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think there’s a bunch of different sort of questions wrapped up in what you’re asking A.J. I mean, what I would say, in as brief away as possible, in terms of impact and the approach that our new Behavioral President, Matt Peterson is taking is, I think, as most people know, Matt comes from a strong managed care background, spending the last decade or so with United Optum. And I think that he, as a consequence, has a perspective that there are real opportunities for us to partner with some of our managed care payers and create arrangements that are mutually beneficial to both the payer and the provider. In other words, help the payer control their utilization, but create a structure whereby when there is utilization, we are the beneficiary of that in a primary way. So those conversations, I think, are underway. They’re not necessarily ones that can be affected immediately. But I think over time will yield kind of a more collaborative sort of relationship with payers that, that should again be mutually beneficial and a win-win for both. I think the other thing that Matt brings to the table is a rigor and a discipline around process based on his experience, both in the managed care world, as well as in the military. He’s got a lifelong career in the Air Force reserves. And in that sense, I don’t think he’s identified terribly new issues or different issues, a lot of things that we’ve talked about before, things like denial management, the process of how we intake and evaluate patients, et cetera. But I think, Matt is bringing some, again, level of rigor and discipline to those processes that we haven’t necessarily had before. And I think ultimately, that will certainly be helpful. In terms of how that translates to the guidance. I think we took the position a couple of years ago, that it was difficult for us to predict when the behavioral business would inflect or when it would turn, we have firmly believed for some time that it will. We continue to believe that. We continue to believe that the underlying demand will support an increase in our same-store admission growth at some point. But I think we’re – we’ve been committed over the last certainly year or two to the idea that we’re not going to try and get out in front and predict when that’s going to happen. When it does, we’ll alter our projections and our guidance at that time.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Maybe just one follow-up then. There’s a lot of focus on the recontract and it’s gone on in your biggest acute market in Las Vegas. You had a view that is that contract with the biggest payer opens up, then you have better pricing. It might be offset with volume. Can you maybe flesh out a little bit what – has that played out as you expected so far in the first quarter? And what have you assumed in guidance sort of there in terms of the year-to-year impact on that?
Steve Filton: So the assumption that we’ve made in guidance? Well, first of all, the way this has played out is that, we’re talking about the commercial Sierra, United contract in Las Vegas in which HCA has been out of network for over a decade, beginning and effective with January 1 of 2020. They are back in network. The nature of our contract is such that, we had an opportunity once that occurred to renegotiate our rates with Sierra, which we have done and have we’ve now signed a new contract with Sierra, which is also effective January 1 of this year. Our expectation is that, there will be obviously a decline in volume, as some of the Sierra patients that have historically come to our Las Vegas hospitals will now go to HCA hospitals. But we believe that over the course of a longer-term, that negative impact will largely be offset by increased pricing that’s effective, both January 1 and there are other scheduled increases that we already get over the next year-and-a-half or so. As far as the very early signs of it, not surprisingly, A.J., the shift of patients at the very outset of 2020 has been relatively slow, which is a good thing, obviously, from our perspective, but we certainly are not naive. And we understand that there’s a real effort on HCA to promote the change in the contract and they’re new in network status, their billboards and commercials in the market. So over time, we assume that, that shift of patients will accelerate. But, again, I think in – over an extended period of time and over the year, we assume the result will largely be a push.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Pito Chickering: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. On the acute guidance for 2020, it’s in a relatively consistent over the past couple of years. But you mentioned that there’s some headwinds in the fourth quarter due to the slowing impact from Henderson. So I guess, how much does Henderson affect 2020 revenue growth? And what are you doing to – in Vegas to expand the market to build towers, new hospitals, kind of what’s your plan for Vegas at this point?
Steve Filton: Sure. So, again, as I think I noted when I made the Henderson commentary earlier that that’s certainly not the single driver of the slowdown in volumes. It’s probably got about a 40, 50 basis point impact on the volume slowdown. But I think the remaining components out of their spread pretty evenly throughout the rest of the portfolio. The Vegas problem of facilities running at capacity is a good problem to have and one which we’ve been addressing. We’ve, I think, commented on any number of occasions in 2019 that we have had expansion projects at virtually all of our six major Las Vegas facilities, new towers, new beds, ER expansions, the surgical expansions, et cetera. We’ve got at Henderson, specifically, a whole brand-new tower that’s being developed, and that, that project is underway, but it will be sometime before that new capacity is open.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Got it. And then on the acute margins, what percent of your SMB costs come from temp labor? Maybe I missed that. And can you break that out by nurses versus physicians? And how should we beating that sort of that labor pressure in 2020 versus 2019? Thanks so much.
Steve Filton: So I’m not sure I have all that sort of precise information, Pito. I will say this. I mean, I think what we would sort of strive for, if you will, is something around 2% of our nursing hours to be premium pay. I think if you have 0% of your nursing hours that’s premium pay, you probably would argue that you’re somewhat overstaffed. But 2% is sort of probably kind of close to maximum efficiency. I think over the last several years, we’ve been running more in kind of the mid single digits, given the labor shortages, et cetera. From a physician perspective, I think, our general target is not to really have any temporary physician costs. It’s much more efficient to have permanent physicians in both contract and specialty services, et cetera. So I don’t exactly know what the numbers are. But clearly, the contract labor, both in nursing and in physicians is probably the single biggest operating challenge that the acute division has faced. And I just want to go back and add one thing on to my comments about Las Vegas and really just add on, one other major expansion that we have is, we are building a new hospital in Reno, that should open in 2021. And obviously, it will enhance our statewide presence in Nevada significantly. So I think that’s very much related to the expansions that we have in the southern part of Nevada as well.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Piper Sandler.
Sarah James: Thank you. I was hoping that you could update us on any talks on expanding your JV with Baylor Memorial Hermann? And then just more broadly, how discussions are going on behavioral JVs? Thank you.
Steve Filton: Sure, Sarah. So, as I noted in my comments, we have a number of projects that are under development. One of them is with Baylor in Temple, Texas. That’s a facility that will open or scheduled to open at least in late 2020. As far as any of the other projects that are in our pipeline, I’m not going to comment on any of those conversations, specifically. We, again, as I commented in my opening remarks, we’ve got, I think, up to eight projects under way that will open either in 2020 or 2021. Those are obviously completed negotiations, et cetera, and then another 40 in the pipeline. Obviously, I think, it reflects a very active pipeline. It reflects real interest on the part of a large number of geographically first not-for-profit acute care hospitals who are interested in these joint ventures. But we’re really not going to comment on any of those discussions until they are executed.
Sarah James: Okay. And acute supply cost came down this quarter as a percent of revenue. Can you talk about any efforts that are going on there for negotiating pricing and how you think about that trending forward? Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, I think that, that’s – so the answer, first of all, is the effort to manage our supply costs find the most effective suppliers from above the quality and pricing standpoint is ongoing. There are initiatives to all the time, there’s none that I would highlight specifically, but I can assure you, it’s a main focus of our operators. I think part of the reason for the supply costs coming down is just some of the strong revenue – revenues out, because the surgical mix is up, because denials are down, because uncompensated care is down some. And I think the supply costs, particularly in relation to our other labor costs on which I think there is greater pressure, appear to be controlled better and I think they are. So that’s I think what’s happening.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron Research.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Steve, just a question on sort of outpatient development and maybe tying into CapEx. I know you guys have been pretty active on the freestanding ED side. But any other facilities or types, whether that’s urgent care all the way to surgery centers. Any – anything else that you see more and more investment going into, as part of that $700 million issue of CapEx?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, I think it’s sort of really, Josh, the full continuum. I think we are committed to the idea as an acute care provider that successful acute care providers really need to be kind of have a presence across the full continuum. And I think, so up on the front-end, that includes, as you described, urgent care centers, which we have a few, the FEDs, which we have several, and I highlighted in my comments, primary care physician offices, which we have a great many of, et cetera. And then, I think on the back-end, obviously then, in the hospital, we’ve got extensive outpatient facilities, both in and out of the hospital. We have – We do own ASCs in our markets as well. And then on the back-end, things like home health and long-term care and rehab, et cetera. So in all of our markets, we sort of take a different approach to these things. And we are either buying or building or partnering those capacities and those services. But we could talk about any single one of our markets. And I think, we would be able to describe a narrative to you, that reflects a much greater presence along the full continuum. And some of that obviously is reflected in our CapEx as well, some of its reflected in joint venture arrangements, et cetera. But in some form or fashion, we are building that presence along that continuum in all of our markets.
Josh Raskin: Gotcha. And just quick clarification on Vegas with the HCA contract change. Did I read into it right that you’re assuming Vegas as a market in totality from a 2020 guidance perspective. Is it sound like it’s kind of a non-event in terms of the pluses and the minuses?
Josh Raskin: Well, I would say, non-event in terms of the bottom line impact. I think, cosmetically, what you would expect or what we would expect in Vegas was – is to see our admissions go down some, but our revenue per admission to go up. But I think, our EBITDA as a result of this change in the Sierra network to be relatively unchanged.
Josh Raskin: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Gillmor with Baird.
Matthew Gillmor: Hey, thanks for the question. I wanted to ask a bit more specifically on the key pricing. Steve, I think, you mentioned that the surgical mix was better this quarter and that helped? What did you see from a payer mix perspective or an acuity perspective?
Steve Filton: Yes. So one of the things I think that we have really experienced all year is sort of an inverse rule on the acute side and inverse relationship between volumes and pricing. So earlier in the year when volumes were extremely high and, in particular, ER volumes were particularly high, that generally suggest that our medical-surgical mix was a little bit more skewed to medical, that our uncompensated burden was a little bit higher because of the ER volumes, et cetera. In the fourth quarter, as volumes came down a little bit, I think, we saw the opposite of that phenomena. We saw a little better surgical to medical mix. We saw a slightly lower uncompensated care burden. And that helped to drive the extremely stronger revenue per admission or pricing in the quarter, whereas volumes were a little bit lower than they’ve been.
Matthew Gillmor: Got it. And then one follow-up on coronavirus. I know it’s really hard for you to predict any volume impact. I was curious if you’re seeing any supply issue, especially with respect to surgical masks that could impact your other operations?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, I think that and this has been broadly reported, and I don’t think it had anything specifically to do with UHS. I think that in the early phases of this process, the issues have been – it’s been a little bit difficult to get testing done on patients who are suspected to have the virus. I think, originally, the testing was only being done by the CDC. Now, there are more places, but I think testing at least so far has been a little bit cumbersome. My presumption is that, as the country gears up for this, that will become a more effective process. And then I think it has been widely reported things like gloves and masks are in short supply. We’re doing everything we can to make sure that we have an adequate supply of those things, as well as an adequate pipeline. But as you might imagine, I suspect most hospitals in the country are doing similar things. So, that’s something, I think, to be seen, but certainly we are making every effort to be as prepared as we can.
Matthew Gillmor: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with JP Morgan.
Gary Taylor: Hey, good morning, Steve. A two-part question. The first one, I apologize. I just heard the tail end of Sarah’s question. So just stop me if I’m overlapping here. But on the JV behavioral facilities that you’ve got underway, the seven projects or eight projects, do you have a total ballpark bed count that you think that adds over the next couple of years? And have you – can you just refresh us on UHS sort of typical ownership position is what, like an 80% or help us think about that?
Steve Filton: Yes. So I mean, I don’t have the precise data in front of me, Gary. But generally, all of these new hospitals are in the 100 to 120-bed range size. And then in terms of structure, I think, most of them are probably in that 80-20 range. There certainly are a couple that are a little closer to 50-50. We would not enter into or I think it would be highly unlikely that we would enter into a joint venture in which we had less than a 51% share and basically the management control of the facility. But each deal is negotiated separately, but I think the 80-20 model is probably normative.
Gary Taylor: Gotcha. And then just my one follow-up on the headwind you’re contemplating next year on the Medicaid dish, if Congress doesn’t do anything and another sort of 10 to 15 of supplemental payments. Even those supplemental payments that would all be impacting your acute EBITDA projection, I think, is there anything material at all with respect to that on the behavioral side?
Steve Filton: Yes. So the the ACA dish that Congress has deferred those cuts through May, in our guidance, we presume that Congress will not defer them after May and that’s about a $10 million headwind in 2020. I think what you’re otherwise referring to is in our broader supplemental payments that includes dish and uncompensated care and provider taxes, et cetera. And frankly, that – it does cross both divisions. We get that reimbursement in both our divisions.
Gary Taylor: Okay.
Steve Filton: We’re expecting a $10 million or $15 million decline next year. And I don’t have the specific breakout in front of me, but I think that’s actually split between the two divisions.
Gary Taylor: Okay, helpful. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with UBS.
Whit Mayo: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Steve, we’re seeing there’s a number of states that are pursuing 1115 waivers to provide behavioral treatment for adult fee-for-service patients with substance use disorders. I think probably 30 states since last fall have looked to see state plan options. Just wondering, do you have any thoughts on this? Presumably, this opens up some market for you, but who really knows. Just curious if you have any insight?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, I think it’s hard to predict. And, obviously, it’s not exactly analogous. But the IMD exclusion being lifted was something that we thought would have a more immediate impact. And when I say we really are making sort of an overall industry comment. I think that freestanding industry felt like we would see more of those adult Medicaid patients just shifting relatively quickly from the acute care setting to the freestanding setting. I think, you might expect sort of something similar from the 1115 waiver. But what we saw, I think, from the IMD exclusion is that, the acute hospitals were not necessarily all that anxious to part with those patients. And as a consequence, I think, we see those JV conversations being much more active and much more robust. But the actual shift of patients, not as quick. And so I would wait and see how these 1115 waivers really resolved, or what the result is in terms of potentially more patients.
Whit Mayo: Is there any chance that you could see this develop as a headwind? I guess, I’m trying to think, is there any negative consequence as a result of this?
Steve Filton: We haven’t seen it yet. So I think, it’s a little too early to tell.
Whit Mayo: Yes. Okay. And I haven’t looked at your 10-K yet, but maybe if you could just comment on your malpractice experience in 2019. And any comments around professional fees, any pressure building on contract management subsidies as you think about 2020? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So our malpractice experience has not really changed much over the last several years. It’s been pretty stable. As far as contract fees, I would say pretty much the same thing. Again, I think the bigger pressure for us has been on vacancies in some of our contract position services, as well as other specialties, where we’re having to either pay a vendor for some of those vacancies or we’re having to pay locums costs, et cetera. But in terms of our kind of regular contract service arrangements for things like ER doctors and hospitals, et cetera, I think those costs have remained fairly stable.
Whit Mayo: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Anton Hie: Hi there. It’s Anton Hie on for Frank. I know we had the recovery – insurance recovery there, but I’m not sure I heard an actual update on kind of how Panama City is trending back. I believe that’s been reopened. Can you just refresh us on that?
Steve Filton: Yes. So Emerald Coast, which is the name of the facility in Panama City has reopened, I believe in September and has ramped back up to, I think pretty sort of normal pre-hurricane level. So I think for 2020, the operating recovery in that facility should provide a bit of a tail wind maybe in the neighborhood of $5 million to $10 million for the behavioral division in 2020.
Anton Hie: Okay. And then the drag on the addiction treatment, can you give us an update on that?
Steve Filton: No, I don’t think there’s a real significant change. I mean, we’ve seen some incremental improvement in that standalone addiction treatment business, but remains one, where we’re trying any number of initiatives to improve the results there and making some progress, but it’s incremental.
Anton Hie: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. Just want to go back to labor quickly. Certainly understand the the temp staffing and contract labor pressures in the context of what’s been, obviously, really strong volume backdrop. What about underlying wage growth in your market, Steve? What’s that running? Is there sort of incremental competitiveness or rate pressure there for both nursing? And we are starting to hear a little bit more around sort of non-clinical staff. So any help in frame in that?
Steve Filton: Look, I think that wage inflation has certainly picked up over the last several years. And we’ve probably gone from 2.5% to 3.5% annual wage increases a few years ago, I think, a little lower in the behavioral division, a little higher in acute to probably 3.5% to 4.5% or at least 3.5% to 4% in today’s environment. But again, I still think that the biggest pressure really has come on the two businesses, not so much on the hourly wage pressure itself, but on the premium pay, in the acute division and in our inability to serve all the patients that we like to on the behavioral side.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, fair enough. And then just…
Steve Filton: Go ahead, Ralph.
Ralph Giacobbe: …yes, just one quick sort of follow-up. And I apologize if I missed this. I know you noted better acuity and I think payer mix. I was just hoping you can give us a little more of a sense of the CMI increase and maybe commercial versus Medicare versus Medicaid, just the volume trends there? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I mean, I think that the acuity really manifested itself in surgical volumes. I think, inpatient surgical volumes were up 2% or 3% in the quarter, which is probably one of the better increases we’ve had in the last several years. And I don’t have the exact uncompensated care numbers in front of me. But I know that the number of uncompensated patients as a percentage ticked down somewhat in Q4.
Ralph Giacobbe: And then payer mix?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, that to me was the uncompensated care. I mean, I think most of our other payer percentages remain similar.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Steve Filton: Okay, we thank everybody for their time and look forward to talking with everybody again in a couple of months at the end of the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, our participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to our speaker today, CFO, Steve Filton. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Steve Filton: Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO is also joining us this morning. And we welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the Third Quarter ended September 30, 2019. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends, before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, our reported net income attributable to UHS during the third quarter of 2019 was $97.2 million or $10 per diluted share. As calculated on the Supplemental Schedule our adjusted net income attributable to UHS adjusted during the third quarter of 2019 was $176.3 million or $99 per diluted share. Excluded from our adjusted net income during the Third Quarter of 2019 was an aggregate unfavorable after-tax impact of $79.1 million or $0.89 per diluted share, most of which related to a provision or has an impairment recorded in connection with our Foundation's recovering network business. On a same facility basis in our acute care division, revenues during the third quarter of 2019 increased 9.3% over last year's comparable quarter. The increased revenues resulted primarily from a 7.4% increase in adjusted admissions, and a 1.6% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same facility basis, net revenues on our behavioral health division increased 2.1% during the third quarter of 2019, as compared to the third quarter of 2018. During this year's third quarter as compared to last year's, adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 0.5%, and adjusted patient days increased 0.4%. Revenue per adjusted admission increased 2% and revenue per adjusted patient day increased 2.2%, during the third quarter of 2019 as compared to the comparable prior-year quarter. Based upon the operating trends and financial result experienced during the first nine months of 2019, we are revising our estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year end of December 31, 2019 to $9.60 to $9.90 per diluted share from the previously provided range of $9.70 to $10.40 per diluting share. This revised estimated guidance range, which excludes the unfavorable impact of the Foundation's asset impairment, the unfavorable impact of the current year increased in the department of justice reserve and related provision for income taxes and the favorable impact of the ASU 2016-2019 increases the midpoint of the previously provided range by 3%. Contributing to and included in the revised estimated earnings guidance range for the year end at December 31, 2019, is an annualized loss of $0.11 per diluted share recorded during the first nine months of 2019 resulting from a decrease in the market value of certain marketable securities held for investment and classified as available for sale. The revised estimated earnings guidance range for the whole year of 2019 assumes no change in the market value of these marketable securities during the fourth quarter of 2019. For the nine months ended September 30, 2019, our net cash provided by operating activities increased to $1.049 billion from $949 million generated during the comparable nine-month period of 2018. Our accounts receivable days outstanding decreased to 50 days during the third quarter of 2019, as compared to 54 days during the third quarter of 2018. At September 30, 2019, our ratio of debt-to-total-capitalization declined to 42.3% as compared to 42.9% at September 30, 2018. We spent $156 million on capital expenditures during the third quarter of 2019, and $480 million during the first nine months of 2019. During the first nine months of 2019, we completed and opened 183 new beds at some of our busiest acute care and behavioral health hospitals. Just this week, we broke ground on a new acute care hospital in Reno, Nevada, which will have 200 private patient rooms and is expected to open in 2022. We also broke ground on a new five-storey bed tower at our Centennial Hills Hospitals in Las Vegas, Nevada, which will add 56 patient beds and increased capacity in the neonatal intensive care unit and intermediate and medical surgical units. Our behavioral health joint venture pipeline continues to be very robust. In September, we announced the partnership with Valley Children's Healthcare in which we will build a new 128 bed behavioral health facility in Madera, California, which is expected to open in 2022. And earlier this week, we announced the partnership with HonorHealth in which we will build a 120-bed behavioral health hospital in Scottsville, Arizona, which is estimated to open in 2021. In conjuncture with our stock repurchase program during the third quarter of 2019, we have repurchased approximately 551,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $79.5 million, an average of approximately $144 per share. During the first nine months of 2019, we have repurchased approximately 4.11 million shares at an aggregate cost of $525 million, an average of approximately $128 per share. And since inception of the program in 2014 through September 30, 2019, we have repurchased approximately 14.7 to 14.8 million shares, at an aggregate cost of approximately $1.76 billion at an average of approximately $119 per share. Alan and I would be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Your line is open.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Hi, Good morning. This is Andrew Mac [ph] on for Steve. Just wanted to follow up on the strong acute volumes in the quarter, how much of visibility do you have on the elevated volumes and what steps can you take going forward to better capture earnings associated with those volumes?
SteveFilton: Sure. So obviously, our acute care volumes have been strong all year long and frankly have been strong for the last several years, I think, reflecting the underlying strength of the end markets in which we're located as well as our continued trends of increased market share. Having said that, volumes increased even more in the third quarter, you'll recall that earlier in the year, we talked about an expectation that that could likely happen as we were bringing some new capital projects on in late 2018 and early 2019, and I think we're seeing the impact of that as well but as your question suggests, that increased volume did create some challenges for us in the quarter, as we tried to satisfy that volume, we found ourselves in the position of having to use more premium pay that is temporary nurses, registry nurses, overtimes, shift at rental, etc., as well as other nonlabor costs, locum physicians, and contract services, etc., as the volumes increased. While we had some anticipation that we were going to have to deal with those issues, we acknowledge that we're operating in most of our markets with pretty tight labor conditions and even where we're anxious to fill vacancies on a permanent basis, we're not always able to do so immediately. So, that I think was the challenge in the quarter and why we were unable to bring as much of that revenue and volume growth and pull it through to the EBITDA line. But I think we have a point of view that our operators historically have responded to these sort of challenges and will in short order drive greater efficiencies as they adjust to the higher level of volumes.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Great. As a follow-up, is it fair to say that underlying wage growth remains within expectations in the low single digit percent range?
SteveFilton: I think that is fair.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck. Your line is open.
KevinFischbeck: All right, great. Thanks. I just wanted to understand the guidance just a little bit. You know, if you cut it by about $0.30 and it looks like in the quarter $0.13 cents was due to the marketable securities dynamics, so this guidance to the last guidance, you know, $0.17 cents, I guess is operational or is there anything else besides EBITDA that changed in your view between the previously and today?
SteveFilton: No, I don't think so, Kevin, I think effectively, we were, adjusting our guidance as you suggest for the miss in the third quarter and for the negative adjustment for the marketable securities that, as you might expect, we really have no way of projecting.
KevinFischbeck: We see how you've changed the guidance. You change the low end basically for the change of marketable securities, but you change the high end by a whole lot more. So can you talk a little bit about, kind of, I guess, maybe what the hope or the expectation was and what the implications for Q4, you seem, optimistic that labor costs on this, at least on the acute side could be fixed relatively quickly? Is that not going to be a Q4 dynamic?
SteveFilton: Yes. I mean, I think it's just a mechanical sort of exercise. Kevin, you know, there's one quarter left in the year and in order for us to get to the high end of that original guidance, the performance, quite frankly, of both segments would have to have improved rather markedly, I think, while we have an expectation that we can improve the underlying trends in both business segments, you know, in the next quarter, there's, you know, by definition, sort of almost a limited amount that we can do.
KevinFischbeck: Okay. And then just the last question on the psych side, I guess, we saw a slowdown in growth sequentially, you know, anything that you would point to there and, I guess, how do you feel about the pace and time in the ramping that back to what you talked about as a normalized growth rate?
SteveFilton: Sure. I mean, the revenue needle is not moving a great deal in the behavioral segment, but I understand that people are very focused on, and I think for the first three months of the year, semester revenue grew by about 3% and in the second quarter grew by about 2%. So it was a slight step down. There was really nothing terribly extraordinary in the third quarter, some minor items we had, you know, currency headwind in the UK that was probably worth about $3 million headwind, the EBITDA, we had a couple of million dollar headwind to EBITDA from the continued ramp up and reopening of our behavioral facility in Panama City, Florida that had been closed by the hurricane a year ago, and we have a continued drag from our addiction treatment business, which was probably, you know, a $3 million or $4 million negative EBITDA drag in the quarter. Other than that, you know, I wouldn't call out anything sort of extraordinary. I think we continue to be challenged in selected markets and hospitals with labor shortage issues where we're having to cap census and turn away patients, but I think over time we think that we can correct those situations and that volume and revenue growth could be restored in the behavioral segment.
KevinFischbeck: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Lake. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. Could we talk a little bit about acute care pricing, Steve? About 1.5% this quarter, and then you look closer to 2.5% and that might have been one of the headwinds to acute here on 3Q. So can you walk us through what the issues were in the quarter and kind of highlight mix both on the commercial mixing acuity while you're doing that. Thanks.
SteveFilton: Sure. So just to reframe things for everyone, we went into the year with an expectation that acute care revenues would grow in the 5% to 6% range and we presumed that that would be split pretty evenly between price and volume about 2.5% to 3% increase in both. Obviously from a volume perspective, we've been exceeding those numbers by a very significant amount all year long, and as I said before, even increasing some in the third quarter. On the pricing side, it's been a little volatile, but for the year and for the third quarter, pricing as you know, Justin, instead of in that 1.5% range, which is, you know, 100 or 125 basis points, kind of, short of our expectation. I think in the third quarter, that's probably a function of maybe three discrete trends. One is with the extremely high ER volumes. ER visits were up 6% to 7% in the quarter. We've seen an increase in uninsured, you know, we've seen our uninsured volume pick up for the quarter. We've also seen, even though, we had relatively strong surgical volumes in the quarter, I think overall surgeries are up 5% or 6% in the quarter, with overall admissions up 7.5%. It implies that we are seeing a slight skew to more medical cases rather than surgical cases. That also sort of tends to mute acuity a little bit and drive down pricing. And finally, I think we're seeing some more aggressive behavior on the part of our payers, and we saw an elevated level of denials in the quarter. So I think those three items, elevated denials, slightly higher uncompensated care, and slightly lower acuity as the three items driving that what I'll call 100 to 125 basis points shortfall in pricing for the quarter.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then if I could just follow up, you know, looking ahead, to 2020, Steve, I know your typical framework is, you know, mid to high single digit acute, and you know, you're pretty conservative coming into the yearend and rightly so on behavioral, probably in the flattest range with some share repurchases. Is that how we should think about the framework for 2020 or anything around that'd kind of move the needle we should be considering? Thanks
SteveFilton: Yes. I mean, we will not formally give our guidance until the fourth quarter earnings at the end of February, but I think you know the way that you framed, the underlying assumptions for the two business segments, kind of the way we framed it in 2019, is I don't know that we'll feel terribly differently, but we certainly would like the benefit of the ensuing four to five months to give us a better perspective on how the two businesses are trending. Again, my overall comments are, we're pleased with the acute care volumes and they're really sort of at extraordinary levels and again I think that reflects the underlying strength of our franchises. But we also expect that we'll be able to drive more efficiencies and better margins out of that level of volume and revenue growth over time. And on the behavioral side, we continue to work in a very focused way to restore the volume and revenue growth. And I will point out one encouraging trend in the quarter in behavioral is we've seen some stabilization in length of stay, which has really been kind of a troubling dynamic for us for several years. So if length of stay can stabilize and remain stabilized, I think we've got a bunch of strategies in place to drive higher volumes, but you know, when we give our guidance in four or five months, we'll be more explicit about that for 2020.
Justin Lake: All right, thanks a lot for the call.
Operator: Your next question comes from an Ann Hines [ph]. Your line is open.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Hi, good morning. Can you give a mission trends per pair class, like the uninsured, commercial, Medicare, Medicaid. And I know you had an uptick in uninsured. Are there any specific states that are more troubling than other states?
SteveFilton: I'd just sort of broadly try and give some color, you know, if the overall admissions are growing by 7.5% in revenue per adjusted admission, I think Medicare admissions are growing the fastest than Medicaid, then uninsured admissions. And I think commercial admissions, you know, continue to be positive that are probably growing inside of the low single digits maybe 3% to 4% and uninsured admissions, which have been growing maybe 5% to 6% in previous quarters or maybe, you know, 8% or 9%, just given again, I think it's really driven by that increased level of the ER activity in terms of sort of the geographic kind of dispersion of that. I think we've long sort of disclosed that our biggest uninsured markets tend to be in South Texas and in Amarillo that had been changed but I think the increase and then uncompensated volumes in the quarter is pretty widespread because again the strength in our E. R. volumes are pretty widespread in the quarter. 
UnidentifiedAnalyst: All right and one last question I'm surprised you didn't buy back more shares in the quarter given your increase authorization last quarter what goes into making I'm that type of position on a quarterly basis and general can you talk about the acquisition market going forward. 
SteveFilton: Yes. I'm we continue to pursue a great many acquisition of potential acquisition opportunities in both the accused available space as well as you know organic capital investment can I describe a few of those in my opening comments and again particularly I think on the acute side I think that the extraordinary volume growth they were experiencing is a function at least in part some of these really well placed capacity additions and are growing market so we feel good about that strategy the problem with potential acquisitions as we look at a whole lot it's always hard to tell what will pay off and what won't and what we'll see that happening I mean I think from our share repurchase perspective we talked about buying back something like $700 million or $800 million worth of shares for the year and I think we're sort of on that on pace to do that I think we respond to what we consider to be buying opportunities as they arise certainly earlier in the year I think we responded to some softness in the stock price that we thought was driven by also recalled to factors like concern over Medicare for all or some of the sort of you know regulatory concerns your legislator concerns that we thought were sort of not work very well played so you know we continue to do that and again I think if you look back and I think the metrics that I described in my opening remarks are reflective of the fact that over the last 4 or 5 years we've got a very steady buyer of all our shares and I think we'll continue to do so and accelerate that activity where it seems like you know there's an opportunity in the market for us to do so. 
UnidentifiedAnalyst: All right, thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Josh Raskin, your line is open. 
JoshRaskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I'll admit it's probably a little bit of a number of questions I'm not sure there's a great answer but just the volatility in the acute segment earnings that seems like volumes have been relatively strong the whole time your rabbit you know all your revenues but that sort of in and out to the quarters I guess I'm just curious what's creating that sort of EBITDA fluctuation I don't know if there's been big benefit design changes or slower seasonality or if there's something else in the market or is it just it's a relatively small number of hospitals and you know quarters or short periods and any thoughts on that would be helpful. 
SteveFilton: I don't think it's an unfair question Josh and if there has been certainly more volatility particularly in Q-Care business this year that I think we've been accustomed to historically in the first half of the year we talked a lot about so the best service line mix that the year started with really rather soft surgical volumes and that we found it late in the first quarter and continued into the second quarter and that sort of stealing medical procedure in the first quarter and surgical procedures in the second quarter created that level of volatility in the third quarter I just described you know what I thought were the main matrix being kind of a slightly lower than expected pricing or revenue per unit I don't really know what to say I mean it's you know volatility of sort of what it is about to the degree that that these sorts of things but her you know I think that the business will be a little bit longer than we expected. I think what we view as most encouraging particularly in the Q-care business is how strong the volumes are and sort of how relatively consistently strong baseband and I think we have a point of view that as time goes on our operators will be in a position regardless of some of the volatility in expenses and some of the volatility in pricing there's a there's a real advantage to be able to deal with those strong valium and they're real efficiencies that can be garner from that and I think over time and over more than a single quarter will be able to do that. 
JoshRaskin: Okay, that makes a lot of sense. Just within the line, you know, the foundations objects and worked out as expected did you did you give him the update on costs around the addiction treatment segment overall which is kind of more foundation specific or you think this is you know sort of industry trends the I'm working just with the industry transit just be curious to get your perspective on that segment specifically.
SteveFilton: Sure. Well, you know, we made the point when we acquired foundations back in 2015 that. This was not a new entree for us into the addiction treatment the you know for as long as we've been in the behavioral health segment we've been in the addiction treatment there's as we had very dedicated I'll call the legacy facilities dedicated addiction treatment facility we offer addiction treatment services and units in many of our general psychiatric hospitals so. We were really just increasing our investment in the addiction treatment business and really acquiring a company that had a different model than what had been sort of our legacy model so the foundations model was really premised on a few different things. One was kind of direct to consumer marketing they had a very sophisticated infrastructure in which they you know advertised and on the internet and on media and would get patients to call and contact them directly and then they would process those patients for medical necessity and appropriate treatment locations etcetera so yes with their direct to consumer marketing there was a kind of a blend of the in and out of network pricing and there was a fair amount of travel for treatment for patients and I think what has really changed in terms of all call that got through the new style foundations model is that. All of those metrics have really been challenged by the tires over the last several years so there is much last out of network is really bad almost now a current you know a largely in network model there is much last year travel for treatment and there is also I think more and more control by the tires and less and less by the consumers themselves about where treatment can be rendered so it just made in the last 3 or 4 years that underlying kind of style model more challenging I will make the point that many of our legacy addiction treatment facilities and build the units within our general psychiatric hospitals have continued to function very well and respond to what yes I think we all recognize is the growing addiction illness issue in the US and demand. so the challenge that we've had and you know what we what we are responding to is how do we address that foundations model and we are very focused on doing that and doing it quickly reducing the drag on our earnings and I think you know in short order will either revise the model will invalid the temptations facilities more inserted into our legacy model but one way or the other I think we are committed to reducing the drag on our earnings and in a very short order.
AlanMiller: Hi, there. That are for the first few years after the acquisition are we did very well in the business but then the nature of the business change as Steve pointed out how patients were contacted did contact level and we're making adjustments to the change of the business. 
JoshRaskin: Perfect, thank you both.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Fidel [ph], your line is open. 
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Hi, thanks. First question, it might be helpful just given some of the different moving pieces in each of the segments just how in the third quarter shortfall broke down relative to the internal planned between the acute care and that the April business to grab sort of like a percentage breakdown of that.
SteveFilton: Sure. So it sometimes will point out differences between our internal budget and the streaking times but on overall basis our internal planned this quarter was pretty close to the street consensus all right and so obviously we were short of planned okay that shortfall was probably predominantly in the behavioral segment maybe 2/3 of the shortfall in April one third in the queue on the acute side I think yes we were closer to our internal plan although that so the components of how you get there were a little bit different obviously our values a lot higher than we expect. Obviously our values a lot higher than we expected and as we discussed earlier you know our operating efficiencies and our pricing were a little bit lower than expected on the cable side as you know we talked about you know volumes and revenue took a slight in a lot of step back in the quarter but I think you know we're operating at a pretty high efficiency level they are so even with a slight decline in and revenue from volumes it just makes it tough to ring you know any further operating efficiencies out of the business you know obviously are run I'm you know prominent concern is the quality of care to our patients so you know we're not going to compromise that any way to put some pressure on the market.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: God, that's awful, not just as my follow-up; yes, I know there were some recent changes in taxes than the uncompensated care call but I know that there's some question takes around how that sort of translate in that can you maybe to sort of walk us through you know how that increase will flow through and then then what some of the objects are and how you think about that and in that case thank you. 
SteveFilton: Yes. So I -- you know, I've been doing this a little bit of this remember he's got but I believe you know the sort of the headline news was that Texas was increasing they are cool uncompensated care funds what the next fiscal year by about 25% but when we were sort of ran through calculations in the allocations I think our perspective was that all our you know our own kind of daycare reimburse would increase by about 8% or 9% in taxes in the coming year. 
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve [ph], your line is open. 
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. So maybe I'll just ask a couple quick ones they this things that maybe one on strategy and I guess an acute could you give us a sense for what you think the impact of the new capital projects where Steve that you'd called out on adjusted missions and maybe just the extra business day do you think that had any impact there is anyway to think through that one. 
SteveFilton: Our topic the second one first the you know I know that lots companies talk about it after we tend to ignore these Calgary impact I think not because they're not we yell or they might not. You have a short term impact but I think our point of view is that over extended period of time you know extra week day point $0.25 an extra holiday unical whatever it is you know really doesn't make a difference and doesn't enter into the way we're managing the business you know it's part it's difficult to say sometimes precisely the impact you know I know all we were adding capacity were added your capacity exactly how many of our you know incremental your patients are related to the new pastor new bad your new cath lab your new all ours but I think we definitely have a perspective and I think we talked about earlier in the year you know I think in the first and second quarter people looked at the ramp up that we had in the back half of the year you know I question a little bit of the logic of why we were expecting you know stronger growth particularly acute side in the back at the beer and I think we responded at the time that we had a number of kind of local the medium size $25 million to $35 million projects coming on things like an expanded emergency room at our manatee Florida hospital or an expanded emergency room an inpatient capacity about Texoma facility that Dallas in Texas and again I think that you know the uptake in in their missions for the quarter is reflective of some of that but in terms of being able to precisely identify sort of exactly how much of the incremental emissions in the quarter are related to the capital and it's a little hard to do.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Fair enough. And then dish payments have -- where did this come in Q3? And in total -- and how that compared to year ago their swing there?
SteveFilton: So I know you're among those most focused on the schedule that we have in the 10 Q. and 10 K. that describes our supplemental payments and so you know that could be more clear to see when we file our Q and a couple weeks. But I think that our supplemental payments increased by about $24 million in the Q3 of 2019 combination taxes, uncompensated care in California UPL that compares I think about a $19 million increase in the Q3 of last year so that net Caroline was about $5 million in this year's Q3 versus last year. 
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Perfect, thanks. And then one more maintenance than a new one question on strategies are but that the guidance system just to confirm re maintaining guidance revenue and adjusted EBITDA, there is a stand what's with that?
SteveFilton: Yes, I think the category it's always been it's been our practice to kind of mid-year we revise our EPS guidance and we just sort of assume that people will arise revenue and EBITDA guides proportionally. 
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Okay. And then finally, just the last thing here sorry for the length there but I'm just with the overall trends and behavioral and kind of the reasons you decided in the release and the for the impairment charge and obviously just dollars often the cute continuing are your thing about capital allocation and expansion kind of between the businesses is there even a star prioritizing acute expansion or do you think it's early to make that determination is more strategically. I would appreciate that view thanks a lot. 
SteveFilton: Yes. Look, I've been doing this a long time and Alan is doing a lot longer than I have and I think you know we are sometimes in use because over the years the tone of questions change you know we've gotten questions for years you know why would we ever invest meek you care business David this is billing so much better and in recent years maybe the Taliban as it has changed a little bit I think we tend to view our two business segments on a much longer term basis I think we believe that they are both very sound growth oriented business is that yes I'll eat your face you know challenges in the short term and look I think that when you think about the behavior of business and you think about all our integration or joint venture strategy it's reflective of the fact when we started this process of talking to acute care hospitals about taking over there big hero this is as we kind of assumed that many of these not for profit acute care hospitals which is sort of turn over there keep your businesses I mean there's a real businesses to watching a lease on a bad still live sell their facilities to live and I think what we've found that they remain extremely bullish about these businesses even though they haven't done a great job of managing them and they haven't been terribly efficient they acknowledge that the demand for behavioral services is doing nothing but growing and they are seeing more and more behavioral patient and they are quicker. So instead of just you know leasing bags and taking over these here that so many of these projects have turned into new joint capital projects now building new hospitals and building new bad would argue care hospital partners to build new behave real bad and I think it's just a reflection of their and our bullishness about the idea that this business is just the demand for this is going to continue to grow for the foreseeable future so we have no desire to in any way sort of reduce our exposure to this business which certainly doesn't mean that we're not going to make selective decisions to reduce our exposure to businesses model may not be working like a nation's an increase in other areas but overall we aren't remain very bullish about the paper. 
AlanMiller: Yes, let me just add. We make our investments basically for long run and. The nonprofit sector and ourselves all looking long term for population health and I think that created a great need all of their park poor ability behavior in health sector which they haven't had so we have a number of opportunities for joint ventures and Steve has a numerator if you in the in his opening remarks and I just see that continuing.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from AJ Rice, your line is open.
A.J.Rice: Hi, everybody. Just a couple things still forget that some of the areas that have been out are you talking about but only Q-care obviously the top line was strong but there was sort of this negative expense leverage that hit the earnings from the division so if I think about the reasons that you get that kind of leverage I mean obviously could be expenses are growing more rapidly just in and of themselves doesn't sound like you're pointing to that so that you may be pointing a little bit to price it makes is an issue there but then there's also this adjusting for the increase in volumes and I love it anyway to break out or give a little more colors how much would be pricing makes versus the adjusting to the volumes but I'd also be interested whether when you look at that adjusting stabbing etcetera to the volumes do you think that is just the way it goes in a while of period where the numbers are bouncing around from quarter to quarter or you look and say, "Hey, maybe we don't have the time with day that coming up our operators that we need and we need to do some investment there or maybe our operators are all flat-footed responding", I guess I'd be interested in your perspective on how you access that. Is that -- is something you just got to live with or is there thing you can do to adjust for it?
SteveFilton: Yes. I think fundamentally, A.J., the reason that the hospital business has always been one, where there's a decent amount of operating leverage as volumes and revenues increase, is because ultimately, and I think it's particularly true, I mean an acute business, a good chunk of our expenses and cost structure is fixed and semi-fixed. So when a new patient -- an incremental patient comes to the hospital, in theory, the only really valuable and incremental cost is the nurse at the bedside and whatever specific supplies and drugs that that patient consumes. And so as a consequence, in theory, there's a great deal of operating leverage that should be available as you get more and more incremental business and we've gotten a lot of incremental business in the last quarter, and frankly, over the last year.  The challenge has been, we're getting that business in a pretty well-bust economy with very low unemployment, basically full employment and I think in our markets maybe even more well-bust employment than in the national average. And as a consequence, we're feeling a lot of that valuable cost with a lot more expensive valuable cost, with overtime, with temporary nurses, registered nurse pay et cetera. And even low-income positions and all that sort of stuff. And so you're, I think mitigating a lot of what would be the traditional benefit. Over time and I don't think it's an over extended period of time, but over time, we'll solve that problem by filling vacancies more permanently by negotiating with vendors more effectively et cetera, but yes, that's the challenge. That's the short-term challenge is that what we do think, what would otherwise be the traditional operating leverage with a lot of premium pay and sort of delayed expenses. But over time, we should be able to solve that problem. And I think, our operative have demonstrated the ability to do that over one period of time. Yes, great, many times. 
A.J.Rice: Okay. And then on the [indiscernible] side, obviously it's not a huge swing from approaching 3% comparable growth, same time growth to 2%, but obviously it had a meaningful impact on the trajectory of the profits of the business. So I guess I'm wondering there. We heard about things like Medicaid disenrollment, the Medicaid numbers are down and I know they will get some decent amount from state programs, I know third quarter -- can be a while of seasonal quarter for behavioral, is this maybe just a -- more a broad swing and seasonality than normal? I guess, you've talked about for a couple quarters now in link to stay stabilized, you need to be more aggressive and getting the admissions through and that's a little bit of an offset there they're going to need you to compensate for. Any flavor on those other items and how much they may have -- I mean, is this just an unusual seasonal swing that sometimes you get or is Medicaid [ph] have any impact?
SteveFilton: So look, I think you're making a decent point. On third quarter, I think particularly in Behavioral tends to always be our softest quarter, particularly in the adolescence business when kids are not in school, we tend to get fewer referrals from adolescence business. But that's through -- every third quarter. Look the challenge you sort of described as you framed the question is, revenue growth dropped from 3% in the first 6 months to 2% in the third quarter. It's a pretty small decline. I highlighted a few items earlier in the call that I thought contributed to that decline, the currency impact in the U.K. and the foundations business and the Panama City facility. But other than that, I mean, there was nothing that, I think, we or our operatives could identify in the quarter that was really a specific negative trend in the quarter et cetera, which is why, I think, we have a point of view that we'll rebound more in the next few quarters to the levels we had been running. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Sarah James.
SarahJames: You mentioned that there was some increase denials from payers on the acute side. Can you provide more color on that? Was there a pattern for the type of service that was being denied and is that just a few payers or is that more of a widespread trend?
SteveFilton: So I would say and again, this is necessarily not the first time that we mentioned the fact that our payers on frankly, both sides of the business have gotten more aggressive in the last several years about admission criteria and medical necessities et cetera. I would say that probably the most common area of denials on the acute side is over the issue of inpatient status, those are observations. So it's really not so much an issue of whether a patient belongs in the hospital as it is an issue of whether they should be categorized as an inpatient or an observation patient.  Obviously, as an inpatient, they would have a high reimbursement. I don't know whether the third quarter activity is really reflective on the change and behavior on the part of payers or just sort of a -- kind of a coincidental thing. I will say, Sarah, it is not specific to a specific payer or a specific geography. It is something that we're seeing relatively widespread. To be fair, it's not terribly new and we have a lot of infrastructure in place to deal with the issue of proper classification of patients. We engaged third-party expertise to create to -- lend some objectivity to the process and some weight to our -- to the degree that we're having disputes with our payers. So we continue to be focused on that. But as I was just describing a little bit of the softness and pricing to the quarter, I thought that the elevated level denials did contribute at least partially to that.
SarahJames: That's very helpful. And one more clarification need. You talked a lot about the mechanics of bringing on temporary staff on volume growth. I'm wondering if you could help size the impact it might have had to expenses in the third quarter because you also talked about it subsiding in the next couple of quarters. I'm just wondering, how impactful it was on the third quarter, specifically. 
SteveFilton: Well, I guess -- just broadly, I will point to the fact that the expectations would be that and revenues are growing by 9% or over 9% as they were in the third quarter. You would expect your expenses to be growing at a slower rate and particularly, I think, on the salary and the other operating-expense line cause that's where you have a lot of your fixed and semi-fixed cost, I think supplies tend to be much more variable. And if you look at quarterly result, those expenses are growing as fast, if not faster than revenue. And I think, again, the main reason for that or the main reason we're not able to drive more efficiencies are the dynamics I described before. I don't know that I can size it any more precisely than that. I think it's just kind of that broad impact that you'll see on the financial statements. 
Operator: Your next question comes…
Steve Filton: Let me. Yes, before that question comes in, let me tell everyone a couple of things that I've been thinking about. Number one, the whole question of the DOJ logs we've completed and we've had very few to no questions about that. Steve discussed addiction treatment and he discussed a little bit about -- in the U.K., the value of the pound et cetera. There is a -- the government reports in the U.K., a shortage of behavioral health beds and we're growing it. So that's very positive and in addition at some point, Brexit will be resolved, I'm sure and that will stabilize the currency. And the other thing is that, we have about $1 billion available for stock we purchased and if I suspect we have a buying opportunity, we'll certainly employ that. So I just want to cover those things. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe. Your line is open.
RalphGiacobbe: Thanks, good morning. Steve, could you just remind us what percentage of admissions are uninsured at this point. And then just any general thoughts on what you do attribute that sort of creep or jump in the uninsured too at this point? I know A.J. asked about sort of the re-verification and redetermination on the behavioral side. Do you think there's any sort of impact on that as Medicaid roles maybe are under some pressure as it relates to sort of the acute care side of the business? Thanks. 
SteveFilton: Yes. So I mean I think I said earlier that our admission growth was 7% to 8% for the quarter. I think uninsured admission probably grew by 8% or 9%. I think it's largely driven by emergency room activity, which tends to be a little bit more skewed to the uninsured. I think most uninsured patients enter the U.S. healthcare system through acute care emergency rooms. So to the degree that our activity is increasing, I don't think we find it surprising that we're seeing more uninsured patients. The other thing is there's been a fair amount of speculation and it seems reasonable that since the elimination of the individual mandate, there are fewer people who find it necessary to have insurance, particularly exchange insurance under the ACA. So I think there is - there probably is an uptick nationally in the number of insureds who are no longer concerned about the individual mandate, and that's being reflected a little bit in our premix. 
RalphGiacobbe: Okay, that's fair enough. And then just clarify, I just -- I was hoping you can give us just the percentage of admissions that are uninsured. So what percentage of your admissions are uninsured at this point? Not necessarily the growth, just what percentage is.
SteveFilton: Yes. So I think -- we're just not connecting here, Ralph. What I said - I think probably somewhere in the 7% or 8% range of our total admissions are uninsured.
RalphGiacobbe: Okay, sorry about that. Okay, all right, fair enough.
SteveFilton: No problem.
RalphGiacobbe: And then a little bit of a -- maybe an unfair question because we're less than a month into the fourth quarter, but you did this sort of in the first quarter -- you did a [indiscernible] sort of mention any indicators on either the surgical volume, or the uninsured or just general mix at this point?
SteveFilton: Yes, I mean the comments in the first quarter I think we're a little bit different because the main issue was this sort of – the main issue that was a sort of I think drag in the first quarter was this negative medical surgical mix, and I think we were simply indicating that towards the end of the first quarter and into the second quarter the surgical mix had clearly strengthened and was continuing to strengthen into the second quarter. I would say there's nothing extraordinary in our early view of October, which is almost exclusively on a volume basis. I think the trends have largely continued to involve businesses, but I think it's way too early to make any judgements about the ultimate direction of the quarter at this point, three weeks into October.
RalphGiacobbe: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pito Chickering. Your line is open.
PitoChickering: Good morning, guys. If I can go back to A.J.'s question on behavioral, so I understand the headwinds from FX and Panama City in the addiction treatment programs. But then for FX, the other two issues already embedded in the second half growth are -- in the second half growth rates. So trend is definitely down and a move from 3% to 2% isn't a big move, neither is a move from 2% to 1%. So can you give us a little more detail on why you're confident it will bounce back? Do you have good visibility on new staffing being added so you don't need to turn patients away? Do you have new bed coming on-line? Can you just sort of give us more reasons why you're so confident?
SteveFilton: Yes. Look, and Pito, I mean it's a fair comment but I think our perspective is we had been growing the behavioral business in that sort of 3%, 3.5% range for a relatively extended period of time. So I think we're viewing the third quarter performance as more anomalous. But to your point, I mean we certainly can't guarantee that but our expectation and our confidence as we move forward is based on looking back on the last five or six quarters where more often than not we were hitting that 3%, 3.5% mark than the lower 2% mark.
PitoChickering: Okay, fair enough. On talking about payments, he talked about Texas. As you think about sort of fourth quarter and 2020, any changes in California or other states we should be aware of?
SteveFilton: Yes, I mean that will again be clearer when we file our Q and have the schedule, but I think we're expecting a slight increase in supplemental payments in Q4, not a terribly material number.
PitoChickering: Okay. And the last question; if stocks are off today, have you guys ever considered doing an accelerated share repo?
SteveFilton: Yes, I think we consider sort of all the alternatives. Again, I think one of the things that make us a bit reluctant to pursue sort of a big bang kind of a strategy like that is we do like to keep our flexibility to respond to other external opportunities as they arise. But I think we're always open to consider what we think makes the most sense. Again, I think we've done pretty well. We view it as an opportunistic purchase of a substantial number of shares over the last several years. 
PitoChickering: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Costa. Your line is open.
SteveFilton: And Operator, we're going to make this the last question.
PeterCosta: Good morning, everyone.
SteveFilton: Go ahead, Peter.
PeterCosta: Outpatient seems stronger. It's hard to tell given gross to net and also related to sort of the ongoing movement of services there, or maybe perhaps the insurer denials, or the ER volumes or the new capacity adds. But one of the things that I'm curious about is could you tell, was there any kind of an increase related to patients being over their deductibles such that you might see that accelerate into the fourth quarter?
SteveFilton: Yes. So Peter, it's a good question. The challenge for us that's difficult information for us to really kind of synthesize in a meaningful way. I think the payers are in a much better position to kind of be able to answer that question. I will say that historically I think this issue of patients sort of accelerating activity as they satisfy their deductibles tends to be more of a fourth quarter issue. But again, we tend to have to speculate about those trends because we just don't have enough of a database of information to be able to really sort of be able to evaluate that in a meaningful way.
PeterCosta: Okay. And then the second question: you outline new openings from you capital expenditure programs and also higher labor costs due to agency from the higher volumes. I'm curious if some of those new openings from your capital spending programs were operating below capacity, and so as you fill capacity there, they will come online, or is really the labor cost issue all tied to agency and then -- and just new hires?
SteveFilton: I think it's more the latter, Peter. I think just as the volumes increase, obviously we've got to have the qualified clinical personnel to treat this bolus of incremental patients, which is quite significant and it's just expensive to do so because we're paying a fair -- in overtime and registry pay again is what we call a premium because it truly is often times, a 50%, or 60% or 70% premium over base pay. To the degree that you're using that sort of pay it can eat up your margins pretty quickly.
PeterCosta: Okay, thanks. And then the last question just more for Alan. You talked about Brexit a little bit as it impacted currency, but there's been so much uncertainty over there tied to Brexit right now. Is there any kind of slowdown in volume or slowdown in referrals that you're getting or your business there, and could that accelerate if there is a Brexit decision in the short-term, and then would that get worse down the road as the – sort of the issues kind of become more clear?
SteveFilton: I'll answer the question, Peter. I mean I think the reality is that I think that demand for behavioral services in particular is really pretty insensitive to what's going on with Brexit and that seems relatively intuitive. The sort of issues that create demand for behavioral services are really going to be pretty independent of those sort of exogenous factors. I do think the way in the theory the business does get affected is if there's a change in the labor environment as a result of Brexit or if there's a change in NHS funding as a result of Brexit pressures, that's kind of a different story. But in terms -- and we don't necessarily anticipate those things happening. But in terms of demand, I think we've seen really no impact as a result of the overarching Brexit uncertainty in the country.
PeterCosta: Thank you.
Steve Filton: Okay operator, we would like to thank everyone for their time and look forward to our fourth quarter call in February.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Heidi, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Steve Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve Filton: Thank you, Heidi. Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO is also joining us this morning. We welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2019. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends, before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.66 for the quarter. As discussed in our press release and calculated on the Supplemental Schedule, adjusted net income attributable to UHS was $247.2 million or $2.76 per diluted share during the second quarter of 2019. This compares to $233.3 million or $2.47 per diluted share of adjusted net income attributable to UHS during the second quarter of last year, as calculated on the Supplemental Schedule. On a same facility basis in our acute care division, revenues during the second quarter of 2019 increased 9.0% over last year's comparable quarter. The increase resulted primarily from a 5.0% increase in adjusted admissions, and a 3.5% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same facility basis, net revenues on our behavioral health division increased 2.7% during the second quarter of 2019, as compared to the second quarter of 2018. During this year's second quarter as compared to last year's, adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 0.5%, and adjusted patient days increased 0.3%. Revenue per adjusted admission increased 2.2% and revenue per adjusted patient day increased 2.4%, during the second quarter of 2019 over the comparable prior-year quarter. For the six months ended June 30, 2019, our net cash provided by operating activities increased to $624 million from $607 million generated during the comparable six month period of 2018. Our accounts receivable days outstanding decreased slightly to 51 days during the second quarter of '19, as compared to 53 days during the second quarter of '18. At June 30, 2019, our ratio of debt-to-total-capitalization, increased to 43.5%, as compared to 42.9% at June 30, 2018. We spent $154 million on capital expenditures during the second quarter of 2019, and $324 million during the first six months of 2019. Our Board of Directors recently authorized a $1 billion increase to our stock repurchase program, in conjunction with previously approved stock repurchase programs during the second quarter of 2019, we repurchased approximately 2.7 million shares of our stock at an aggregate cost of approximately $339.2 million or approximately $125 per share. During the first six months of 2019, we repurchased approximately 3.6 million shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $445.6 million or approximately $125 per share. Since inception of this program in 2014 through June 30, 2019, we have repurchased approximately 14.2 million shares, at an aggregate cost of $1.68 billion or approximately $118 per share. As disclosed in last night's press release, we have recently reached an agreement in principle with the Department of Justice's Civil Division, and on behalf of various State Attorneys' general offices to resolve the civil aspect of the government's investigation of our behavioral health facilities for $127 million, subject to requisite approvals and preparation and execution of definitive settlement and related agreements. We have further been advised that the previously disclosed investigations being conducted by the DoJ's Criminal fraud section in connection with these matters have been closed. We are awaiting the initial draft of a potential corporate integrity agreement with the Office of Inspector General for the United States Department of Health and Human Services, which we expect will be part of the overall settlement of this matter. In connection with the agreement in principle with the DoJ's Civil Division, during the three and six month periods ended June 30, '19, we have recorded a pre-tax increase of approximately $11 million in the DoJ reserve, which includes related fees and costs due to or on behalf of third parties. The aggregate pre-tax DoJ reserve amounted to $134 million as of June 30, 2019 and $123 million as of December 31, 2018. Our financial statements, assume that the amounts included in the aggregate pre-tax DoJ reserve are fully deductible for federal and state income tax purposes. Since the agreement in principle with the DOJ's Civil Division is subject to certain required approvals and negotiation and execution of definitive settlement agreements, as well as negotiation and execution of a potential corporate integrity agreement with the OIG, we can provide no assurance that definitive agreements will ultimately be finalized. We therefore can provide no assurance that final amounts paid in settlement or otherwise or associated costs on the income tax deductibility of such payments will not differ materially from our established reserve and assumptions related to income tax deductibility. Alan and I are pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of AJ Rice with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hi, everybody. Well, you've been dealing with this investigation for quite some time, so it's great to hear that it's winding down. I wonder if you have any feeling if we look at it you compared to your largest peer domestically, your same-store revenue and EBITDA growth have been a little less than them and we've talked about some regions historically, but I wonder if you would think that getting this thing done once and for all, is it going to potentially -- and not necessarily in the next quarter, but the next few quarters help you in terms of recruiting, staffing in some of the key markets, where they have been a focus on this? Do you think it will help you with some of your referral sources?
Steve Filton: Look AJ, I'll make the sort of obvious statement that, it can't hurt. But I will say that, over the last several years, as objectively and in some cases subjectively as we could, I think we tried to determine whether the government investigation was having an impact on our business, on our referral sources, on our clinicians' behavior, and neither objectively, I think, nor anecdotally, could we really ever demonstrate that in any sort of material way. Now look, I'll also, again, say what I think is fairly obvious, I mean, we have expended substantial dollars in legal fees and other costs to defend this case. So at a minimum, I think on average, our costs associated with defending the case have been in excess of $10 million a year for the last five or six years. So we will free those costs up. We certainly have dedicated a significant amount of time and effort internally, certainly on the part of some individuals. I think we have made every effort to try not to distract our operators with the issues of this case. But again, I think -- and there is no way that -- there's just not sort of a general halo benefit, but I don't think we've ever suggested that there'd be a dramatic and measurable uplift in the business. But like I said, it certainly cannot hurt.
Alan Miller: So the criminal investigation also came to absolutely nothing. So you will have to deal with the existing management for a while.
A.J. Rice: Yes, we expected that, so thanks. The other question, obviously big bright spot in the quarter was the rebound on the acute care side, and I know you had said that you thought it was an anomaly in the first quarter, and you see somewhat of a rebound in the second, which we did. I wonder if you can comment specifically on the -- the big markets you have, Vegas, Southwest Texas, Southern California, was it sort of across the board, or was it focused, and maybe just an update on those.
Steve Filton: Sure, AJ. So I think when you have a quarter that has the sort of fundamental strength that we had this past quarter, almost by definition, it has to be fairly broad-based. And I think, in fact it was, and I think for the most part, it follows the -- at least geographic commentary that we've made, and been making for a while now. Las Vegas continues to be strong. Our Henderson facility continues to ramp up. But we're also making capacity expansion decisions in a number of our Vegas facilities, and I think those are benefiting as well. The Southern California, Riverside County market had a strong quarter. The Denison-North Dallas market had a strong quarter. Again, that was a market that I think has also benefited from some fairly substantial capital investment in the last year, and we did talk in Q1 about the fact that we expect that some of these capital investments would begin to yield both revenue and EBITDA returns in the back half of the year. And finally, I'll say something that I don't think I've said in a while, that South Texas, the McAllen market had a pretty strong second quarter and that's a market that, for the most part, has been lagging for us over the last several years. So that's, I don't know if that's the beginning of a trend, but it's certainly an encouraging sign.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matt [ph] with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Maybe I'll just continue on that line. A little bit more, if you could talk about what you're seeing sort of linked by service category patient in terms of driving the strength on acute care, if there is any more granularity you can give us on that?
Steve Filton: Sure, Matt. So look, I think the sort of the headline dynamic in Q1 was the fact that our acute care revenue per unit -- per adjusted admission, let's say, was certainly lower than our expectations, and we attributed that weakness almost entirely to an unfavorable shift from surgical to medical business and surgical to medical patients. We struggled to really come up with a definitive explanation for that dynamic, but said that by the end of the first quarter, it seemed to have sort of reversed itself and we were operating at much more normalized mix levels and in my appearances at conferences and things in Q2, I think I reiterated that that was clearly true. And I think when you look at the results in Q2, you can see that in those trends have been reversed and maybe we've recaptured if you will, some of that, I'll describe it as lost surgical business in the first quarter. I think what I would suggest to people and I suggest this, because I think we think about it this way, is I would look at the first six months of acute care results as sort of a unit, and look at those results as being kind of the more sustainable metrics of this business. 6% to 7% revenue growth. I will say that the admission strength -- that 5% admission growth, which was pretty much the same in both Q1 and Q2, I'm guessing, when we see the other company numbers, will be at the high end, and I'm not sure that those can be sustained indefinitely. But again, that 6% to 7% acute care revenue growth, maybe a little bit higher than what we had in our guidance, but generally in the ranges of what our expectations were.
Unidentified Analyst: And one more if I could; as we look ahead to this current third quarter, where you have an extra business day, but there is a mix of other things. Is there anything that we should think about, in terms of the topline volume outlook? Again just sort of sticking on the acute care side for this current quarter?
Steve Filton: Yes. Candidly Matt, I don't know that we pay a lot of attention to these calendar issues. I think we have a point of view that all that comes out in the wash [ph] over the course of the year. But broadly, I don't think we have any expectation that other than sort of the normal kind of seasonal fall off in activity that we get in the summer time, which we would expect to occur this year, just like every year. I don't know if there's anything other than that, that we would specifically call out about expectations for acute care performance in Q3.
Unidentified Analyst: Great answer. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Thanks, good morning. First question on capital deployment. I think the market is going to applaud you for all the share repurchase you did in the second quarter. Now that the investigation is pretty much behind you, can you give us an update on how investors should expect you to view kind of the capital deployment through the lens of how much of the free cash flow are you expecting to return quarterly, and then where you think the right leverage level for this business is?
Steve Filton: Sure, Justin. Look, I think that first of all, I would suggest that the sort of accelerated level of share repurchase activity in Q2 was a function of a couple of different things. I mean, I think that UHS' stock price along with many of our peers, and just healthcare in general, suffered in Q2, as a result of some of the sort of headline noise around Medicare for All and some of the other sort of legislative initiatives. I think we always felt that was largely overdone, and view that as a significant and unique buying opportunity. But I think also more broadly, we certainly had a greater sense that we were nearing the end of this DoJ process. We also I think were fairly bullish on the underlying fundamentals of the two business segments. So altogether, I think we were just fairly bullish about the prospects of the company, and I think that was reflected in the share repurchase activity. It's also reflected, I think in the $1 billion reauthorization that we announced last night. In terms of sort of committing to a specific level of share buyback or the pace of that or to sort of say what people should expect. I think we're reluctant to do that. I think we've always been an opportunistic buyer, and that opportunistic sort of dynamic depends on a number of factors, including what other opportunities we may find out in the marketplace externally through M&A or otherwise, development, what's happening in the stock market etcetera. So again, I think that we're likely to see a share repurchase pace that's above where we've been the last several years, but not prepared to make any specific commitments today
Justin Lake: Okay. And then, if I could just follow up on the behavioral side, you saw a stabilization in length of stay, but then it's a bit of an offsetting drop in volumes. Can you give us any color in terms of, you know, do you feel like there is any kind of light at the end of the tunnel on length of stay, and then what's going on with volumes. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, I think a couple of points Justin, and I've made this point before, I do think that there is some interplay between the length of stay and admission dynamics. So that when length of stay is coming down, we generally have seen admissions go up, and it's just I think, a mechanical process of patient beds being vacated sooner and increased admissions to fill those vacancies sort of faster, and I think this quarter you saw a little bit of the reverse of that dynamic as length of stay stabilized, I think you saw admission volume come down a little bit. That's sort of the first point that I'd make. Secondly, I mean, we continue to see the dynamic that we've talked about for some time, which is as more patients shift and transition from managed Medicaid or -- excuse me, from traditional Medicaid programs to managed Medicaid programs, we see their length of stay decline. That overall dynamic or that dynamic was offset overall by a bit of a shift in Q2 from adolescent business to adult business, adolescents tend to have a longer length of stay than adults. And so I think that offsets the Medicaid dynamic at least in Q2. I don't know that that's necessarily a continuing trend. Otherwise, I think generally, the trends remain stable in the behavioral space, I think we believe that a number of our facilities are poised for volume improvement, and our expectation has been for some time, that the revenue growth in this segment will increase from the sort of 3% that we've been at for the last several quarters, to something above that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. So it sounds like the acute surgical trend was up related to investments to attract new volume, not just deductible wear down and the timing of patient scheduling in 2Q versus 1Q. So I'm wondering if that makes you more bullish on the second half?
Steve Filton: Sarah, I mean I think what we said in Q1 was two things. I mean, one is, we didn't see any reason why the early weakness in the first six to eight weeks of the year of surgical volumes would likely continue. And in fact, they did not. So I think I would particularly to in-patient surgical volumes, which were relatively flat in Q1, and up like 3% in Q2 and that -- I think resulted in a significant shift in acuity and revenue per unit. And I think, again, I would suggest that sort of revenue acuity and revenue per unit that we've seen for the first six months, so ought to generally be more in line with what we see in the second half of the year. But we did also make the point, when I think a number of people asked in Q1 about the -- sort of the guidance ramp and the earnings ramp for the year, and I think we did talk about any number of, I'll call them mid-sized capital projects in the $20 million, $30 million range where we're adding capacity of some sort. It could be beds, it could be ER capacity, it could be surgical capacity. But in any number of hospitals and markets in Las Vegas, in Denison, Texas, in McAllen, and I think we started to see in Q2, some of that. So look, honestly, I think we expressed confidence in our ability to meet our guidance even after Q1, which I think some people found disappointing. But I think certainly after a strong Q2, we're feeling even more confident that our original guidance is very achievable.
Sarah James: Got it. So it sounds like this was contemplated in your full year guidance, and I'm wondering if since the nice return that you got on these investments for expanding capacity in other areas, does it change your strategy on how competitive you want to be on that front, seeing the return that you got on these investments? Could we see rationale for an uptick in investment spend as part of your growth strategy?
Steve Filton: Yes look, I think we have a point of view that, we look at capital investment opportunity, as we look at almost all capital deployment opportunities on very much of an individual basis. And so I think our point of view is that, money well spent, well targeted makes sense in a market where we can demonstrate that demand is there for a particular service or a particular investment and that's the way we look at it. I don't think we take the view that, if we have kind of a robust quarter, it's all of the sudden reason to invest more, or quite frankly the opposite, if we have a softer quarter, that is a reason to invest less. I think we have a long track record of being a pretty judicious employer of capital, and that's why I think we had the point of view, that as we invested capital in our markets in these strong franchises, that it would earn a return over a reasonable period of expectation, as we originally contemplated. And again, I think we're seeing that kick in, in Q2 and our guess is it will continue to kick in over the balance of the year, as our guidance is [indiscernible].
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I guess Steve, with a little bit more of the details around the settlement known now at this point, I'm curious if you have sort of enough information to know if there is any change in operations expected? I don't know if that's in the corporate integrity agreement, etcetera, sort of any business practices that you feel change because of this? And then do you have a view on sort of final settlement and timing of disbursement and resolution in totality?
Steve Filton: I'll answer the second part first. Josh, I mean I think we would guess that this whole process will be ramped up probably by mid-fall. But to be fair and for those who have followed us, the cadence of this process is largely in the government's control. So we've not always been as accurate as we would like in estimating these things. Obviously, we're much closer to the end, and hopefully that makes it a little bit easier to guesstimate the time frame in a more accurate way. But that would be our best guess, that we can wrap this up completely and tie a ribbon around it by mid-fall, and that would be when we make our payment. As far as changes to operations, we've made the point I think fairly consistently. We have vigorously defended ourselves for the five or six years of this investigation, feel that our processes, our compliance, infrastructure, etcetera are all fairly robust and quite conscientious and really, I don't think that with the exception of small tweaks here and there, that really changed fundamentally our own internal processes over the course of this investigation. We've not seen a draft of a compliance agreement or corporate integrity agreement from the government, so I can't really respond in any way to say, this is how our behavior could or would change in response to that. But we're not expecting the government to require significant underlying changes to our fundamental operations. I think they will ask us to sort of strengthen and validate our compliance program, which we're more than prepared to do. But no, I don't think that we anticipate any significant changes to the underlying way that we approach this business.
Josh Raskin: Got you, that's perfect. And then, last quarter you talked on the acute care side, obviously the slow start in January, getting a little better in February, better in March, April [ph]. Anything to point out, in terms of the cadence across the quarter in the second quarter? I mean it seems like with the 9% revenue number, I'm guessing broad based strength across each month. But just curious if there was any movement intra-quarter?
Steve Filton: Yes, look, I think it seemed -- and again, given the fact that I think we still struggle to explain that surgical weakness sort of out of the gate in early 2019, it's a little bit hard for us to exactly sort of describe what was going on. But it seemed like that surgical volume and surgical acuity in particular, just continue to strengthen, as the first six months went on. And to the point where I think we're now back to, after six months, feeling that we're at a much more normalized level. And again, I think if you look at our six month pricing and six month revenue growth, it seems not at all out of line with what our original expectations for the year were.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Frank Morgan: Good morning. I guess hopping over to the behavioral side of the business, you talked about volume trends. But just curious, any updates that you may have around the rate environment, particularly any kind of states that did midyear updates in their rates? And then my other question is just, an update on your health plan business and DSH payments relative to your guidance? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So the health plan, I think as we said earlier in the year, is operating at close to breakeven, that's pretty much what our expectations were, and I think we have every expectation that's the way we'll finish the year and so we're pleased with that turnaround over the last couple of years. And as that business operates at a breakeven and adds value to our markets in other ways, I think it's much closer to fulfilling our original intent for that business. I think our DSH numbers are coming in fairly close, and you'll see when we publish the Q, we give that detail. But I think they're kind of pretty close to what our expectations were. And then as far as rates go, Frank, again, when I look at sort of where we are for the six months in terms of revenue per unit, I think in the -- on the acute side, we're in sort of a 1% to 2% range, that's a little bit lower, but I think that's kind of a function of the -- sort of higher volumes, I would guess that as the year goes on, volumes will come down a little bit and rates will come up a little bit. Rates on the behavioral side in the sort of 2.5% range, I think, are pretty consistent with what our expectations are. So I don't think there's been any kind of midyear rate changes, either by government or commercial entities, that significantly change our outlook.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Please go ahead. Mr. Giacobbe, please unmute your line. Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. If I want to go to the behavioral business, I think I kind of conceptually understand the comment, that when length of stay drops, then it gives more room for admissions to increase and vice versa. So there is some interplay there, but that almost kind of implies that there is some sort of capacity constraint at the company to have -- need that, to have that trade-off, either from a bed perspective or from a staffing perspective. Why is it that we can't see both happen at the same time, do you feel like you need to add more beds or are there still some staffing shortage that's kind of acting as an offset?
Steve Filton: Yes, and I didn't mean to imply Kevin, that's sort of the only dynamic and that effectively, where we can't drive revenue any higher under our existing capacity, and I think you're correct, when you describe sort of the -- the potential capacity constraints as being both physical beds and labor, but I think in some facilities, that's the case, and I do think if you go back and you look at length of stay and admissions for an extended period of time, you will see some of the interplay that I've talked about. Having said that, there is no question that our volume growth is still a little bit lower than we'd like it to be, and that we were expecting. I guess the two places that I point to in the quarter, one sort of obvious and just mechanical, we continue to have this facility in Panama City, Florida, which was closed in the fourth quarter of last year due to a hurricane, reopen sometime during the second quarter, but significantly down both revenue and volume wise in Q2. Hopefully by Q3, that will largely start to wash itself out. The other issue which I know we mentioned, at least in the last couple of calls is that, the addiction treatment business continues to struggle, again, both from a volume and a revenue perspective and that sort of provides some unfavorable movement of the needle on volumes that has nothing to do with capacity or the issues that we discussed in your question earlier.
Kevin Fischbeck: So I guess, what is causing the addiction treatment center issues, and when do you think you can get those resolved?
Steve Filton: Yes look, I think it's a -- it's a bit of a complicated dynamic, but it's mostly payer driven. I think payers are doing a couple of things. I mean one, they are clearly moving away from the out-of-network model that many providers sort of relied on, we relied on, in part, it was not our exclusive model. But as our patients move from out-of-network to in--network, generally the reimbursement rates are coming down. And I think payers are also looking for non-inpatient alternatives to addiction treatment, and we're seeing the impact of that as well. We continue to work on that business. We've seen some sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2. But again, I mean if I would point to a particular segment of the behavioral business that is, is driving that volume weakness, this would be it.
Kevin Fischbeck: And maybe just last question, and I guess you touched on that maybe a little bit in the past two answers, but you mentioned that you don't really view the investigations being a huge overhang from a volume perspective or growth perspective. But then separately, you talked about how you do expect revenue to be growing or to accelerating in the psych business in the future. So what exactly do you think is going to be the biggest driver to that growth?
Steve Filton: Well, and again, those to me are just two discrete statements. I think we have said all along, that our confidence that the volumes in the business would grow, is that our own internal data suggests that there remains a significant amount of unmet demand and a significant amount of what we describe as, deflections. Patients who we are unable to admit at various times, because of different reasons. Again, I mean you touched on some of them, a lack of a physical bed, the lack of sufficient clinical staff, certain clinical criteria, the inability to treat a particular diagnosis, etcetera. And I think we are working and have been working over the last several years on those issues. We have clearly made progress. I mean the revenue growth in our behavioral division is much higher in 2019, than it was back in 2015 and 2016. We are the first to concede that improvements have come slower than we expected. But what has always reinforced our fundamental bullishness, is this idea that there is a significant amount of unmet demand out there, and that the demand sort of dynamic and demand equation has not really changed in any basic ways, since the business slowed three or four years ago.
Kevin Fischbeck: So when you say, Steven, then working to address these issues is, is that you're spending more on Cape or that you're hiring more nurses, what exactly is the driver to address those issues?
Steve Filton: Yes, no, I think it's a multitude of issues, and I think, all of which we've discussed over the course of the last few years, we've added more beds, we've clearly added more personnel and really focused on recruitment and retention over the last several years, and I think we have improve that situation, and we've addressed the issue of our ability to treat a broader array of patients, particularly patients with more acute or more complicated illnesses and in particular, sometimes co-morbid medical surgical illnesses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Please go ahead, sir.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. Can you hear me?
Steve Filton: I can hear you, Ralph.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, thanks. Steve, hoping you can give a little more of a sense of payer mix and/or volume trends in each of the commercial Medicaid and Medicare buckets, if there was sort of any acceleration from baseline or more pronounced move in any of those categories, specifically within the surgical comeback?
Steve Filton: No, look Ralph, I think we made the point in Q1 that the surgical weakness or -- and that unfavorable shift from that from surgical to medical was not really payer related, but seemed to be relatively broad based, and almost by definition -- or maybe not by definition, but the improvement has not been, I think, payer based. Our payer mix, I think has been fairly consistent for a number of years now. On the acute side in particular, Medicare is probably our fastest growing payer. Medicaid follows that commercial is probably growing at a slightly slower rate, but still a positive rate, and uninsured rates have been generally the same. The only other kind of payer mix issue that I'd point out, certainly not unique to us, but amongst our commercial population, we certainly see a greater portion of the patient nor of [Phonetic] the bill, the overall hospital bill due from the patient and we've tried to modify our collection processes and procedures to address that. And again, we're certainly not unique in that phenomena that I think every healthcare provider has experienced over the last several years.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, that's helpful. And then you've had some volatility within the acute care stat particularly around sort of the components of revenue with periods of outsized volume and pricing stats. I know in the past you've talked about the dynamic around observation stays, and can't help but notice, a big admission number for sort of the quarter, and year-to-date. Just want to flush out, is there any of that observation noise still at play here or anything else to call out perhaps driving the optics or the stat that kind of makes up the overall revenue? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, I don't think so. I mean I will say, certainly as we -- when we talk to our operators, this issue of observation versus admission is an ongoing issue at this point, really with our commercial payers. So again, it's an ongoing issue that we're constantly addressing. We have devoted a significant amount of both internal and external resources to the proper classification of patients, and making sure that we get paid appropriately from our payers. But I don't think, to your question, it's really influencing the optics of admission growth etcetera. I don't think we're seeing significant changes, back and forth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Pito Chickering: Good morning, guys. Following up on the share repurchase questions. I understand that doing M&A is a priority for the company. But if there are no deals, is there a minimum leverage ratio that you guys can sort of guide us to? So if there is no large deals -- so we think if you guys are running between 2.5 and 3 turns of leverage, is it just your repo or is that the right way of thinking about it?
Steve Filton: Yes, Pito look, again, we're not going to commit to a specific leverage ratio on the call today or frankly at any point. I think we like to maintain flexibility, but we acknowledge that our current leverage ratio is low, probably relatively inefficient. But it leaves us a tremendous amount of flexibility to become a more active return of capital to shareholders, which I think we tried to signal in a couple of ways that we would be, in today's or yesterday's press release, but also leaves us the flexibility to respond to other opportunities that frankly we may or may not even be contemplating today, as we move forward, and so we're going to continue to do that. But I think the obvious sort of statement is, we've certainly operated the company at higher leverage levels than we're at today, for the right sort of deals and the right sort of investments back in the mid-2000 period, which may be a long time for investors. But for many of the members of management, it's not so long ago. We bought back probably over a two or three year period, and maybe 20% of the outstanding shares of the company. We're happy to do so. It made sense at the time, and if that sort of an opportunity presents itself in the future, so be it.
Pito Chickering: Okay. I mean just sort of I guess, ask this a different way, if you guys are running at two turns of leverage with just your repo, are there any deals that you've seen in the last five years, that you guys couldn't complete by going from that leverage to higher multiples?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, look, it's one of the things about M&A it's difficult to answer, because we're not going to get into specifics of deals that we've looked at and contemplated and what their size was, etcetera. But look, your basic question, Pito, I think it's fair and our -- and maybe commentary. We have a lot of financial flexibility, given our capital structure. We acknowledge that. We like that, and we think that that flexibility, has allowed us over the last many years to respond to opportunities as they arose, and to be judicious employers or deplorers of capital, and I think we continue to view ourselves that way.
Pito Chickering: And then one last quick follow-up here. We obviously see the key trends be very volatile over the last six months. As you look at the cadence of admissions during 2Q, do you plan on making any changes to staffing going to third quarter, or you assume that things normalized in the back half of the year, from a staffing perspective?
Steve Filton: It's a great question. And honestly, it's an everyday challenge for hospital operators as their volume goes up, they have to decide whether it's kind of a [Indecipherable] increase that necessitates more permanent hires, or whether it's a more temporary sort of an increase that is better served by either over time or temporary nurses, registry nurses, etcetera. So honestly, I think we're making that judgment in each market, depending on what's happening in that market, etcetera. Look, I think it's fair to say that UHS' acute care volume strength is not something that's terribly new over the last several years, and quite frankly maybe for periods even much longer than that, our acute care volumes have generally been sort of industry-leading and ahead of our peers. So you know, again, I do think we think about our volume growth as -- that sort of above average volume growth, as sort of more of the norm for us, although again, as I mentioned earlier, I'm not sure that 5% is likely to persist. That would be an extraordinary level of volume growth to see over an extended period of time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Steven Valiquette: Thanks, good morning, Steve and Alan, and congrats on the strong results. And I guess just for us, there has been some continued ebb and flow and washed [ph] in this year, just around the push for greater transparency in hospital pricing and actually healthcare pricing overall. I guess, I'm just curious, if you have any updated thoughts around this topic from the UHS point of view. Thanks?
Steve Filton: Look, I think as Steve -- the transparency tends to focus on two things. One is transparency for the individual patient, who does not have insurance or has a significant self-paid portion of insurance that is trying to negotiate a particular rate. Honestly, I think that affects a relatively small percentage of the population and a small percentage of the procedures. Healthcare is complicated and sometimes it's not always easy to just say, look I'm having gallbladder surgery, I want to know exactly what it's going to cost, that may be a difficult exercise for an individual patient. The other dynamic, which seems to be the focus of at least some legislators, is this idea that there ought to be complete transparency at the rates paid between private insurers and private hospitals, whether that is a concept that really will get traction and also proved to be legal, etcetera. I'm not sure. But at the end of the day, I believe that the broad outlines of that sort of pricing landscape are out there, I use the sort of easy example that if we've got a payer who is our -- the number one player in the market, and it becomes public knowledge that the rates that we accept from that payer are the lowest in the market. To me that's not a surprise. It's not a surprise to us, it’s not a surprise to the payers in the market, and if a much smaller payer comes to us and says, well, now that I know that you accept much lower rates than this payer, we want you to accept the same rates from us. We are just not going to do it and no one is going to be able to force us to do that, unless the government decides that they're just going to set prices all around. And I don't think it's going to be the case. So I don't think we view transparency as something that will change our everyday business practices by a great deal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Peter Costa: Thanks and congratulations on the quarter. I had a couple of questions somewhat unrelated. The first one related to the acute care business. I appreciate your view of looking at it sort of over a six month period, but within that period, it sounds like there's a little bit of a difference in the second quarter of improvement, particularly McAllen and maybe Denison as well. And I'm wondering if you can scale those improvements for us, and then perhaps, where are we in terms of how much further there is to improve in those two markets?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean I think that's difficult to do, Peter. I think, you know what I was suggesting is that, earlier in Q1, there was a lot of focus on this idea that some people felt like the ramp for the balance of the year was aggressive or more dramatic than they imagined, etcetera, and we simply suggested that, the cumulative effect of these sort of mid-sized capital projects, was something that we thought was helping this ramp as the year went on. And that we were making the point I think, or I was making the point that, because it was not a whole hospital project like a Henderson or Temecula from several years ago, we tend not to talk about these individual projects, And therefore I cited and I saw it as a potential disconnect between our own internal model and the Street model. Look, at the end of the day, sort of our guidance is our guidance, and I think it suggests to -- not just suggests, it very explicitly said to The Street, this is what we expect our earnings power to be for the balance of the year, and our guidance remains unchanged, and I would just broadly say, we continue to have confidence in our full year guidance. Obviously, we sort of never really get into what the Texoma emergency room impact likely to have. I just don't think quite frankly that's a terribly productive conversation, when you get down to that granular level of detail.
Peter Costa: Okay, that's helpful. And second question is more on the behavioral side, you've gone through the change in management there and I'm wondering if you've seen any out migration either of clinical staff for facility level management or referral sources to Acadia since Debbie went away?
Steve Filton: No, look, I think that Debbie has talked about and we've acknowledged that a handful of personnel have moved over. I don't think that's a terribly significant surprise when somebody at that level and somebody of that tenure moves. But I think we're very comfortable with the staff that remains here. We've got a very deep and long tenured and hardworking bench that we're quite pleased with, and feel like when we fill that top slot, it will really just sort of round out our approach. As far as sort of the other issue of referral sources and payer behavior or whatever in market, I would say we've seen no impact whatsoever. And again, I wouldn't -- I'm not surprised that those markets tend to operate very independently, those clinicians think of themselves as the employees of XYZ hospital rather than sort of the broader corporate entity, and we frankly encourage that. So we've really seen none of that at the detail operating level
Peter Costa: And then just lastly from a leadership position, where are you in that process at this point and do you think we're getting closer to the end of finding somebody?
Steve Filton: Yes, when we undertook the process based on that, I mean, it has been a long time since we feel that, particularly behavioral position. But we've filled the comparable acute position a few times over the last few decades, and it has generally been an eight, nine month, 10 month process, we're starting to get towards the end of that, and I think we feel like the original estimate of time, we're about right in that. I'm not going to set an exact date, but I would think sometime within that range or close to it, we should have a very capable person sitting in that seat.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with UBS. Please go ahead.
Whit Mayo: Just wanted to follow-up on that last question. Just as it kind of relates to leadership. Is there anything strategically maybe that you're doing differently now in the behavioral business? Are we going to be talking about any new initiatives a year from now, any investments? Just wondering like what actually has changed like at the local field level in that division, and what we should expect to see in terms of changes in terms of initiatives and strategy going forward? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Look Whit, I think we've talked a number of times about the fact that we are trying to use -- I mentioned before that it has been a long time since we changed at this top position in the behavioral segment. And so I think we would like to use the opportunity to at least reevaluate a potential sort of strategic reset. And that, I think, kind of a complete overhaul of the business, so I think we have a very successful business. But as we think about new technologies and things like telemedicine, the use of telemedicine in the behavioral space, or how the behavioral slice of the business interacts with the broader population management initiatives that we see in the healthcare, I think probably, to your point, as you frame the question, a year from now, I would guess that we may be talking about those dynamics more, than we had in the past, and I think where we're hoping that the opportunity to hire a new person with some different experience, etcetera, will allow us to engage and maybe more productively in those conversations.
Whit Mayo: Okay. So we'll stay tuned there. I wanted to go back maybe for a second just on Pito's question around staffing. Now that we're at 4% unemployment wherever we are, I think most investors, at least in my conversations really struggle to see how acute care hospitals aren't seeing more pressure around staffing costs, and what are you seeing and how do you address the question and maybe if you could comment more specifically on contract labor and professional fees. Obviously, the physician staffing companies are under some level of stress at this point, so wonder if you're seeing more ask around subsidies, any comments would be helpful?
Steve Filton: Sure. Look Whit, I think broadly your comments are fair, finding a sufficient number of qualified clinical personnel in -- frankly in either business segment, whether that's nurses or doctors, is definitely challenging, and a very significant portion of our operators' efforts I think are focused on recruitment and retention, again, of qualified clinical personnel, whether that's nurses or doctors. Look, the issue again, when you talk about -- when you sort of look at 4% unemployment, how are we not more challenged. I mean, I think we are challenged, but this is always one of those things where we don't have to outperform 99% of the universe. We just have to outperform our local competitors, who are basically -- who we're competing for, for those clinical personnel. And so, we work very hard at recruitment and retention policies that allow us to do that. It's a big focus and I think our flexibility, our willingness to be creative, etcetera, helps us in that endeavor. But it's absolutely a challenge. And look, I think one of the reasons why the two businesses appear not to have as much cost pressure, as you might expect is, we saw a lot of that cost pressure two or three years ago. Frankly, I think as a company, we talked about it a lot more in 2015 and 2016 than many of our peers. I don't know if that's because we were feeling it sooner in our markets or just because maybe we were being more realistic about the impacts of it. But I think to a degree, what we're seeing now two or three years later is that, those pressures at least as they are reflected in the financial statements, have anniversaried themselves and have largely sort of stabilized.
Whit Mayo: Can you comment maybe on professional fees and the question around the physician staffing company subsidies, any color would be helpful?
Steve Filton: I think other than anecdotally, I mean look, I can -- I could tick off three or four examples throughout our portfolio, where we've seen some pressure from our contract physician providers for increased subsidies or fees or whatever it might be. But I don't think that overall, and I have said -- few people have asked about our other operating expenses over the last several years, and I think a little bit of a tick-up in that, on that line is some of that pressure. But I don't think it's really enormously needle moving in terms of really keeping margins suppressed or anything like that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. Just a few quick questions. First, Steve, you had mentioned the ongoing DoJ investigation costs were about $10 million or so annually that would go away as this closes. Do you anticipate any measurable costs from complying with the, with the CIA that you're going to have to sign? It seems like other companies might point to a couple of million dollars or so associated with that. But want to get your thoughts.
Steve Filton: Yes. So again I think we've tried to be clear, we've seen nothing specific from the government, so it would be difficult for us to kind of frame what the costs could or should be. But I guess and maybe I should have been a little bit clearer than this, I mean I think that the relief of those legal fees at a minimum, should help to fund whatever that incremental costs might be.
Gary Taylor: Right. And then I may be just missed the tail-end of your response to Frank's question, I didn't catch if he asked it explicitly. But was there, was there anything to call out in the acute EBITDA this quarter in terms of just supplemental payments, extra supplemental payments or something that we might see in the Q?
Steve Filton: I don't think anything material.
Gary Taylor: Okay. And my last one, maybe this one more for Alan, if he's still listening, I was just thinking about Intermountain acquiring Healthcare Partners Nevada and just what are the implications of that? Do you think that's a precursor to them wanting to get into the Vegas hospital market? How much would you care about that? Any thoughts would be interesting
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean I'll answer that. [Indiscernible] we've routinely discussed here, so I think we're of the same mind. Look, I think the good news, as this process unfolded, we had concerns that United would be able to keep this business, and I think that would have created a real competitive advantage for them. So when the FTC required them to sell this business, I think that -- we view that as a favorable development. I guess, ideally, we would have liked for the business to be sold to a payer, who would have no real presence in the market, that would have been sort of perfect from our perspective. But the fact that the business has been sold to a provider, who doesn't really have much of a presence in the market, I think is kind of maybe the next best thing. Look, I think it's a signal as you sort of alluded to in your question, that over time, Intermountain probably will -- either has plans or will execute plans to develop some sort of provider present in the market. But obviously, that will take some time, and they will have some obstacles to overcome, in a market that is sort of well entrenched amongst a small number of providers. So we face sort of competitive dynamics in all of our markets. This will be a new one in Las Vegas. But it's not one that at the moment we're losing sleep over. Although to be fair, we're focused on it and we are prepared to respond to it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Ransom with Raymond James. John, your line is open.
John Ransom: Hi, good morning. This is sort of an [indiscernible] question and I don't mean to imply that it's material short term, but we have heard in behavioral, that the payers are starting -- the managed care payers are starting to layer in some outcomes type, penalties, for example readmissions within a certain timeframe. And so my question is, are you seeing that, number one. And then number two, do you think anywhere in our lifetime, we're going to see any meaningful type of quality/outcomes data in behavioral, which certainly has lagged this in acute by a decade or more. But just curious to see if, if this is a way of raising the bar and if there is anything to this? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. Yes, I'll go in reverse order, John. I mean certainly, your comment is accurate, the sophistication and the maturity of quality reporting and outcomes reporting in the behavioral segment, certainly lags. The acute care med-surg segment and maybe other service lines as well. But I think UHS has sort of been on cutting edge. We have worked directly with the joint commission as an example, to develop more standardized quality and outcomes reporting. I think we do more in that area than just about anybody else in this space. But I agree with you, we are probably several years behind where the med-surg industry is. As far as the sort of specific dynamic of payers having sort of readmission penalties, I don't think we've seen that. I also find it a little bit incongruous, in an environment where payers are -- at least in our own minds, you know, aggressively and in some cases, arbitrarily insisting on shorter length of stay in earlier discharges of patients, for the payers then to come back and suggest that we should then bear penalty, because those patients have to be readmitted, when we thought they were prematurely discharged. We would struggle with that. So we've not seen that in any sort of material or measurable way.
John Ransom: So just what is the benchmarking for quality? What is being measured and do you even have electronic medical records yet in behavioral, is it just some qualitative reporting, is there anything that's being measured at this point?
Steve Filton: Yes, look, I think things like use of restraints and frequency of restraints, outcomes, measurements are actually being measured. I mean it's probably too complicated and by the way, I'm probably not the best person as a non-clinical person to be the one to address it. But happy offline to share more of that detail.
Operator: Gentlemen, your final question comes from the line of Steve [ph] with Goldman Sachs. Steve, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, Steve. Thanks for taking the question. I guess just wanted to the clarify first on the DSH commentary before, you said tracking in line with guidance. I think guidance is for DSH to be down -- well, Medicaid supplemental payments to be down $30 million year-on-year in '19. And so I just want to understand, is that sort of still the latest thinking, is that what you're tracking to and maybe anything to know in the cadence there?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, I think as we disclosed in the first quarter, it's a little bit less than that or the decline is not as great. But I don't think in the second quarter, the trajectory changed a great deal from what our first quarter Q had.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, okay. And maybe just one on the behavioral side then as well. So noticing same facility earnings were higher than non-comp -- or sorry, higher than total. So like the non-comp facilities seem to have lost about $7 million in the quarter. I am just sort of thinking about what's in that bucket. I think Danshell will fall in there. It's 25 hospitals, but it looks like there is 39, just the way you guys reported. So maybe Panama City is another one. But can you remind us sort of what else may be in there, and then how Danshell did in the quarter?
Steve Filton: Yes. So Danshell is tracking pretty much. I think when we acquired them, they had about a $10 million annual EBITDA stream, and I think they are tracking something close to that quarterly, obviously. I think in terms of otherwise, the non-same-store -- I know we had a -- Florida has eliminated their CON and we had I think a $3 million write-off or so of our behavioral CON assets that and that non-same-store number. I can't think of anything else terribly material in that number for the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Perfect. And just maybe bigger picture thinking Danshell and UK, can you give us your thoughts on how that business is doing, maybe your level of interest and potentially growing the UK business on the behavioral side?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, look, I think that Danshell is sort of reflective of the way that we envision growing the UK. It was a small -- again $100 million so acquisition. And I think we are looking for those sort of one-off, either development opportunities. We've done a few de novo developments. We've added beds to a number of facilities in the UK. We've done a few smaller acquisitions like Danshell and a company called Alpha. But I think other than that, it's not like we are looking to increase the size of our footprint in the UK by multiple times, that's not our intent.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That's helpful. All right, thanks a lot
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters for closing remarks.
Steve Filton: Okay. We just thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking with everyone again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Heidi, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Steve Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve Filton: Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. We welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2019. During this conference call Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the Company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.57 for the quarter. After adjusting for the favorable impact from our adoption of ASU 2016-09 as discussed in our press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $2.45 for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. On a same facility basis in our acute care division revenues increased 4.7% during the first quarter of 2019. The increase resulted primarily from a 4.9% increase in adjusted admissions and a 0.4% decrease in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same facility basis, revenues in our behavioral health division increased 3% during the first quarter of 2019. Adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 2.9% and adjusted patient days increased 0.9% over the prior year first quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 2.5% during the first quarter of 2019 over the comparable prior-year quarter. Our cash provided by operating activities was approximately $391 million during the first quarter of 2019. Our accounts receivable days outstanding decreased to 51 days during the first quarter of 2019 as compared to 53 days during the first quarter of last year. Our ratio of debt to total capitalization declined to 41.5% at March 31, 2019 as compared to 42.9% at March 31, 2018. We spent $170 million on capital expenditures during the first quarter of 2019. We completed and opened 52 new behavioral health beds and expect to open another 350 new beds at our busiest behavioral health hospitals before the end of the year. We also completed and opened two new freestanding emergency departments in the first quarter, one in South Texas; and the other in Wellington, Florida, bringing our total number of FEDs to 10 with several more expected to open over the course of the year. In conjunction with our share repurchase program that commenced in 2014. During the first quarter of 2019, we repurchased approximately 841,000 shares of our stock at a cost of approximately $106 million or approximately $126 per share. One final note included with our press release last night was a schedule of selected hospitals statistics, to the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018. Certain statistical information on that schedule related solely to be as reported behavioral health facilities for the three months ended March 31, 2019 was inaccurate. The corrected as reported, behavioral health, statistical information for the three months ended March 31, 2018 was included as Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8-Ka as filed this morning with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Other than the as reported behavioral health statistical data as just discussed, no other changes are required to any of the financial or statistical data including all same facility statistical data as originally included in last night's press release and related Form 8-K as filed last evening. Alan and I will be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Thanks, good morning, Steve. First on the acute side. EBITDA was below expectations there. It looked like it was pricing. Can you walk us through a few things, one, why was pricing so weak in the quarter. How did you see a kind of flow through the quarter and how far off was acute EBITDA from your internal estimate? And kind of how far was the quarter off. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Sure, Justin. So first of all, let me say that I think similar to last year first quarter results, we were a little bit short of our own internal expectation, a couple of pennies short. I know we were measurably shorter than the consensus estimates however. Internally, I think as you suggested our acute care results were probably $10 million or $15 million short of where we expected to be. And conversely, our behavioral results were made up about half of that. So, we were ultimately, as I said a couple of pennies short from an EPS perspective. The main driver of this shortfall again, I think as you suggested on the acute side was, pricing or revenue per adjusted admission weakness. What we saw in the quarter was a measurable shift of higher margin, higher revenue, surgical patients to lower margin, lower revenue, medical patients, which is not really that sort of typical pattern particularly early in the year. We did see that pattern abate, as the quarter went on. So, in other words, surgical volumes were extremely weak in January, they got better in February, they got better in March. And it looks like they're continuing to get better into the early stages of the second quarter.
Justin Lake: And. So are you saying March and April were pretty much in line from an acuity perspective and therefore from a profitability perspective in the acute business or the miss was in January, February?
Steve Filton: Yes. I certainly will say that about March, obviously April is sort of an incomplete picture at this point. But at least from a statistical and service mix perspective, it appears those trends continue to improve in April. Obviously at this point we haven't closed April, we haven't seen payer mix information, all that kind of stuff, so I'm not going to make any broader comments about April's profitability. But in terms of the service mix dynamic that I talked about, it did seem to again and continue to improve into April.
Justin Lake: Okay, thanks for all the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning, Steve. Two questions, kind of related. I guess, first is just any overall thoughts of the IPPS proposal this week, and anything we should be thinking about. And then second, I guess related to that as I think about the impact coming in 4Q. Medicare advantage versus Medicare fee-for-service, in terms of the payments to your facilities. I just wanted to see where we were on that, if anything has changed in recent years or does the M&A payment typically reset directly with the fee-for-service changes come October 1. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, so as far as the IPPS rule, we had in our 2019 guidance beginning in October. I believe an assumption that the IPPS would increase on sort of an all-in basis by something like 2.6% or 2.7%. I think when we calculated the impact of the final rule that's out now, again all in with the effect of DSH and with the effect of wage and exchanges, we were coming very close to our estimates. So I think from our perspective, and certainly has an impact our 2019 guidance, is largely a push. As far as your second question, I think that generally we find Medicare Advantage rates tend to follow and contractually sort of – I think described them as being reset with the overall traditional Medicare rate. So I think we generally find them to be strongly connected.
Josh Raskin: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks, good morning. In terms of the surgical softness, can you just give us a sense of magnitude at all of the decline in the early part of the quarter versus recent recovery? And then maybe which surgical line saw the greatest impact.
Steve Filton: Yeah, I mean. So for the quarter, Ralph inpatient surgical volumes were flat with last year, outpatient volumes were up maybe 2%. Historically, I think what we have found generally is that surgical volumes and admissions tend to move in relative lockstep, so that if admissions are up 4%, then usually surgical volumes are up 3% to 5%. So the level of disconnect in the quarter was certainly greater than what we're accustomed to seeing. In terms of sort of the monthly cadence or progression. I don't necessarily have that in front of me, but as you can think about it, I mean in terms of – if inpatient surgeries were flat for the quarter, they were down early in the quarter and then got better and we're a little bit up in the quarter towards the end.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. And anything on surgical line?
Steve Filton: Yes. And in terms of what I was saying before, what we saw is a decline in those higher margin, higher revenue surgeries, those would include orthopedics, hips and knees and spine. They would include cardiology, stent and open hearts and pacemakers. So, I think all the sort of traditional areas that you would think of as high-acuity, high revenue, higher margin procedures. For the most part, were down across the board, across the portfolio. And as I said, we began to recover and did recover as the quarter progressed.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay and then just to just to clarify, was it loss of surgical volume, altogether, or was it more of a shift to those procedures from inpatient to outpatient. So you sort of still kept it, which is why maybe the overall volumes got looked okay, but the pricing and margins got hit or is that not the dynamic.
Steve Filton: Well, again I mean I'll just sort of repeat the overarching metrics. Our adjusted admissions were up 5%, inpatient surgeries were flat, outpatient surgeries were up 2%. So it leads you to believe there is a little bit of shift from inpatient to outpatient, but the biggest shift I believe is, less surgical patients and more medical patients and again those medical patients are lower revenue, lower margin patients.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, fair enough. I leave with that, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Thanks. On the psych side, I guess, you said that the numbers were better than you were expecting in the quarter. What was – what exactly came in better was it a revenue beat or was it on the cost side?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, if you recall, Kevin at our year-end call, just a couple of months ago, we talked about the basic premise of our same-store guidance on the behavioral side was roughly, how we ended last year, which was kind of 3% revenue growth. We had 3% admission growth in Q1 we had 2.5% pricing growth, those numbers fell pretty robust as unfortunately we continued to see pressure on length of stay. Although again that was largely as expected we said at the end of the year, we were embedding in our guidance an assumption that length of stay would continue to decline 1% or 2% in 2019, and it declined 2% at least in the first quarter of 2019. So in many respects, the underlying metrics played out as we expected. I think we just saw a little bit more efficiency, we saw as – we predicted or our guidance presumed relatively flattish EBIT on a same store basis. I think we had more of a 4% EBITDA growth, or something on a same store basis. And I think that's a little bit of efficiency, and it's a little bit of the anniversarying of some of this, the wage and salary pressure that we've been talking about for the last couple of years.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then I guess as far as the length of stay pressures. The quarter was better, I guess in some of the more recent quarters. There, are you seeing anything around there to kind of give you visibility and that continuing to decline or a pressure continued to abate. Or is the right assumption to be that it's still going to be in that kind of 2% range, as far as length of stay pressure?
Steve Filton: Yes. So look, we've been I think reluctant in the more recent quarters to make real definitive predictions about the direction of length of stay and behavioral. We've talked, I think about the biggest variable and the biggest volatility there being, the continued migration of traditional Medicaid patients into managed Medicaid plans, where they tend to have a lower length of stay. And while, we're certainly aware of the states in which that migration occurs, the pace and the cadence at which it occurs. The level of, sort of aggressive behavior of the particular managed care payers in a particular geography or state varies. And as a consequence, it has not been easy for us to historically predict how length of stay is going to go. So, I think we're going to stick with the idea that, over the course of the next 12 or 24 months, we'd expect length of stay to decline 1% or 2%. We're certainly doing a number of things internally to try and do our best to make sure those numbers reflect a fair length of stay from the payers that is consistent with their clinical diagnoses et cetera, and proper treatment and outcomes. So, we continue to work on it but from a financial perspective, I think the expectation is still 1% or 2% decline for the near term.
Kevin Fischbeck: And then maybe this last question, the accrual for the DOJ settlement I guess was flat sequentially. So, I'm not sure how to read into that, is that a sign that you're getting close to the end and the two sides are not very far apart at this point or is it more a sign that there's still a ways to go and there was not a lot of progress made this past quarter in the settlement discussions?
Steve Filton: What we had talked about in our year-end call a couple of months ago was the idea that we felt like we were nearing an agreement on a monetary settlement with the government, but that there were several non-monetary issues to be negotiated and discussed. And I think over the last couple of months, the focus of our interaction with the government has sort of shifted to those non-monetary items, things like terms of a release and the periods of a release and the conclusion of related investigations, criminal and otherwise. And so I think what's to be read in that is that we continue to negotiate rather vigorously with the government, and I think both sides are committed to bringing this matter to a conclusion. We as always hope it will go faster but are dedicating our resources to make sure that happens.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Two questions. First of all just drilling down a little further on the strength and certain medical relevance to surgical. When you as you rattled off some of those surgical case categories, hips and knees back some of that and my mind maybe has some aspects of postponable nature to it or even an elective I guess, whereas obviously open hearts doesn't. But as you talk to the operators is there any indication that maybe what we're seeing is sort of a flattening out of seasonality because of the proliferation of high-deductible health plans. Is that a factor here in what we're seeing?
Steve Filton: So A.J., I think that the dynamic that you just described is certainly real and has quite frankly existed for many years, so I honestly we have long seen late in the year in November and December, an uptick in elective procedures as people have satisfied their deductibles and look to have those procedures and those treatments done at that time. And then we see kind of a slow start in January. February as the clock resets on their deductibles, et cetera. What people have speculated over the last several years is that that dynamic would be exacerbated as more and more plans became high deductible and the deductibles themselves became bigger et cetera. So, I think it's not an unreasonable sort of postulation that that's some of what we see happening. In an objective way that's very difficult for us to prove, we just don't have enough information about you know sort of our patients. You know insurance sort of position this year versus last year to really make those kind of broad sort of conclusions. I think the payers would probably be in a better position than we are to make those sort of judgments. But there is certainly has been speculation on the part of our operators that that may be a dynamic in what's happening. I'll also make the point that, I know it doesn't necessarily answer it, but last year, in the first couple of quarters, UHS and other acute operators were generally reporting stronger revenue per unit, stronger acuity. And in some cases sort of struggling to explain that fully. So, I do think we're working off of pretty high comparison historically and I think that's playing into this a little bit as well.
A.J. Rice: Okay. And maybe the other question I was going to ask is drilling down on capital deployment. I wonder if you could give some color as to, it seemed like maybe your discussions with the government were causing you to be a little conservative relative to capital deployment. I know you're down to debt-to-EBITDAR rather 2.3 times, which is very low for the industry. Any thoughts on the cadence of buyback activity over the course of the year. And then I guess, there's also been some deal activity in the last 18 months and markets you might have an interest in. And there's also been discussion about possibly physician deals being out there. Any update on both sides buyback and deal activity pipeline from your perspective?
Steve Filton: So, I think we made the point A.J. that over the last I think three years we've averaged pretty consistently low $400 million of share repurchase annually. Embedded in our guidance for 2019 as a similar $400 million to $500 million number. I think based on our first quarter performance and the buying that we've done under a 10b-5 into the second quarter, we're comfortably on track to get to those numbers. I think what we've said is that likely until we settle with the government, the cadence and the pace of those repurchases probably doesn't change all that dramatically, although we're certainly trying to take advantage of what we believe sort of unjustified weaknesses et cetera in the stock. In terms of deal opportunities. I think that's always difficult to comment on, with any level of specificity. Obviously, you've made the point and we certainly concur that our conservative capital structure leaves us a lot of flexibility. So, we certainly feel like we're in a position to respond to opportunities as they arise and opportunities are presented to us all the time and we're evaluating them, but we're not going to comment on any specifically.
A.J. Rice: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Ana Gupte with BBB Leerink. Please go ahead.
Ana Gupte: Hey, thanks, good morning Steve, good morning Alan. Just one last one, perhaps from me, on the mix shifting that you've seen from surgical to medical. Is there anything you're able to tell from the various geographies that you're playing in? Is anything incrementally, different? Also, do you see any differences by payer mix, which would kind of then play to A.J.’s question about seasonality and high deductibles? And any delayed mix shifting to ambulatory sites of service perhaps that you hadn't seen before?
Steve Filton: No. I mean, I think, and I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that we've been fairly active in certain markets in developing and opening freestanding emergency rooms and certainly in those markets, we've seen some shift of emergency room business out of our hospitals into the freestanding entities. But more importantly, I think we feel like we're seeing, we're capturing business that some of our competitors would have otherwise seen in those FEDs. So generally, I think our ER business remains rather robust. And in fact, I think one of the dynamics we see in the quarter is we are seeing more of a higher percentage of capture of ER patients in admissions. We did look at this dynamic of the shift from surgical to medical. We certainly looked at across the portfolio, and we saw this dynamic present in many of our markets, not just one or two. So it didn't seem to be geographically specific for us and couldn't really determine any patterns in that regard.
Ana Gupte: Okay. And it's not got to do anything with observation stays, which your pattern used to be more on higher volume, lower pricing growth. I think that's probably 2017 and then it sort of slipped a bit.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, I think that maybe related to the comments I was trying to make to A.J. before, which is we explained some of the strong acuity and revenue per admission that we were experiencing early last year to the idea that we’ve had success with some of our payers, particularly out West, in getting more of what I – we sort of describe as those bubble cases categorized as in-patients rather than observation. So it's possible that some of the revenue weakness in Q1 is an anniversary-ing of that dynamic, although again I think that the bigger issue is the shift of surgical patients to medical patients. But that could have at least some incremental impact.
Ana Gupte: Okay, great. Thanks. On behavioral – switching to behavioral. So you talked about in 12 to 18 months, you'll get back to 5% and clinical staffing was driving volumes up, offset by the, hopefully, last of the length of stay pressure from Medicaid to managed Medicaid. Do you feel it's kind of maxed out on the staffing dynamic here on the volumes and then on the length of stay, this payer mix shift, which I think you're like two-thirds managed Medicaid, one-third Medicaid? Correct me if I'm wrong. Are you kind of seeing the same dynamic in the timing to return on that 5%?
Steve Filton: Yes. So look, we talked about the pressures that labor shortages were really causing for us and impacting us back in late 2015 and early 2016, I think, is when that problem really kind of reached its height. Since then, I think we've made a great deal of progress. Now we certainly still remain in a pretty tight labor environment as does the rest of the country. And so we still have pockets where either we have a shortage of a psychiatrist or multiple psychiatrists and nurses or even in some cases, nonclinical or nonprofessional clinicians. But I think we've made a significant amount of progress and the amount and occurrence of those sort of shortages are much more infrequent today than they were a number of years ago. So that's much less of a barrier to revenue growth and admission growth. The length of stay issue, which we talked about before a little bit, remains I think probably the biggest barrier to or getting to that sort of 5% target that we've talked about before. We continue to work on that and I think also have a point of view that at some point over the course of the next year or two, we'll largely begin to anniversary that. But we're not quite there yet.
Ana Gupte: Okay. And then one final one. You've always pointed out your commitment for the company on a diversified model. And usually, you have one business somewhat offsetting the other. Looking at the first quarter, and it sounds like it's beginning to get better on the surgical side, how do you feel relative to plan in acute, behavioral and then more broadly relative to guidance?
Steve Filton: Well, I mean, I'll just make the comment, which I think you made, I'm going to sort of reiterate. And I think we feel like our two-segment strategy, which we've been committed to for well over three decades, has served us well over that time in many respects. But one is it's been a good business diversification strategy that as one business was under some pressure, the other tended not to be. And this last quarter seems to be another example of that. As far as how we sort of view the cadence or the trajectory of the businesses, I will say that this year's first quarter at least feels to me a little bit like last year's first quarter, where we missed our internal projections by a couple of pennies but missed The Street consensus by a measurably greater amount. We made that point on the call. And I will say the one difference last year was the miss last year was behavioral related. The miss this year is more acute related. But I think we had a point of view that we were still on track to get where we projected we'd be and in fact, wound up the year within 0.5% of the midpoint of our original guidance. So obviously, we can't guarantee that, that will be the same result this year, but we certainly feel, given that we only missed our internal projections by a couple of pennies and given that the trends in acute care that seem to have driven the miss in Q1, seem to be reversing themselves, we feel pretty good about our ability to land safely within our original guidance.
Ana Gupte: Thanks Steve. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Costa: Thanks for all the color on the surgical volumes. I won't press that anymore but it sounds like that's mostly resolved at this point. Can you talk about the Medicaid DSH cuts that are coming in the fourth quarter? I know there's a letter running around Washington trying to build up support to delay those cuts. How exposed are you to that? I know it's more of a nonprofit item. But for you guys, it's probably still a little bit. Can you talk about that a little bit?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, Peter, we do disclose. I don't have the numbers in front of me. But now in our 10-K, we disclose our DSH reimbursement, and we project our DSH reimbursement into 2019. There was some decline that is embedded in our 2019 guidance. Obviously, we would be pleased if Congress was to step in and sort of either abate or reverse that. Hard to know what the likelihood is of that at this point, but I will say that I think all that is embedded in our 2019 guidance already.
Peter Costa: So if it is delayed, it will be an upside to you guys as opposed to if it comes through, it's a negative?
Steve Filton: That’s correct. That’s correct.
Peter Costa: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Steven Valiquette: Thanks. Good morning, guys. So really, I guess, for us a little more time has passed now since the elevated noise level over a month ago around the push by the current administration for greater transparency in managed care or commercial hospital pricing. Just curious if you have any updated thoughts on whether this is either gaining momentum or maybe just losing steam since that conjecture came out last month?
Steve Filton: Look, I think there is a lot a focus on transparency in pricing. Although I think, to some degree, it's a little bit misdirected. I mean it is largely focused on a very small group of patients who really don't have health insurance either from the government through Medicare or Medicaid or commercial insurance. And the reality, even though there are sort of the anecdotal stories that can be rather sort of lurid, is that most patients like that really don't wind up paying what I would sort of call retailer sticker prices. So there's a lot a focus on it. I don't know that it's – we certainly have complied. We post our prices, as you're supposed to now, on our website. But I don't know that it really addresses a significant problem. I think it's one of the solutions in search of a problem. I do think that there are other kind of initiatives in what I'll call the billing and collection area that I think do – will get more traction and will put more pressure on some providers. That includes what – sort of under the umbrella this kind of broad surprise billing, which is generally sort of an out-of-network billing dynamic. These are for what I think are generally hospital-based physicians, ER physicians, anesthesiologists, et cetera, who may be not in-network when a hospital is in-network. We have very few of those cases. We really require our hospital-based physicians to be generally in any networks that we're in. So we don't think that's much of an issue. I think in a broader sense, that's a bigger issue than the transparency pricing that's gotten some amount of traction.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with UBS. Please go ahead.
Whit Mayo: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Can you maybe just remind us for a second what the headwinds were in the first quarter of last year for the behavioral segment? I had $8 million or $9 million penciled in but wasn't sure if that's right. Just trying to figure out what the real underlying growth is this quarter.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think with – the items that you're referring to were $5 million or $6 million of headwinds from the three regulatory-challenged facilities. Those facilities have improved this year by maybe $3 million. I will note that the activity from those facilities has been moved into the non-same-store segment of behavioral health. The other issues were the relatively slow start of the Gulfport, Mississippi facility as we got our Medicare and Medicaid numbers. That facility has also probably improved something like $3 million in the quarter. But that I think has been largely been offset by probably $3 million or $4 million of drag from our Panama City facility that was impacted by a hurricane late last year and remained closed during the first quarter this year. They since reopened in early in the second quarter. And then I think the last drag that you're referring to was a $1 million or $2 million drag from the slow hurricane recovery in Puerto Rico. And unfortunately, that market remains relatively – or the recovery remains relatively slow. So I'm not sure we have a big turnaround there.
Whit Mayo: Okay. So maybe to keep it as simplistic as possible, as you normalize internally for headwinds and tailwinds, on a same-store basis, how much do you think EBITDA increased or decreased in the first quarter?
Steve Filton: Yes. So on a same-store basis, I think it's largely a push with the Gulfport improvement being offset by the Panama City loss.
Whit Mayo: Got it. Okay, that’s helpful. And I know you had some supplemental headwinds that you cited and included in your 10-K. And any way to size maybe what the first quarter impact was, at least optically, on the revenue per adjusted admission statistic for the first quarter?
Steve Filton: So I think on the acute side of the business, there's probably a $6 million to $8 million drag from the projected DSH declines as well as these managed Medicaid pay-for-performance payments that we get in California. We don't actually include them in our sort of special reimbursement tables in the Qs and Ks and we record them largely on a cash basis. But we recorded about $4 million in last year's first quarter and nothing this year. So there's probably, like I said, about a $6 million or $8 million drag on the acute revenues that contribute to some of the weakness in their pricing in the first quarter.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Okay. And then maybe just one last one. Case mix, I don't know if you actually gave a case mix number. I was just curious if it was actually down year-over-year.
Steve Filton: Case mix is down year-over-year, but I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, Whit.
Whit Mayo: Okay, I’ll follow up with you. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. Just the one numbers question I had, Steve, was on other operating expense in the acute business was up on a dollar basis almost 8% year-over-year. And on a per adjusted day basis, about 2.3%, which, given the strong volume growth on acute, is a little higher than we'd probably anticipate out of what's mostly a fixed cost bucket. So anything unique on other operating expense to call out this quarter?
Steve Filton: I don't think so. Gary, I think, as you point out, I think the way to look at it is on an adjusted – per adjusted admission basis. And I think all of our expenses in acute care are up in that sort of low single-digit range on that basis, which is generally where we'd expect. I understand the point you're making that I think is people model often that other operating expense model is usually just going up by kind of an inflation rate. I will say the one functional area that's included in that, that has seen some pressure is that's where we record our locums or temporary physician costs. It's where we record a lot of our contract service physician costs for things like ER subsidies or if there are appropriately anesthesia or hospital subsidies. Those expenses get recorded in that other operating expense line. And we've seen more than just kind of inflationary pressure in those functional areas in the last few quarters.
Gary Taylor: Got it. Also, I think at least in my universe, you're one of the first providers to report under the new accounting rules on the capitalized leases. We see that on the balance sheet, both sides of the balance sheet. Is that all just excluded from all your current debt covenants or no amendments or anything, it's just not included?
Steve Filton: That’s correct.
Gary Taylor: And last question is, is there any update on behavioral leadership external, internal search?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean that search continues quite vigorously. We've been pleased with the quality of candidates that we've been able to see and hope to be able to make an announcement about that soon.
Gary Taylor: Okay, that’s it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Matthew Gillmor with Robert Baird. Please go ahead.
Matthew Gillmor: Hey, thanks for the question. I'm following up on the acute performance. I think Ana asked about payer mix trends within the acute business, but I'm not sure I heard the direct answer. So Steve, can you maybe provide some color on how payer mix trended during the quarter?
Steve Filton: Yes. I think payer mix has been relatively stable, Matt. I think we've done – or we had a focus on our process of trying to qualify the uninsured for Medicaid. And so I think we've seen an uptick in Medicaid utilization to a degree. But I think that's actually kind of a favorable shift out of uninsured into Medicaid. But just generally, again, as we sort of evaluated our revenue changes for the quarter, I think we found that they were not really driven by payer mix as much as they were by the service mix that we talked about at fairly great length already.
Matthew Gillmor: Got it. And then one on the behavioral business, and I guess it was sort of in the context of some of the Medicare for All proposal that have come out. And there's obviously been a lot of effort to try to understand sort of how that impacts the acute business because there are large differences between rates between different payer classes. And my sense was on behavioral, that those differences were pretty minimal, but I was hoping you could confirm that and maybe talk a little bit about the different rates within the behavioral segment.
Steve Filton: I mean, I think we've always had the point of view that the general relationship of payers and their rates is similar in both acute and behavioral, meaning Medicare is sort of in the middle in terms of the level of reimbursement. Medicaid is the lowest payer reimbursable-wise, and then commercial is higher than Medicare. I would say on the acute side, the spread between those three is larger, but the overall relationship is similar on the behavioral side.
Matthew Gillmor: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Pito Chickering: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. One quick question on the surgeries. Can you sort of talk about market share and if you guys lost any market share within surgeries from competitors? Or this is widespread across not only in your hospitals but also against your competitors?
Steve Filton: So Pito, we do track and get market share information in virtually all of our markets. Unfortunately, none of it is as real-time as in the quarter that we're talking about. So we're probably, depending on the market, still a couple of quarters or three away from really seeing market share shifts. But we have – as you might imagine, there's a lot of sort of informal communication that takes place within markets between facilities, but especially between clinicians, doctors especially but nurses who practice at multiple facilities. And so we have, I think, a reasonable sense in most of our markets as to how we're doing on a real-time basis. And there was very little concern in the quarter that the decline in surgeries was some sort of significant market share shift. There was just sort of no evidence, even anecdotal evidence that, that was happening.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Fair enough. A few more quick questions here. You also disclosed that 35% to 40% of all behavioral admissions came from hospital ERs. Has that changed at all in the last year or so?
Steve Filton: No, I don't think so, Pito. I think that, that number has been pretty stable for a while.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Fair enough. And then on McAllen. Tracking employment in McAllen markets, it looks as though the economy is sort of growing there for the first time in almost a decade. Are you seeing any growth there? Any green shoots of trends within that market?
Steve Filton: I mean again, as we've discussed quite a bit over the last several years, that South Texas market has been one of our softer markets economically and as a consequence, from a payer mix and a volume perspective for us. And yes, they've been encouraged, I think, by some of the changes recently. I think sometimes, it takes a while for those underlying market-specific changes to sort of filter their way into the local health care economy. So I don't know that we're seeing a huge change in that market, but I think they're a bit more bullish than they've been.
Pito Chickering: All right. And then last question on this one is looking at the managed Medicaid business length of stays versus the states that have no managed Medicaid, you're obviously going to see low – much lower length of stays in the managed businesses. Do you see any different readmission rates for states that have heavily managed Medicaid versus the ones that don't, i.e., do the lower length of stays impact readmission rates?
Steve Filton: That's a great question and one that we are greatly focused on. The challenge that we have is the availability of data. As you might imagine, when a patient is seen in our hospital and then is readmitted, it's not always to one of our hospitals. So we don't always I think have complete or perfect information on readmissions. Sometimes, the state will have that. Sometimes, the payers will share that. Sometimes we can – there are other ways that we can get it. But we do make the argument, in many cases, to the payers that we think that some of this pressure on length of stay is really not suitable or not appropriate for the long-run care of the patient because we think that – and we can at least prove, in some of our cases, where we have the information that patients who were discharged earlier are being readmitted more frequently. So I assume the payers look at that same information and draw their own conclusions. But a part of the challenge we have is we don't have all that information.
Pito Chickering: Great, thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue. I turn the call back over to the presenters.
Steve Filton: Okay. Thank you, Heidi. We appreciate everybody's time and look forward to speaking with everyone again next quarter.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Emily. And I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter 2018 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  Thank you. Steve Filton Chief Financial Officer, you may begin your conference.
Steve Filton: Thank you, Emily. Good morning Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the full year and fourth quarter ended December 31, 2018. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast projections and forward-looking statements, for anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018.  We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to your questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $8.31 for the year and $1.70 for the quarter. After adjusting each period as indicated on the supplemental schedule included with last night's earnings release, adjusted net income attributable to UHS increased to $220.1 million or $2.37 per diluted share for the quarter ended December 31, 2018, as compared to a $189.6 million or $2 per diluted share during the fourth quarter of 2017. As reflected on the supplemental schedule, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS during the fourth quarter of 2018 excluded a pre-tax increase of $31.9 million in the Department of Justice Reserve and a pre-tax provision for asset impairment of $49.3 million, which reduced the carrying value of the trade name intangible asset recorded in connection with our 2015 acquisition of Foundations Recovery Network. On a same facility basis in our Acute Care division, net revenues increased 4.7% during the fourth quarter of 2018. Excluding our health plan, same facility revenues increased 6.1%.  The increased revenues resulted primarily from a 2.2% increase in adjusted admissions and a 4.2% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same facility basis, net revenues in our Behavioral Health division increased 2% during the fourth quarter of 2018. Adjusted admissions to our Behavioral Health facilities owned for more than a year increased 4.5%, while adjusted patient days increased 1.2% during the fourth quarter of 2018, as compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 1.1% during the fourth quarter of 2018 over the comparable prior-year quarter.  Our cash generated from operating activities was $1.341 billion during 2018, as compared to $1.183 billion during 2017. Our accounts receivable days declined to 50 days during the fourth quarter of 2018, as compared to 52 days in 2017. At December 31, 2018 our ratio of debt to total capitalization declined to 42.6% as compared to 44.7% at December 31, 2017. We spent $144 million in capital expenditures during the fourth quarter of 2018 and $665 million during the full year of 2018. In 2018, we completed and opened 234 new Acute Care beds and 734 New Behavioral Health beds, including de novo facilities. Our Behavioral Health integrations joint venture pipeline continues to be very strong. Today, we are announcing our latest joint venture, a partnership with Southeast Health to build a new 102-bed Behavioral Health Hospital in Southeast Missouri. During 2019, we expect to spend approximately $675 million to $725 million on capital expenditures, which includes expenditures for capital equipment, renovations, new projects at existing hospitals and construction of new facilities. In conjunction with our share repurchase program that commenced in 2014, during the fourth quarter of 2018, we repurchased approximately 1.22 million shares of our stock at a cost of approximately $149 million or $122 per share. During the 12 months ended December 31, 2018, we have repurchased approximately 3.32 million shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $401 million or $121 per share.  Last night's press release included our 2019 operating results forecast. For the year ended December 31, 2019, our estimated range of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, net of controlling interest is $1.826 billion to $1.909 billion. Our estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2019 is $9.70 to $10.40 per diluted share. The adjusted EPS guidance range represents an increase of approximately 2% to 9% over the adjusted net income attributable to UHS at $9.53 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2018, as calculated on the supplemental schedule. During 2019, our net revenues are estimated to be approximately $11.21 billion to $11.36 billion, representing an increase of 4.1% to 5.5% over our 2018 net revenues.  Alan and I will be pleased to answer your questions at this time. Emily?
Operator: My apologies at this time. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matt Borsch from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Matt Borsch: So I was hoping that maybe you could touch on two things. Just helping us understand how much the outlook in 2019 is going to be driven by the acute side versus the behavioral side? And then maybe just in the quarter, if you could comment on the, the metrics were good, were strong that the revenue per adjusted net on the behavioral side was hoping you could just comment on that one?
Alan Miller: Okay. I mean, I think generally, Matt, the approach that we took for our 2019 guidance was that the business trends in each segment would for the most part continue as they have been. So I think on the acute side, we took the position that the guidance or at least the midpoint of the guidance is based on something close to 5% to 6% revenue growth and 6% to 7% EBITDA growth. On the behavioral side, much more modest revenue growth are generally more like 2% to 3% and just sort of flattish EBITDA.  Although, particularly on the behavioral side, there are a number of headwinds that we face in 2018 that will reverse themselves in 2019. Those include the start-up facilities that we had opened in 2018. It includes the regulatory sort of challenge facilities that we had in the beginning of the year that continue to be a drag for part of the year. It includes the end of the year challenges we had from Florida Hurricanes and the California fires, et cetera. So I think from an EBITDA perspective, I think I'll call it from a core. On a core behavioral basis, we expect EBITDA to be sort of flattish to maybe up 1% on a kind of all in total basis, I think we are expecting EBITDA growth of sort of 3%, 3.5% at the midpoint. As far as your question about revenue per admission, I'm not sure if that was an acute question or a behavioral question…
Matt Borsch: Behavioral.
Alan Miller: Okay.
Matt Borsch: It was on behavioral because that was the only one that was, the others were strong and just that one that sort of stuck out is because it was a decline.
Alan Miller: Sure. So what we always traditionally encourage people to do on the behavioral side is really look at revenue per patient day rather than revenue per admission because the revenue per admission is distorted by the length of stay change and in fact, in Q4, we had a relatively measurable decline in length of stay, a little over 3%.
Matt Borsch: Right.
Alan Miller: Even on a patient day basis and adjusted patient day basis, our revenue per adjusted patient day was only up a little over 1% which is certainly less than it's been. I think it's a function of a couple of things. One is the continued growth in our managed Medicaid business, which tends to have a lower revenue per day and reimbursement and than our Medicare and commercial business and also the challenges we were facing in our addiction treatment business, where we continue to move from out of network rates to in network rates and that had a bit of a dampening effect. I think over time we think that, that revenue per behavioral day should grow in the 2%, 2.5% range and for the most part over the last year or so it has gravitated even to that range or slightly above it.
Matt Borsch: That makes sense. Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks, good morning. First question just on behavioral length of stay. Steve, can you give us an update on what's going on with this continued shift from Medicaid fee for service to Medicaid managed care? the magnitude of it and how much of the decline, do you think is coming from this?
Steve Filton: Sure Justin. I mean, we've said for some time. I think certainly since about the beginning of 2017. So really for the last two years that the reduction in length of stay during this period has been driven primarily by a continued shift traditional Medicaid patients to manage Medicaid patients and that remains the case, you know, the majority of our total Medicaid patients are now in managed programs. In Q4, I believe 65% to 70% of our Medicaid patient days were represented by managed Medicaid days and that number has grown from I would say 50% within the last 18 months or so. So it's been a fairly dramatic shift.  The number of large states or states that are large from our perspective in terms of behavioral presence have more recently gone to a managed system states like, Florida and Kentucky and Illinois and we felt the impact of that and I think that continues to be the major driver of the length of stay contraction. Going forward, and I think we talked about this last quarter. I certainly have talked about it over the last quarter at conferences et cetera. I think our point of view is that over the intermediate term, the next 12 or 24 months. We're still presuming that that process has to play itself out. And as a consequence, I think our guidance and our projections for the next couple of years presumed that length of stay continues to decline by 1% or 2%, a year those numbers can bounce around each quarter, but I think that's our point of view over the longer term.
Justin Lake: So Steve. That's really helpful. So, 50% goes to 65% to 70%, has that been a steady sloping line? Has it leveled out at all?
Steve Filton: It really has not leveled out in the last couple of years, I mean it's been an increasing trend in the last couple of years, it's not an absolute sort of straight line if you will, Justin. So I think length of stay decline bounces around, but if you kind of plotted it as points on the regression graph. I think you'd see a fairly steady decline over the last couple of years that on an average is around the 1% to 2% decline. And again, that's the trend that we would project would continue for another year or two.
Justin Lake: And Steve, just last question the, yes, I guess what I was asking is more just the last couple of quarters. All right. Obviously this would annualize at some point once it steadies for the last couple of quarters. And then if you're at 65% to 70% now, can you run us off of a list of stance or maybe we could follow-up just there are 2 or 3 or 4 states that kind of the bolus of where they still haven't gone Medicaid managed care and on behavioral that we should be kind of looking at, that's kind of the key last dates that would be transferring over to this.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean you know it's a perfectly reasonable question, Justin. And as you might imagine, I get asked all the time and I think we've been fairly candid in conceding that it's been difficult for us to predict with great precision, how this shift was going to take place over the last couple of years and how it will take place over the next couple. We certainly know the states that are, you know, moving to a more managed sort of approach, although I will make the point that in many states the changeover for behavioral care is not always done at the same time as the rest of the medical services population.
Justin Lake: Right.
Steve Filton: So we can always tie those together and we don't, I think, have the same sort of insight and kind of real-time data that the payers have quite frankly. So the best that we can do like I said it's sort of largely kind of track where we are, obviously we know that with that no more than 100% of the population can shift, although I'm not sure we are convinced that it will be that high and presume that will continue to occur at about the same rate, but we can see it, and we wish these were not the case then we were better able to predict with greater precision and the trajectory of how that will go.
Justin Lake: Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from AJ Rice with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
AJ Rice: Hi everybody. First, just to clean up a couple of things on the guidance, do you have a bed growth number on the psych side? And would you highlight on the acute side any unusual items that are beyond just sort of the expectations for same-store revenue and EBITDA growth, maybe a supplemental payment changes or I know the health plan has been a drag, do you continue to expect that to be a drag above and beyond with the acute business does anything that's unusual that we might want to factor into our modeling on the acute side.
Steve Filton: Sure AJ. So I think your question surrounded mostly the acute care business. As I said, same-store revenue growth on the acute side is sort of 5% or 6% in the model. We acknowledge that kind of on the high end of what seems to be sort of industry averages, although there is not a great many good public company comparisons for our acute care business any longer. I will say that most of that number is based on our historical trends over the last couple of years, we've, while I think that's a strong number. It's reflective of the sorts of experience we've had over the last few years and the strong performance particularly in a number of our better kind of stronger franchise markets like Las Vegas, Southern California DC et cetera. I will also say, however, that I think that number is inflated particularly in 2019 by some of the increased capital spending that we've seen over the last few years, I mean, our overall capital spend has gone from roughly $350 million three or four years ago to closer to $700 million in '18 and again in '19 some of that has been real big ticket items like the new hospital in Henderson, but a lot of that is just continuing to enhance our franchises. We've added beds to our Spring Valley Hospital in Las Vegas. We've added beds to Henderson, even though it's only a couple of years old. We've added beds to Summerlin in Las Vegas. We've added very large new emergency room project to our hospital in Manatee, Florida or Bradenton, Florida, we've added emergency room capacity and beds to our hospital in Denison, which is in the North Dallas market.  So, I do think that some of that acute care revenue growth is embedded in our guidance as well as far as the health plan goes, as we've talked about over the last several years, the health plan has been steadily improving the guidance for next year continues to expect it to improve. I would say it's a kind of smaller incremental improvement next year maybe in the $8 to $10 million range. And then the offset to all that as you mentioned is the supplemental payments and we've got a schedule in the 10-K that projects this or lays out the supplemental payments over the last several years and projects the 2019 number. And in 2019, we're expecting a measurable decline in supplemental payments. All that of course is included in the guidance.
AJ Rice: Okay. And you have a bed growth of target for the site business?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean we've been talking about for the last several years bed growth in the kind of 600 to 800 range a year which includes I think as I said in my prepared remarks additions to existing facilities as well as de novos, it's sometimes a tough number to really get again down precisely because there's always a lot of it depends on local zoning and regulatory clearance and those sorts of things, but I think our point of view is that we ought to be and we were at the high end of that range in 2018 and we certainly ought to be in that range again in 2019.
AJ Rice: Okay. Maybe just one last one on the capital structure, you're down to like 2.3x debt to EBITDA that's low for the industry, it's low for you guys. Historically, even though you tend to be more conservative than the industry. I know you got the DOJ settlement sounds like that's getting close, you took another accrual for that. So that's a cash outflow, but any thoughts on share repurchase. I know you've been at sort of $400 million. It sounds like for the last couple of years or so. Any thought about stepping that up.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think you've almost asked and answered your question. That is correct that our share repurchase has averaged about in that $400 million range pretty consistently for the last several years. It's what we have embedded in our guidance for 2019. I think it's possible that number accelerates either as a result of a settlement of the DOJ case and/or how we think about other external opportunities that there may be out there outside of CapEx from an M&A perspective, those are often more difficult to predict but at least, sort of what we have in our guidance is fairly similar to what we've run the last few years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Tanal with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Tanal: Thanks, good morning. Just looking in the queue on the Medicaid addition supplemental benefits. I know it's not, I don't know you guys typically guide to, but the Q had, if I sort of implies $50 million for Q4. It looks like it came in sort of $67 million. Is it fair to sort of say that was upside versus the plan without it? You might have been below the line of the guidance or how should we think about the timing there as well? The Q is filed in November. Was that a really late in the quarter sort of surprise or?
Steve Filton: Yes, so if it's good question. Steve, to be fair, I know you, this morning, we've been looking at it. As I responded to you and I will tell everyone that increased supplemental payments in Q4 were in our guidance, they are about $15 million or $16 million in Texas and in our minds, I think largely an offset to the non-recurring benefits we had in last year's Q4, the blue impact and the California UPL. I'm not exactly sure why the schedule didn't seem to reflect that in Q3. We're taking a look at that and we'll let people know, sometimes like that.
Stephen Tanal: All right, that's helpful. And then just thinking about that sort of program holistically, for the full year net supplemental payments stepped up $22 million. Is it fair to assume that was driven primarily by a mix shift toward Medicaid or is there other sort of discrete factors that would be overlooking?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean I think it's not appropriate to just sort of make that assumption. Although, it seems somewhat intuitive or logical, the states themselves in Texas in particular, I think tweaks and retweaks and changes their supplemental programs quite a bit to respond to sort of various needs and various constituencies. So oftentimes, it's the underlying formula itself rather than changes in sort of the nature of our business per se. And I think in the case of Texas over the last several years, it's been much more of that, that they've been changing the formula that it has been changes in our underlying business.
Stephen Tanal: Got it. And is that kind of similar sort of story for '19 in the K you spell out you expect that to step down $30 million. So that's not really a reflection of how you're modeling payer mix shift I guess or is it?
Steve Filton: No, no and that's a good question and a good example of the fact that the reduction in particularly thanks to UPL, which is probably about two-thirds of the overall reduction is again absolutely related to a change they have made in there. I'll call it their formula or their approach rather than any change in our businesses.
Stephen Tanal: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess just bigger picture on the behavioral segment. Just would love to check in on kind of the long-run thought process or the algorithm. Are you still kind of thinking that 5% same-store revenue growth is achievable? So, when and how are you guys thinking about kind of same-store EBITDA growth that's achievable longer term in the business?
Steve Filton: So, I think our view of the fundamentals in the behavioral business have really changed very little over the last several years. Although, certainly we understand and concede that the business itself has been under more significant operating pressures than we've seen in some time. And I think our point of view is that the behavioral business and same-store revenue growth had been averaging for many years, that's sort of 5% to 7%. Certainly, it has been averaging that in the first half of this decade, the 2010 decade and then that growth slowed pretty considerably around 2000 to late '15 early '16. A lot of that slowdown was we believe attributable to a labor shortage. We still concede that we're in a pretty tight labor market, but we've made some improvements there and I think solved some of those issues.  We've also struggled with a length of stay issue that I discussed with Justin before, but I think we ultimately believe and I think are heartened by for instance the 4.5% same store adjusted admission growth in the quarter, we're heartened by the idea that and have, I think maintain this all along that the underlying demand for behavioral services continues to be strong throughout our portfolio, throughout our service lines et cetera. And that continues to be our view and our whole focus is just on doing the things we have to do to be able to sort of solve the issues whether they are labor shortages or length of stay issues that will allow us to get to those levels of historical benefit from that underlying demand.  I think the one change we've made in our guidance for 2019 that is different than what we did in '17 and '18 is we're sort of no longer projecting or predicting an exact timeframe in which we will get back and restore that's 5% growth. I think we, as I said in my remarks earlier are projecting that in our guidance, at least the behavioral business continues at about the same pace, it's running right now and at whatever point and we're working quite on a very focused basis to get there, but on whatever point it improves, we'll adjust our guidance we'll revise our going-forward sort of projections, but we're not going to kind of play this game projecting and then we projecting at the moment because we think that's too difficult to do.
Stephen Tanal: Got it. Maybe just last question on behavioral than or in general for me. The writedown or impairment charge of Foundations Recovery Network. There's three sort of pieces to that. One was the wildfire impact on the facility, honestly not sure how large that was relative to the total write down, but you did call out kind of tougher expectations for reimbursement and perhaps the competitive dynamics indicating fewer de novos. Is that a localized issue or is your outlook on, sort of changing a bit in that, help us think about that.
Steve Filton: Sure. So we've talked, certainly for the last few quarters about changes in the addiction treatment business model that certainly the Foundations Recovery Network represented, that wasn't addiction treatment model that really relied heavily on direct to consumer marketing, either through the media, television and radio or through the Internet, there has been a number of changes in that sort of marketing, particularly in the Internet and some of the search engine logic that's made patient capture more difficult for providers over the last several years. Also, and I think many providers have acknowledged this that business has moved over the last several years from an out-of-network model to more of an in-network model and that certainly results in lower reimbursement.  Foundations also relied more heavily on a travel-to-treatment model in which patients would often travel longer distances sort of outside of their home markets to get what they consider to be sort of the best treatment available. I think payers are, have been more restrictive about those kinds of decisions, et cetera. So all those things have, I think affected the growth trajectory of that business. And then as you pointed out, and certainly we've acknowledged that and talked about that for some time. And then in the fourth quarter, I think our most profitable facility in the foundations portfolio, our addiction treatment facility in Malibu, California was closed as a result of the wildfires there. And there doesn't seem to be any path to reopening that anytime in either the near intermediate future. So that was sort of the triggering event although certainly not the primary one to do the write down.
Stephen Tanal: Awesome. Alright. Maybe just an update on behavioral leadership changes well, how did the search go? And then sorry for all the questions, I'll yield there. Appreciate it.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, as we, or as I've sort of discussed in the conferences that I've attended since Debbie left the company. We've talked about the fact that we would undergo an aggressive and comprehensive search to replace her and we've done that, we've, it's still relatively early in the process, but we've been pleased at how the search is going, we think there are a number of good solid viable candidates who we're exploring and will continue to do so, but we're quite pleased with the way that our behavioral team has sort of stepped up in the interim, lots of people, kind of filling in and taking on additional responsibilities in the interim and feeling very comfortable that how the business is being run at the moment. And so when we obviously have an announcement of a new person will make that but a very comfortable in the interim that things are progressing as we would have hoped and expected in the interim.
Stephen Tanal: Very helpful.
Alan Miller: I've mentioned also that Mark has now taken them very active role replacing Debbie and it's working out very well.
Stephen Tanal: Great, thank you, Alan. Thank you Steve. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Steve, a quick. I guess the first one, just a clarification on the DOJ settlement accrual, would you characterize that as any change in progress or is that just sort of latest proposal from UHS at this point?
Steve Filton: Well, I think it's both Josh, I mean, as we've said for a while now. We've adjusted our reserves periodically pretty much lately every quarter to reflect whatever our latest offer is. So that's certainly what the reserve reflects or something very close to our latest offer. But I also think it's worth noting that the gap between our offer and the government's demand has narrowed quite considerably. And I think we view ourselves certainly on the monetary issue to be close to agreement on a final number with the government.  There obviously are other issues to be negotiated along with that including release terms and a compliance agreement and the end of kind of all the spectrum of investigations. But we would hope that the monetary piece of this is sort of the most difficult and that once we can agree on that the other items will fall into place in short order, although that's always difficult to predict with the government. So, I think it's difficult for us to project any sort of precise time frame here. But we are certainly optimistic that on the core monetary issue, we are close to a settlement with the government.
Josh Raskin: Got you. Definitely a change in tone then, I guess. And then just on the acute care side. I'm curious, are you seeing any changes in trend around CapEx spending by competitors in any of your, let's call it the larger markets either new capacity whether that's inpatient or outpatient, are you seeing other sort of step up their spending as well?
Steve Filton: That is sometimes hard to say. I do believe you know particularly in our markets, that I think have shown relatively robust economic growth markets, again as I mentioned earlier, like Las Vegas, like Riverside County California, like the District of Columbia, some of our Florida markets, the North Dallas market, because I think they're growing markets, because we've done well in those markets. I think that for the most part, we're seeing our peers in those markets. Investing as well, but I think one of the reasons why we tend to be focused on making sure that we're maintaining our franchises in those markets and hopefully enhancing our market share positions is the idea that we want to make sure that we're not overtaken by our peers.  So I don't know, obviously we don't really have access to a lot of objective data about exactly how much is being spent in each of these markets. But my anecdotal sort of notion is that many of our peers, at least, those that can afford to are investing in the better markets. But I think we feel that we are maintaining our competitive position at least in every one of these markets.
Josh Raskin: Okay, perfect that's what I was looking for. Thanks Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Sarah James: Thank you. You've talked about the behavioral model yielding flat EBITDA in years for top line growth, 2% to 3.5% and more like 6% to 7% EBITDA achievable and a 5% top line year. I'm wondering if there are things that you can do on the supply side or other areas that would allow you to achieve EBITDA growth, even if top line is growing less than type person, thanks.
Steve Filton: So, I mean as a CFO, I always sort of have the position that we can always drive more efficiencies. Then we have, and that's certainly the message I deliver to operators. But the reality is, if you look at our behavioral business over the last several years is that even on relatively modest growth. We've maintained margins in the mid '20s, I think it would be unrealistic to expect quite candidly that until we can engineer or restore that and that sort of historical level of revenue growth at around the 5%, that add 2% or 3% growth. It's possible to really have any sort of measurable either margin expansion or EBITDA growth et cetera. We certainly strive for that and we strive to be as efficient as possible, but the nature of the operating model is that most of our costs are fixed and semi-fixed. So where you really generate the leverage in this model is through at least modest revenue growth, and until you get that it's hard. Again, I'm going to always say there, there are pockets of opportunity for greater efficiency. But I wouldn't say that there are, there is any low hanging fruit out there in terms of driving greater efficiencies.
Sarah James: Got it. That's understandable. What about on the acute side, are there initiatives under way with supply costs or scheduling that you could look to drive some improved leverage there or margin expansion on the acute side?
Steve Filton: Yes, I think the acute side is a different question. I think that there is an acknowledgment on our part and on the part of our operators as well as on I think observers in the industry, that there is a fair amount of duplication and some excess cost broadly in the acute industry and this is not specific to UHS. I think that the general view is that the real way to drive improvement there is through changes in the payment model, and those are certainly occurring slowly and we move, we're moving again incrementally away from the traditional fee-for-service reimbursement model to more of a what's called fee-for-value model. But, I think I would describe as more of a risk-based model. We disclosed in our 10-K for instance that we've agreed to participate in a number of additional bundled payment projects for Medicare. I think those will drive incentives and encourage sort of throughout the continuum more effective behavior and sort of a ringing out of costs and we are very focused on that. And I've talked about it for a number of years. So as the payment model changes, I do think that there is an opportunity on the acute side to drive more efficiencies and less variability in the system and that should be helpful and there'll be some card growing profitability in EBITDA and margins.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with BOA. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck : Great, thanks. Wanted to ask about the site revenue per patient day. It sounds like one of the factors is the Medicaid mix shift, which is likely to continue. It sounds like the next year or two, but at the other factor you mentioned was going back in network with some of the addiction centers. I guess, I don't ever really hearing a lot about that in the past, that's something that just happening now. When do that anniversary or is that going to be a longer-term headwind to pricing.
Steve Filton: We certainly have talked about that dynamic last couple of quarters, I don't know honestly that it has had a measurable impact on pricing before the fourth quarter. And so my sense and mostly because of the foundations' contribution to our overall behavioral performance is still relatively small, I don't know that over time, it will have a real dampening effect on our revenue per day, which is why I said earlier, Kevin that I think our longer-term view is that the behavioral pricing should be in that kind of 2% to 2.5% a day range and the reality is over most of the last couple years, we've been hitting that range, if not somewhat exceeding it, and I think as we looked at some of the factors affecting Q4, they were a bit anomalous and don't really expect them to continue at the same level of magnitude.
Kevin Fischbeck : So would you say that, so the 2019 is going to be below that number in your guidance?
Steve Filton: Below...
Kevin Fischbeck : 2% to 2.5%
Steve Filton: No no. I think that effectively, what we are really projecting, when we're projecting 2% to 3% revenue growth in 2019. We're essentially saying that that will largely come from pricing and volumes are projected to be relatively flat in our guidance. Our hope would be we can exceed that, but that's what our guidance implies.
Kevin Fischbeck : Okay, great. And then just circling back on the labor cost issues and we have a business you talked about making progress there and where do you think you are in that progress, are you halfway through 2/3 of the way through, how is that shaping up?
Steve Filton: It's always a difficult question to answer, when posed that way, Kevin, in the sense that it sort of suggest sort of a linear process that we have X amount of openings at a point in time. And then, we were able to fill 50% of them or 75% or whatever. And the reality of it is, that we fill openings and we hire and we train people and then people leave and et cetera. It's a very fluid kind of a dynamic and particularly in a tight labor market, which I think the current labor market is appropriately characterized as.  So I think we've made a lot of progress since we began to talk about this issue in late 2015 or early 2016. But we also acknowledge that it remains a tight labor market, and there are still facilities where we have vacancies and in some cases, this is sort of a chronic problem, but certainly we don't have the level of closed beds and closed units that we had two or three years ago, you know and that tends to occur now on a much more sort of one-off basis, but again I think that providers in general and behavioral providers in particular are going to be facing and the issue of the labor shortage at both the nursing and the psychiatrist level will continue to be an issue for the foreseeable future as long as the labor market remains as tight as it is right now.
Kevin Fischbeck : Okay and then just last question. The new head of the sector is when you bring, whoever that is and, is there any change in direction or emphasis that you would expect the new person to bring in and does having a new head of that business in anyway help DOJ resolution? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, I think we have a point of view that we and I think folks who listen to our conference call et cetera, certainly have a good appreciation of this over the last several years, have faced some difficult operating challenges in the business and we've touched on those already in the call. The labor shortage is the pressure from our managed Medicaid payers increased competition, et cetera. And I think it's been difficult for all of our operators, including the head of the business segment to kind of taken a step back and think about how to grow this business over the kind of longer term, we believe very firmly that there isn't a very significant role for behavioral care in the future healthcare landscape. We also believe there is a growing demand for behavioral care. And I think all that is validated by much of the literature et cetera, that's being written about how to effectively deliver healthcare and in the future, et cetera and so I think we're hoping that with a new person sitting in that lead chair, that they'll have a bit more time to reflect on some of those longer-term issues and the longer-term growth opportunities in the business and in the meantime we remain and I think Alan's comment is, we remain at every level of the organization, both he, and I and Mark as well as a very capable staff senior and mid management behavioral leaders are very focused on sort of making the trains run on time and solving and addressing all those operating issues. But we would hope that a new person would really be able to do some things from a longer-term perspective, maybe we've neglected for the last year or two.
Kevin Fischbeck : Okay. And is there any implications for the settlement? Is having a new person in there clear the air at all or may change the timing in your view?
Steve Filton: No, I don't think that personnel change has anything to do with the DOJ investigation or settlement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Your line is open.
Steven Valiquette: Great, thanks, good morning. So, on this whole behavioral managed Medicaid issue regarding the shorter length of stay and the leverage you can maybe pull to try to offset this or mitigate the impact. I'm just curious about on the revenue side. Perhaps renegotiating contractual terms and diving a little bit deeper, is there any color around the notion where under value based care you could receive either bonus payments or just some sort of better compensation for having shorter length of stay, whether it's versus peers or some other metric. And shouldn't that kind of be the end goal to some degree, but just curious to get your thoughts on this concept of being rewarded for having shorter length of stay in behavioral. Thanks.
Steve Filton: So it's a good question. Steve, I think that there are payers who would make that argument. I think unfortunately, we have a point of view that length of stay has been viewed on the behavioral side of the business as a proxy for some sort of quality of care metric. And I think we feel that's a fundamentally flawed approach. At the end of the day, we have a point of view that length of stay is really a clinical determination that should be made by clinicians based on the clinical needs of a patient rather than the financial outcomes.  And so, I think we're reluctant to sort of promote a system that encourages anybody providers et cetera to really drive lower length of stay just to achieve a better financial result because at the end of the day, I think, we're concerned that sure changes the clinical needs of the patient. So, while I think there would be payers that would welcome that. I think that fundamentally, we prefer other measures of quality that we believe exist and we believe perfectly appropriate in terms of quality rewards and quality bonus payments, we think length of stay is the wrong measure for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citibank. Your line is open.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Morning, you mentioned a strong JV pipeline and the new build. I guess, can you just help frame the opportunity to Steve there and whether sort of contribution there is sort of an accelerant to growth or just sort of needed to get back to sort of the baseline that you talked about in that mid-single digit. And then you had the write-down on the addiction treatment center. Is that still an area of focus or opportunity or what's your interest maybe more broadly and generally around expanding service lines at this point. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I'm sorry, can you just remind me what the first half of your question was.
Ralph Giacobbe: I'm sure just the JV pipe...
Steve Filton: Yes. The JV pipeline. I'm sorry. We've talked about this a lot, I mean, I think, we think that the broadly the JV opportunity is a very significant opportunity somewhere around 50% or 55% of all the inpatient behavioral beds in the U.S. are today operated by acute care hospitals. And so to the degree that we can penetrate that market in some way by helping them manage those businesses by leasing those beds, by partnering with those acute care hospitals, by building new facilities with those acute care hospitals, as we've done in many of these instances, that's probably the single biggest domestic growth opportunity we have in the behavioral business. We've also acknowledge that you know despite our focused efforts, it's a relatively slow developing opportunity and will continue to be so. Now, we'll continue to focus on it and we'll continue to do those transactions that make economic sense, but it's hard sometimes to make the acute hospitals want to go or need to go faster than they're going at the current time. In the short run, then I think I kind of touched on this before the some of those projects can be a little bit of a drag. So in 2018, we opened joint venture with Lancaster new beds, we opened a new hospital win in Washington State with Providence Health Care.  That's a bit of a drag and in 2019 actually some of the improvement in Behavioral will come from the continued ramp up and growth in those facilities and there's not a lot of brand new facilities coming on in '19. So, there's not much of a drag, but ultimately over time And again, when I say over time in this case, I'm really talking about a timeframe of four, five, seven years, I think, we think it's a very significant growth opportunity and one that positions us, I think even more importantly as a partner with not for profit acute care hospitals around the country in a way that we may be able to lever in other service areas.  As far as you're, question about the addiction treatment business, I mean in general, I think we are taking a pause on expanding again what I'll sort of call this a new style model that characterize Foundations Recovery Network of direct-to-consumer marketing, travel-for-treatment, that sort of issue. In general, we acknowledge that addiction illness particularly opioid addiction, but quite frankly addiction elements of all sorts, continues to be a growing phenomenon in the country and needs to be treated. It can be treated in many ways in our old model, which is sort of not a direct-to-consumer marketing, but a referral source marketing kind of an aspect. So, we'll continue to take advantage of that in terms of other service lines as best as I can tell, Ralph. We have probably the broadest service line offerings of any inpatient behavioral provider in the country that spans general psychiatric treatment, geropsych treatment for the elderly for diseases like Alzheimer's and Dementia, autism, eating disorders, all kinds of sort of niche behavioral treatment. So we're certainly open to expansion, but there aren't a whole lot of behavioral illness is that we don't already treat somewhere in our portfolio.
Ralph Giacobbe: Yes, that makes sense. I was asking more about sort of if that gave you a pause on any of that, but it doesn't sound like it does. And then just a follow-up question you typically breakout the performance. Some of your bigger markets on the acute care side, I know behavioral isn't as concentrated, but can you give us a sense, you even by market or maybe even as you look at the broad portfolio in terms of what percentage is really underperforming. I guess I'm really just trying to get a sense of whether it's a small percentage of facilities really driving the softness or if it really is sort of a broader pressure that you're seeing across all your markets? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean the math is such Ralph that, you know the reality is our two business segments are about the same size from a revenue perspective, but obviously we have a much smaller number of acute care facilities and those facilities tend to be more concentrated than they are on the behavioral side. So we certainly talk always about the Las Vegas market and it's hard, I don't know that there's another, I'm certain that there isn't another public acute care company, that has sort of a market presence comparable or market contribution comparable to that. But on the behavioral side, we generate roughly the same amount of revenue, but with a much larger number of 200 plus domestic facilities.  It's really impossible for any one facility or really even any one market to have the same sort of measurable and material impact that allows Vegas does on the acute side which is why we really never talk about kind of individual markets for the most part on the behavioral side, I think you sort of your question about sort of what percentage of the hospitals are underperforming et cetera, my general sense is that in a portfolio of 200 plus hospitals, it's always going to be sort of like a bell curve, where there's going to be a small number of outperformers and a small number of underperformers and the vast majority of hospitals are going to be in that large, middle and in that large middle. I think we have a point of view that the issues that we've discussed over the last few years, labor shortages, managed Medicaid, length of stay pressure, increased competition, there are issues that are being felt by a relatively wide array of facilities and are not particularly focused on a specific market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter [indiscernible] with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst : Good morning, guys, thanks for taking my questions. A few quick ones here. Following up on AJs acute bed question, you grew beds in the fourth quarter by 3.4% and what percentage of your 5% to 6% revenue guide in the acute business [indiscernible] and as you look at the supply versus demand in your markets, how confident are you that these bed additions can continue over the next few years?
Steve Filton: So, I tend to think about the capital investment in the Acute business, not so much on a bed basis. I think that's a relatively kind of dated way of looking at the business, which is not to say again, we certainly have added beds and I think that's a reflection of our ability to want to meet demand, but we've also are spending a lot of money to increase emergency room capacity and to increase surgical capacity at many of our hospitals and other service lines as well, particularly in what I would describe as sort of the high-end service lines like Cardiology and Orthopedics and Neurosurgery. At the end of the day, and again, to be fair, Peter. I don't know that I have a precise number because I think it's difficult to really parse it to that level, but you know what I was trying to say earlier is that of our 5% or 6% Acute Care revenue growth some of it may be 1% or 2%. I do believe is really being driven by this increased capital spending, not just on beds, but again on the other items that I talked about, but it's very difficult to say, when you add a bed or you add five more ER days or you add another operating room, exactly what the contribution of the incremental investment is because this capacity effectively becomes fungible.
Unidentified Analyst : Okay, fair enough. On the behavioral side of the business, you guys did a great job with the mission is to offset length of stay pressures. How sustainable do you think that 5% admission growth is? And is there any margin impact from having more patients stay for shorter period of time?
Steve Filton: Yes, look, I think we've conceded that a shorter length of stay is a bit more of an operational challenge, which I think is probably intuitive to people who think about it that turning over patients more quickly requires a bit more of an effort, etcetera. But we also acknowledge that to some degree, that's the way the business is headed. And so we will deal with that, I think we have a point of view it again sort of harkening back to an earlier exchange I had that 5% revenue growth at some point is and restoring that number is not unrealistic continues to be in our minds, very achievable. We think of that as sort of, you know 2.5% to 3% volume growth and 2.5% to 3% admission, pricing growth rather depending on what happens to length of stay that will drive sort of what the required admission growth will have to be to get to that level, but again I think we have a point of view that in the relatively near or intermediate term 2% or 2.5% patient day growth should not be unrealistic and would be consistent with what we've run for an extended period of time historically.
Unidentified Analyst : All right. And then last question on the behavioral leadership. Have you had any increased turnover at the divisional or other management levels since Debbie left?
Steve Filton: We've lost a couple of people to Acadia since Debbie left, I'll make the point that in the normal course with UHS and Acadia being the largest certainly for profit behavioral providers in the country, there is always a flow of personnel at various levels of hospital and regional levels back and forth between the two companies. So, it's always, it's hard for me to say that that's terribly unusual, but it's only been a couple of people.
Unidentified Analyst : Thanks so much.
Alan Miller: We just hired somebody from Acadia yesterday.
Unidentified Analyst : Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo from UBS. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Whit Mayo: Hi, thanks. I wanted to go back to the supplemental program question and just rip in the headwinds that you've called out in your 10-K. Just to be clear, there are also some tailwinds that you have coming with federal dish, a much favorable IPPS update that should more than offset those headwinds. Correct. And is there a number that you could size for what you think your Medicare dishes this year?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, the impact of the Medicare decision and thanks for reminding me Whit and others. I think we've talked about on previous calls, but it's probably in that $18 million to $20 million annual range for us, it begins in October of '18, but over the federal fiscal year it's about an $18 million to $20 million benefit. Obviously that's embedded in our guidance as well.
Whit Mayo: Right. And then you've got an incremental pickup with your IPPS update that could be another what? Another $10 million or $15 million or so? 
Steve Filton: Correct.
Whit Mayo: Yes. And coming into 2018, when I go back and look at your 10-K, you predicted that you would see a $30 million headwind to all of these state programs, and it actually came in much higher. I think you said $156 million, you recorded over $200 million. Before that you expected $145 million coming into 2017 became came $40 million higher than your 10-K disclosure. So I guess I wanted to understand how you come up with this forecast? Because it almost always has an upward bias. And I don't think investors probably appreciate how fluid some of the calculations are inside these programs.
Steve Filton: Yes, and it's a reasonable point where and I think it gets back to what I think it was the conversation that I was having with Steve Tanal earlier in the call. What we're able to do at the time we gave our guidance is based on what states current model is we project what we think are our impact or benefit is going to be. But often that model changes, often they sort of have interpretive changes or whatever and there are some underlying changes to our or some changes to our underlying business that are difficult to project. But, yes, I think it's much more of this sort of states changing their models that we often cannot predict. And so I do think we take a little bit of a conservative approach when we project that at the beginning of the year.
Whit Mayo: Yes, now I agree. And can we go back to some of the 2018 behavioral headwinds? I just want to make sure that we're all in the same page with the numbers for the hurricane, regulatory challenges, wildfires. Is there any way to maybe size each individual bucket, so that we're all thinking the same numbers?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean the things that I would call out and at least I called them out sort of by item earlier, I mean the continued improvement at the Lancaster and Spokane, de novos, the Gulfport acquisition that was done at the very end of last year. The turnaround in those three facilities is probably $8 million or $9 million benefit going into '19 having a full year of the Danshell acquisition in the UK is probably another $4 million or $5 million in '19. The Hurricane, Florida Hurricane and California fire impact is probably $7 million to $9 million drag in the second half of '18 and then the regulatory facility challenges that we had early in '18 would probably another $5 million or $6 million. And I think all those things have been clearly discussed and delineated people want to go back and check the numbers, but that's kind of my recounting of it, at least Whit.
Whit Mayo: No, that's perfect. That's all I got. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Frank Morgan: Good morning. Most of mine have been asked, but just, Steve, you mentioned CapEx in your guidance. Could you tell us what your implied cash flow from ops would be on that guidance for 2019?
Steve Filton: I think our free cash flow in '18, Frank was sort of close to $800 million and basically I think the free cash flow guidance for '19 is sort of, it came to that with a slight growth in EBITDA.
Frank Morgan: Okay. And then finally, just any color around the surgical volumes, inpatient, outpatient as well as ED business and I'll hop. Thank you.
Steve Filton: As it is in most periods, I think surgical volumes have grown pretty consistently with that 2% or with whatever the admission growth is. So, and in Q4, that 2% admission growth sort of would imply and I think is what we ran kind of 2% to 3% surgical volume growth, both on the in and outpatient side. And we, I think we have time, maybe for one more question.
Operator: Certainly, your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gary Taylor: Hi, thank you. Mine will be really quick, because I think you've answered everything. I just wanted to go back and clarify one thing. Stephen, just make sure I understand it. So when you were talking about how you built guidance for the year and you talked about behavioral and I think you're suggesting that you still kind of view that business is running 2% to 3% top line with flattish EBITDA, but because of a number of idiosyncratic factors the number which you were just discussing with Whit, the actual behavioral EBITDA growth guidance is plus 3% to 3.5% for 2019. Is that all correct?
Steve Filton: I think that is all correct, Gary.
Gary Taylor: Okay, perfect. That's all I have. Thank you.
Alan Miller: Okay. We like to thank everybody for your time and look forward to talking to everybody again after the first quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Filton - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Alan Miller - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Josh Raskin - Nephron Ann Hynes - Mizuho Securities Sarah James - Piper Jaffray Steven Valiquette - Barclays Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners Justin Lake - Wolfe Research Gary Taylor - JP Morgan
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jessa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UHS Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  Thank you. Mr. Steve Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve Filton : Thank you, Jessa. Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. We welcome you to walk this review of Universal Health Services' results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2018.  During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast, projections, and forward-looking statements.  For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, our reported net income attributable to UHS during the third quarter of 2018 was $171.7 million or $1.84 per diluted share as compared to $141.2 million or $1.47 per diluted share during the third quarter of 2017.  As calculated on the Supplemental Schedule, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS was during the third quarter of 2018 was $200.8 million or $2.23 per diluted share as compared to $143.4 million or $1.49 per diluted share during the third quarter of last year.  Excluded from our adjusted net income during the third quarter of 2018 was an unfavorable after-tax impact of $37.1 million or $0.39 per diluted share substantially all of which related to an increase in the reserve recorded in connection with our ongoing discussions with the Department of Justice as discussed in our press release.  On a same-facility basis, in our Acute division, revenues during the third quarter of 2018 increased 6.7% over last year's comparable quarter. Excluding the health plan, same-facility revenues increased 8.1%. The increased revenues resulted primarily from a 1.5% increase in adjusted admissions and a 6.6% increase in revenue per adjusted admission.  On a same-facility basis, net revenues in our Behavioral Health division increased 2.5% during the third quarter of 2018, as compared to the third quarter of 2017. During this year's third quarter, as compared to last year's, adjusted admissions to our Behavioral Health facilities owned for more than a year increased 4.7% and adjusted patient days increased 0.6%.  Revenue per adjusted admission decreased 1.9% and revenue per adjusted patient day increased 2.1% during the third quarter of 2018 as compared to the comparable prior year quarter. Based upon the operating trends and financial results experienced during the first nine months of 2018, we are narrowing our estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2018 to $9.25 to $9.60 per diluted share from the previously provided range of $9.25 to $9.90 per diluted share.  This provides estimated guidance range which excludes the favorable impact of the reserve established in the unfavorable impact of the reserve established in connection with the civil aspects of the government’s investigation of certain of our Behavioral facilities and also excludes the impact of ASU 2016-09 decreases the upper end of the previously provided range by approximately 3% while the lower end of the range remains unchanged.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2018, our net cash provided by operating activities increased to $975 million from $879 million generated during the comparable nine-month period of 2017. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased slightly to 54 days during the third quarter of 2018 as compared to 53 days during the third quarter of 2017. At September 30, 2018, our ratio of debt-to-total capitalization declined to 42.9% as compared to 45.4% at September 30, 2017. We spent $151 million on capital expenditures during the third quarter of 2018 and $521 million during the first nine months of 2018. Year-to-date, we have added 76 new acute care beds and 313 new beds to our busiest Behavioral Health hospitals.  In addition, earlier this month, we opened the 100 bed Inland Northwest Behavioral Health Hospital a joint venture with Provident Health in Spokane, Washington and next week plan to open the 80 bed Palm Point Behavioral Health Hospital in Titusville, Florida. Our behavioral health integrations, joint venture pipeline is very strong and robust with over 30 active discussions.  In conjunction with our stock repurchase program, during the third quarter of 2018, we repurchased approximately 940,000 shares of our stock at an aggregate cost of approximately $118 million or approximately $125 per share. Since inception of the program through September 30, 2018, we’ve repurchased approximately 9.45 million shares at an aggregate cost of $1.09 billion or approximately $115 per share. We are pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matthew Borsch: Hi, yes, I want to just ask on the behavioral side of the business. If you could talk a little bit about the rates that it looks like there was a little rate pressure or at least maybe the rate due to the rate mix that you are getting was a little over than what we had modeled.
Steve Filton: Yes, so, Matt, I am not exactly sure what metrics you are focusing on to arrive at that conclusion. Obviously our revenue per adjusted admission was down 2% in the quarter. But that, I think is a function of reduced length of stay rather than any sort of rate pressure.
Matthew Borsch : Okay.
Steve Filton: Yes, our revenue per adjusted patient day is up about 2% and honestly that’s kind of at the higher range of our expectation. So, again, that revenue per adjusted admission, I think is a function of length of stay and honestly that was what I think prevented us from – [Inaudible] the quarter because our overall same-store adjusted admissions on the Behavioral side in Q3 were quite robust, almost 5% and we were pretty encouraged by that number.  But unfortunately, lot of that benefit was mitigated by the length of stay pressure and I think that pressure is largely related to the dynamics that we’ve been discussing for any number of quarters now which is the continued shift of patients from – for additional Medicare and Medicaid programs to managed Medicare and Medicaid programs mostly on the Medicaid side. 
Matthew Borsch : Okay. What do you do about that? I mean, is it, does that’s going to be a continuing dynamic obviously?
Steve Filton: Yes, I think that’s a fair observation. Obviously, there is not much we can do about that overall shift of patients that’s taking place outside of, sort of our ability to impact. What we are doing, I think is, and have been doing is trying to develop as much non-Medicaid business as we can and also, within all of our payer groups working hard to have the appropriate clinical documentation and appropriate processes, so that, we are getting that the appropriate length of stay as we’ve clinically justified for all of our patients. 
Matthew Borsch : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tanal from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Stephen Tanal : Good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, just following up on that, thinking about the Behavioral segment, obviously, we were sort of hoping you guys will get back to a 5% type same-store revenue number for the segment and it didn’t obviously occur. But the compare did a little easier in Q4.  But I guess, just bigger picture, I’d like to know how you are thinking about that revenue target now and what that would mean for the sort of growth algorithm or the EBITDA algorithm as you guys have framed in the past?
Steve Filton: Sure, Steve, I mean, look at it, I am sure as you understand, I mean, from our internal perspective, we continue to working terribly focused and disciplined way on improving that behavioral same-store revenue growth dynamic in all the ways that we’ve discussed over the last several quarters.  But, I think we also acknowledge that we’ve created this sort of 5% target and now disappointed a couple of times both sort of internally and externally. So, I think what we have assumed for our fourth quarter guidance is I think largely a repeat of Q3 and relatively flattish behavioral EBITDA in Q4.  And in terms of when we give our 2019 guidance at the end of February, we will give considerable thought to how we are thinking about the trajectory of that revenue growth in the behavioral business.  I think our long-term point of view has not changed at all. I think we think that 5% is a reasonable goal. I think we believe that the underlying demand remains robust. I think we believe that the same-store admission growth metrics in Q3 support that view of the world.  But how quickly we are able to get to that 5% and over what period of time and what the trajectory is, I think at the moment, we are going to take a step back and think about how we establish those targets going forward. 
Stephen Tanal : Got it. Understood. And just one on the acute side as well. The biggest surprise I think for us certainly was the 6x jump in same-store revenue per adjusted admission and I am trying to think about all the different puts and takes a limelight that would capture.  One of the ones I wanted to ask, we don’t see as much anymore, it’s just in the bad debt front now. What are you seeing there? Was that materially better year-on-year and could that have possibly helped?
Steve Filton: So, to your point, I mean, honestly I do think there are a number of kind of puts and takes and dynamics that are pushing that number upward in Q3. The comparison to last year’s third quarter was pretty easy for the acute segment in large part because we had a hurricane impact in Q3 of last year, particularly in our Florida facilities. So that was helpful in the year-over-year comparison.  The continued ramp up of our newer hospital in Las Vegas, the Henderson facility was quite strong in Q3 so that was helpful. And then we had $10 million to $12 million of California UPL, all related to 2018 that we recorded in the third quarter that had we know and everything we knew in Q3, we could have and probably, appropriately would have recorded more ratably over the first three quarters of 2018.  So that made, the first two quarters look a little softer and the third quarter look a little stronger. I think even after you account for all sort of those dynamics, it was still a very strong acute care quarter and we were pleased the question that you ask specifically about bad debt and sort of the amount of uninsured patients.  I don’t think that’s having a big impact. I think we found that over the last several quarters our payer mix including the amount of uninsured patients has remained pretty stable. So, I don’t know that that’s having a material impact on the revenue growth one way or the other. 
Stephen Tanal : Perfect, and maybe just one follow-up on that and then – when we started the year, you were in the three ranges, pretty strong and I’d say I remember correctly you kind of saw at that, you weren’t sure that that sort of level was sustainable or that it looked a little bit high obviously and your peers are doing similar type numbers. How should we think about the sustainability now? Do you feel like there is a better trend here that could carry into 2019?
Steve Filton: Yes, and I am guessing Steve, that you are asking about the acute business.
Stephen Tanal : Yes. 
Steve Filton: So, we’ve said for some time that kind of post-ACA benefit and post-economic recovery, we think a reasonable and sustainable model for our acute care business segment is, 5% or 6% revenue growth and 6% or 7% EBITDA growth. I think we find that our acute care results can be a little bit choppier and more volatile.  But I think over time, if you look at the nine months for instance for the nine month results for 2018, I think we are largely hitting those kinds of numbers and I think that that’s our expectation going forward. Q3 was a real solid quarter. We are very pleased with it. But, I think the idea that we can just stay in that sort of growth going forward I think is a bit unrealistic. 
Stephen Tanal : Got it. Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice : Hello everyone. Couple questions. First is a follow-up on that comment about the California UPL. So if you had $10 million to $12 million that you accrued in the third quarter, and some of that related to the first two quarters, is it fair to say that roughly $10 million was related to the first two quarters.  And then second, I guess on that, I am assuming that was in your thinking about your original guidance and you just wasn’t clear which quarter it would come in. Is that the way to think about it? 
Steve Filton: Yes, I think that’s fair, A.J. And yes, I think you are right, I mean, basically two-thirds of the amount related to the first half of the year. 
A.J. Rice : Okay. Let me go back to the length of stay question, maybe drill down a little bit on that in Behavioral. There is a couple factors I think that are having an impact here. Obviously, we have the easing of the IMD exclusions related to Medicaid, managed care that went effective to summer of 2016, I know not every state, accepted that timeframe to start and then some, it seemed like there was a little bit of a lag into how that rolled out.  But I think that’s affected length of stay, because that’s driven more Medicaid managed care people going away. Then you add some states that really were on a managed Medicaid, but didn’t include Behavioral now decide in the last year or two to include Behavioral, I am assuming that’s part of what’s going on here.  And then the third thing would be, that the same managed care plans might pressure you more on length of stay this year than last year, but you might not have a stable number even with the same plan on a year-to-year basis.  Of those three buckets, can you sort of walk us through where you are at and it seems like at least the first to you ought to anniversary this at some point in the next few quarters. And I wonder if that’s your opinion. Any color on that would be helpful.
Steve Filton: I think most of what you said A.J., we would agree with. The IMD, the listing of the IMD exclusion created a kind of bolus and an incremental increase in managed Medicaid patients. But there is just naturally as well as continued shift in various states from traditional Medicaid programs to managed Medicaid programs.  And, we have said consistently that, our managed Medicaid and it’s equally true honestly of our managed Medicare population tends to have a shorter length of stay than the traditional corresponding population, not surprisingly the managed payers just tend to manage utilization and particularly length of stay more aggressively than the traditional programs did.  And I think, I would also agree with your comment that there is a natural sort of floor to the length of stay as a result of those issues and we would argue that for I think two reasons, one is simply, because, at this point a majority of our patients on the Medicaid side, somewhere around 65% or 70% of our patients are already in managed programs.  So, at some point, that will anniversary and there will be no further shift. Obviously, it has to max at a 100%, it may max before or not all patients may ultimately shift. But, I think what our current results reflect is we are not at that point yet. We are that – there are still no further patients to shift. The one sort of statement that you may have had that I would object, that’s probably too strong a word.  But just correct somewhat is to say that, within our payer classes, we are not really seeing dramatic changes in payer mix. Within managed Medicaid, our length of stay remains relatively stable within traditional Medicaid, within managed Medicare and within traditional Medicare and within commercial, our length of stay remains relatively fixed, so, and stable. So, we are not seeing changes. It’s really this shifting population that’s creating the length of stay pressure. 
A.J. Rice : Okay. And my final real quick will be just on the cash flow. Good solid cash flow again this quarter. Are you – you got some development projects in the development pipeline, you’ve got obviously your leverage, you get almost, are you still having some room to take that off even and then you got the share repurchase which looks consistent with what you did last quarter.  Any update on what your thinking is around capital deployment and priorities? 
Steve Filton: No, again, I think I would say and echo what we’ve probably said in the past. I think we feel like, we have a lot of internal organic opportunities building new beds in our behavioral segment in both kind of de novo developments like the Palm Point project that I mentioned in my remarks or the Spokane development reflective of our joint venture integration efforts.  On the acute side, we’ve been extremely successful with our capacity expansion, not only the new Henderson Hospital in Las Vegas, but just new beds and new surgical, the New York capacity which we’ve built in almost all of our facilities in Las Vegas and in a number of other markets. So, our CapEx number has been ramping up and I think we’ll continue to probably ramp up some as we continue to identify these projects that are yielding solid returns.  We look at other inorganic opportunities. Those are a little bit harder to predict. We also find our own stock to be a compelling value at the moment and we bought what we believe to be a decent number of shares in the third quarter and I think that activity will continue as well. So, I think that, it’s more of the same and I think we view more of the same as a good thing in a sense that these are all good opportunities for us and we like the potential returns that they are going to yield on. 
A.J. Rice : Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Frank Morgan : Good morning. On the topic of development activity, just curious, are you seeing more development activity from competitors out in the local market in terms of de novo developments? What’s your assessment of the competitive environment for new capacity and niches in Behavioral? 
Steve Filton: Okay, I was going to ask that. Yes, so, look, I think we’ve said in over the last few quarters in response to similar questions, Frank, definitely in many of our markets, we have seen new Behavioral capacity, new beds, new facilities, new outpatient facilities et cetera. At the end of the day, I think we have said that, I don’t know that we feel like it’s diminished the overall demand.  And again, I think the admission growth that we experienced in the quarter is reflective of the fact that the underlying demand is still strong. But, it definitely affects our building and recruit qualified clinicians, nurses, psychiatrists, non-professionals, et cetera. So it is certainly a more competitive environment with more capacity out there.  I don’t think in our minds, it has changed or really diminished the underlying or our underlying ability to create the sort of traditional level of demand. But definitely there is more capacity out there. 
Frank Morgan : Got you. One more now, and I will hop back in the queue. Just noticed that obviously the charge – the incremental charge on the DOJ, for the DOJ investigation, just curious if you could give us any more color on how close you may – do you think we might be here and how did we come up with this number that we took in the quarter? Thanks. 
Steve Filton: I mean, I think, we’ve again said, fairly consistently that our reserve is reflective of our most recent offer to the government. That remains the case. I think obviously, those who are following this and then I know many are carefully, the increases to our reserves are coming more frequently and in bigger chunks and view it as a good thing.  I think it’s reflective of the fact that this – our settlement and negotiations with the government are meaningful that pace of them has picked up. The gap between where our offers and the government demands are has narrowed and we are optimistic or hopeful that that means that we can reach a resolution that this is relatively soon.  But as we’ve said, I think every quarter it’s difficult to predict that end game with precision because we do largely proceed at the pace of the government said. So, I think that pace has picked up and we are encouraged by that and are hopeful for a resolution soon. But difficult to predict exactly how and when and the amount of that would be with precision at least at the moment. 
Frank Morgan : Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, thanks. Want to go back to an earlier question about pricing. I guess, your 2% pricing on a patient care basis is I guess not a bad number. But if this below the 2.5% to 3.5% number you’ve been seeing in the last four quarters or so? So, I guess, when you think about it going forward, 2% is kind of the right number to think about going forward there?
Steve Filton: Yes, and it’s a fair question, Kevin. I mean, if you think about it, when we gave our original guidance for the year and that 5% revenue growth, we actually imagine that that would consist of 3% to 4% volume and 1% to 2% price. You made the point accurately that we’ve been on the high-end and if not frankly over the high end of the pricing range or maybe closer to 2.5%.  I think we have a point of view that, that number will moderate a little bit as we’ve discussed some of that impact is a result of our transitioning residential beds to acute beds that have a higher level of revenue and there is a cap to that, because we don’t have that many or our percentage of residential beds is getting to be relatively small.  So, yes, I think, now that as we think about it, we think that sort of ultimate model and again I am not going to going to say when we are going to get there, but that ultimate model of 5% revenue growth is probably now, we think about more as like 2.5% to 3.5% volume and 1.5% to 2.5% price.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, that’s helpful. And then, do you sense that in Q4 you kind of expect a relatively similar performance in the behavioral business as far as it sounds like same-store revenue growth and then relatively flat EBITDA which was kind of you did that sound a little bit from a larger perspective.  But I was surprised that with the same-store revenue growth decelerating being 2.5%, you actually saw some of the best margin performance you’ve seen over the last year. So is there anything coming on in the cost side that you are now able to achieve margins relatively flat even if you only growing same-store revenue 2.5% to 3%. I think, you, in the past, you’ve talked about a higher same-store revenue growth number that you needed to maintain margins. 
Steve Filton: Yes, so, I think it’s a couple of things, Kevin. It’s a good question. I think to some degree, as you know, we’ve been talking about labor and wage pressure for several years now. I think sooner and maybe more frequently than many of our peers. And I think to a degree we are seeing some of that impact start to level out and anniversary out where maybe others are just starting to feel that a bit more acutely.  That’s I think a piece of it. The other thing is, I think it’s just a credit to our operators and I have certainly have made this comment on previous calls, I think, in a tough revenue environment, where revenues are not growing as much as we would have liked and maybe would have expected.  I think our operators have managed the business generally very efficiently and with great care and I think that, the EBITDA results and the EBITDA growth is reflective of that. So I think it’s a combination of those two items. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Is that something that’s sustainable or is that something where you kind of compare when you identified whatever the number is $10 million, $20 million of savings, but then, do you anniversary that at some point and you’ll need to be growing? 
Steve Filton: The model is not perfect. So, I would say that at around 3%, 3.5% same-store revenue growth on the Behavioral side, EBITDA should be flattish. And again, I think there will be quarters where we do a little better than that and quarters where we do a little bit worse than that and then as we get above that, I think you start to see some EBITDA growth and some EBITDA – some margin expansion rather.  So, again, I think the levels that we are producing, the level of growth correlated to the revenue that we are producing right now is about the best we can do. I don’t know that we can sustain that. But I don’t know that’s going to vary dramatically from where we are today. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then I guess a last question. When you think about getting to that 5% number on the Behavioral side, how much of it is stuff that might be within your control? Whether tying new beds, recruiting labor, or doing better documentation as you described. How much of it is just kind of getting to the point where you anniversary some of the more structural headwind to the business? 
Steve Filton: So, I think that the elements or the dynamic that is most out of our control is that sort of continued shift of patients out of traditional Medicare and Medicaid programs into the managed Medicare and Medicaid programs. Those decisions are being made by the states et cetera and we really have little impact on that. Having said that, I think there are a bunch of other dynamics.  And I think you picked through a few of them that are within our control we can try and alter our patient mix, we can build new capacity to find sources of new patients and in some cases to sort of reconfigure our patient mix. We can work hard to justify longer lengths of stay where it’s clinically appropriate with the number of our payers.  We can explore accepting more both medically and psychiatrically acute patients. We can do all those things. But again, the point that you raise I think is a valid one. I mean, the one thing we can do is sort of hold back the tide of these patients who are moving from traditional programs to managed programs. That will continue although obviously as I noted before, there is sort of a natural limit to that as well. No more than a 100% of our Medicare patients can be managed, no more than a 100% of our Medicaid patients can be managed. And in both cases, we are well past the 50% mark. 
Kevin Fischbeck: And I guess, when we look at Acadia who is growing above that 5% rate in the U.S. they are obviously doing something operationally that’s allowing them to overcome some of these structural headwinds. Do you kind of look at the items. Do you guess there is no reason why at some point in time we can’t achieve 5% even if these headwinds remain where they are or is part of it just getting to a better comp?
Steve Filton: Yes, it’s a little hard question to answer when I am asked for real specific sort of comparisons with our peers, since obviously, I have little detail and little insight into their detail. I guess, my reaction has been one of the challenges or couple of the challenges that we have faced over the last several years in our Behavioral division, from a labor shortage perspective is very geographically specific.  And when we talk about the markets where our labor challenges have been the greatest, we know that Acadia does not have as nearly a significant a footprint in some cases no presence in those markets.  And the same thing with some of the managed Medicaid issues that we faced. We talked about some of the states that have been most problematic for us and then we look at an Acadia map, we see that they haven’t necessarily have a significant presence in those locations.  So, I think that’s an aspect of it. So, again, I think all – what we are really focused on is what we can do in our markets and in our hospitals and don’t spend a ton of time analyzing what others are doing because, again, the one thing we can’t really change is the location of our hospital. So to the degree that issues are geographically centric, we are just going to try and deal with those issues where we have them. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Ralph Giacobbe : Thanks, good morning. I wanted to go back to the behavioral side, Steve. The admission number did accelerate, is there anything you can point to whether it be the full channel, IMD opioid epidemic the alleviation of staffing challenges.  Just trying to get a better sense of sort of the pick up there and then the other side of it, I do want to go back to length of stay, I think the challenge is, the much deeper deceleration in this quarter, that’s sort of hard to grasp.  The shift from traditional to manage, isn’t anything new. So, are there anything to callout that’s maybe disproportionate impact by stay, if you can call out any states that just sort of would make it worse for the pressure in the third quarter than what we’ve already been seeing as sort of a continued pressure. Thanks. 
Steve Filton: Yes, I am going to answer the second question first. And then maybe come back and ask to repeat the first question. Yes, I mean, we would agree that the shift of patients from traditional to managed programs is nothing terribly new.  I do think that in some of the states in which we operate, we’ve seen the pace of that pick up, we’ve talked about Florida, Illinois, Kentucky being among those sort of geographies where that’s been more of a concern. So, and I apologize, Ralph. But can you just repeat the first part of your question? 
Ralph Giacobbe : Yes, it was actually sort of the positive side of the equation. The admission number did accelerate. So…
Steve Filton: Got it, I got it. Yes, so, two things. I mean, to be fair, the comparisons and I think we knew this going into the quarter were relatively easy compared to last year’s third quarter. We had a hurricane impact in a number of our behavioral facilities in the third quarter of last year. So, there is a little bit of built-in improvement there.  But I think the other piece of that and we’ve been talking for any number of quarters, I think the other big piece is, I do think we made a lot of progress on the labor front. We don’t have nearly as many – what we describe as cap edge or closed units because of the – a lack of qualified staff. So, I think that’s the real underlying improvement is the strides we’ve made in the labor shortage area. 
Ralph Giacobbe : Okay. And then, just a follow-up. The implied 4Q guidance suggests EBITDA down I think low to probably mid-single-digits. Maybe help us with the decline there. I think you mentioned the behavioral side sort of flat.  So, it would sort of imply a steeper decline within acute and obviously come off of a strong acute front. So anything there? And then the last piece of that question is just, your all-in Medicare rate, could you just remind us what that shook out for fiscal 2019 and how it compares to 2018? Thanks. 
Steve Filton: Yes, so, I think that, our view of the fourth quarter and what’s embedded in our guidance is a relatively flattish view of EBITDA. So on the behavioral side, I think that’s kind of just a continuation of where we’ve been and on the acute side, I think it is premised on the idea that the fourth quarter of last year was extremely strong.  And we called out a number of – sort of call it a non-recurring items, we called out the $11 million to $12 million flu impact from a very strong flu season last year, we called out $6 million or $7 million of California UPL in the fourth quarter of last year. So, we started out, I think in Q4 if you eliminate those items I’ll call it $16 million or $17 million in the whole.  I think we presume, we will make that up and that’s probably kind of 4% or 5% growth in our acute care EBITDA. Because I still think the comparison is pretty tough even without those items. But cosmetically, I think it will be flattish EBITDA in the acute business and in the Behavioral business and I think that was sort of the core of our presumptions about Q4 guidance. 
Ralph Giacobbe : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Nephron. Please go ahead. 
Josh Raskin: Thanks, hi, good morning, Steve. First question is, on the acute care side, as well. I am just curious if you can give us an update on sort of outpatient facility growth. I guess, both from the UHS perspective but from the competitive perspective as well and maybe projects that you guys are working on and if that’s having any impact on the acute care’s strength this year?
Steve Filton: Yes, look, I think anybody who follows the acute care industry knows that the trend of outpatient and alternative site delivery has really accelerated over the last several years. We see our competitors doing that in our markets and we’ve responded in kind.  So I think we’ve talked about on previous calls, we’ve developed probably a dozen freestanding emergency rooms most of which are open and we probably have another sort of like amount that are sort of on the drawing board. We have a smaller number of urgent care centers.  We have a bunch of primary care physician locations and specialist locations in our markets, imaging centers and our strategy quite frankly in every market is really meant to be tailored to the specific market needs and competition.  So, we see all those dynamics and they are reflected I think or manifested in different ways in our results. So for instance, we’ve clearly seen our emergency room activity decline or visit numbers decline over the last several years.  But we have seen our emergency, or the admission from our emergency room continue to be quite strong and increase which I think reflects the fact that what’s happening is, those less acute, less intensive emergency room visits are effectively migrating out of the traditional acute care emergency room into these urgent care centers and clinics and retail pharmacy clinics et cetera.  And honestly, I think we view that as a positive development for everybody. It’s a better location of the care where it belongs. So, but we are participating in that outpatient development in our markets in a very rigorous way. 
Josh Raskin: I guess, more specifically, is that contributing to the strong growth in acute or is this more sort of we are keeping up with the markets dealing in your view?
Steve Filton: Yes, look, I think, I don’t know that I have a kind of a single answer to that, Josh. I mean, I do think, number one, it is a competitive response to some degree we have to do that to keep up. But I also believe that the sort of the strong continuum that we establish in markets like Las Vegas, like Riverside County California, really allows us to put up the sorts of growth numbers.  I don’t think we could have the acute care revenue growth numbers and the acute care volume growth numbers that we’ve put out for the last several years if we hadn’t developed this fairly aggressive outpatient in alternative care delivery strategy. I think we’d be losing business, I am losing market share if we weren’t doing that. 
Josh Raskin: Gotcha, gotcha. And then, just a second question, a separate topic. Obviously, a lot of focus on drug pricing and what more news yesterday and we are hearing about potential changes for Part B drugs and the hospital companies come together for generic manufacturing et cetera. I am curious, are you – just from your perspective, is that accelerating from a drug price perspective and how do you think – what’s your best method to sort of combat some of that growth?
Steve Filton: So, we – for the most part, I think rely on our group purchasing organization to – from a pricing perspective to negotiate the best contracts and the best pricing for us. But certainly, we had a significant focus on the operational side of that within our pharmacies managing to the most efficient formulary and the most efficient use of high cost drugs and whether they are oncology drugs or whatever it maybe.  So, it is a big focus of ours. I don’t know that I think we have a point of view that a kind of big impact on our acute care results one way or the other meaning I think we believe that our drug pricing has generally risen sort of consistently with our overall cost inflation. But it certainly is obviously it’s a big chunk of the overall hospital cost and something that we focus on a great deal. 
Josh Raskin: Okay, perfect. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Hynes from Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ann Hynes: Hi, thanks. So, for 2009, when we think about the outlook. I know you are not giving guidance. But is there any out of the ordinary headwinds or tailwinds we should consider for either business, like for example, I know, in acute care you are going to get an IPPS benefit. Can you remind us what that should be in 2019?  And on the Behavioral, I know you talked a lot on this call about the length of stay pressures and the state – your state exposure. But is there any state that you have exposure in now that maybe hasn’t got managed Medicaid and that maybe it will in 2019 that’s on your radar? Thanks. 
Steve Filton: So, Ann, I think as far as sort of the puts and takes for 2019 and again, I am certainly not prepared to give a kind of a comprehensive list, but obviously to the degree that we had any non-recurring items this year. I am sure people are sort of thinking about that going forward. You made the point I mean, I think we have and I don’t think I fully answered – I think it was Ralph who asked this question before.  We have I think our Medicare increase in the sort of 1.5% to 2% range for next year, as well as an increase in our Medicare dish payments, I think some people sort of throw the Medicare dish payments into the underlying rate which makes it more 2%, 2.5% rate increase. If you want to look at the dish benefits separately, I think it’s kind of a $15 million to $20 million benefit.  So that’s the tailwind I think into 2019 that actually starts in the fourth quarter of 2018. Other than that, there is nothing I think that we haven’t previously talked about. But at the moment, we would call out our highlights.  As far as the length of stay pressure goes, I mean, it is something that is tough for us to have a great deal of visibility on, because a lot of time it doesn’t takes place necessarily when the state moves from managed or traditional to managed, whether it’s Medicare or Medicaid, a lot of times Behavioral is sort of a separate carve out and the timing is different than it is for the rest of the book of – I’ll call it medical business. So, it’s a little bit hard to say.  I mean, we will make our best efforts when we give our 2019 guidance to call out particularly for states that were concerned about or have focused on, but at the moment, I don’t have any of that I would specifically identify. 
Ann Hynes: All right. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 
Sarah James : Thank you. I wanted to go back to the comments on wage pressure. So, the behavioral salary wages and benefits ratio is up about a 100 basis points year-over-year or 190 from 1Q, 2017. How much of that is targeted increases to reach staffing goals. How do you think about balancing the revenue opportunity of having more staff with the margin pressure of higher wages and how far along in the process are you in moving wages to the ideal rate on the psych side? Thanks. 
Steve Filton: Yes, I’d say, I don’t think it’s a finite process. So, it’s not like I think we have a point of view that where 50% of the way there, or 80% of the way there. I think we have a point of view that this is a constantly changing market dynamic that we are monitoring all the time.  The wages are the result of a competitive tension in a market and so, we are always evaluating and reevaluating base wages where always evaluating and reevaluating what others are doing regarding incentives, sign-on bonuses, retention bonuses, all kinds of nuance ways to approach labor recruitment and it may vary quite frankly by markets.  So, the point that you raised is certainly one that we can see that before which is, wage inflation is certainly higher today for both our behavioral business and our acute business than it was three or four years ago and that’s why we say that our underlying business model has changed.  So, it’s four years ago we might have said that 5% behavioral growth would yield 7% or 8% or 9% EBITDA growth and today I think we suggest that it would yield 6% or 7% EBITDA growth and I think the reason or the main variable there is the wage inflation.  But, again, this idea of sort of kind of looking at it at sort of a linear issue that where 60% of the way there, 80% of the way there or 100% of the way there, I think is the wrong way of looking at it, because particularly in this very tight labor environment, I think it’s going to be an ever changing dynamic. 
Sarah James : Okay, that’s helpful. Can you also update us on the JV that you have on the psych side where you manage the behavioral units for non-UHS hospitals and speak to whether or not the Baylor merger with Memorial Herman could present any opportunity for you to expand the Baylor JV?
Steve Filton: Yes, so, I am not going to comment on any specific opportunity. But, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have somewhere between two and three dozen active – I think we think fairly serious conversations ongoing with a number of acute care hospitals and some bigger acute care hospital systems and honestly in most of our big markets and in both Dallas and Houston are big markets for us we have conversations ongoing. So, we have, I think a very good relationship with Baylor.  So, from our perspective, we would view Baylor as a very positive kind of sort of referral source for us et cetera whether that makes sense towards Memorial Herman in Houston, I don’t know. But I think, if you know the mere fact that we’ve had some already successful joint ventures with Baylor is something that other not for profits around the country view as sort of favorable.  Same thing with our Providence joint ventures in Washington State. The fact that we’ve been able to do these projects with very large and well respected acute care hospital systems, I think is a real positive for us. 
Sarah James : And can you just remind us again on the economics of how those JVs work?
Steve Filton: Yes, again, difficult question to answer sort of in a generic or a blanket way. Every conversation is different. I have sort of described, we have these conversations with acute care hospitals and in some instances our Gulfport acquisition from last year is an example of one where the acute care system just agrees to sell us their hospital, their behavioral facility.  They don’t really want a joint venture et cetera. We’ve done a few of those. We have others where we’ve just leased a unit. Some or couple of our Baylor JVs are just a leased unit from them one of our Providence JVs is just a leased unit from then. And in other cases, we’ve entered into a natural joint venture where we’ve built new capacity.  We’ve done that with Providence. We’ve done that with the University of Pennsylvania here in the greater Philadelphia market. The ownership percentage that the acute care hospital takes varies in each one. So, it’s very difficult to say, here is the model, here is what we would expect to earn from a margin or EBITDA perspective.  But I think the bottom-line from our perspective is that because more than 50% of the behavioral beds in the U.S. are run at the moment by acute care hospitals. The business development opportunity and revenue growth opportunity over the next several years is quite significant for us. 
Sarah James : Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Steven Valiquette: Great, thanks. Good morning. So my question is also on the behavioral side. And it seems like the large-scale M&A chatter is seemingly heated up again a little bit in the marketplace. So, I guess, I am just curious if you are able to provide any high-level color just on your current appetite for larger-scale M&A on the behavioral side, given that historically you’ve been successful completing some larger deals. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes, so, look, we are not going to comment on any specific deal or specific opportunity or news flow. I think we say all the time and we say it because it’s true that we will explore and evaluate any opportunities that are presented to us.  And we are going to look for the highest returns and as I said, in I think response to A.J.’s question earlier, we think we have a lot of opportunities to do that whether it’s organic capital investment, whether it’s share repurchase which we think is pretty compelling or whether it’s inorganic M&A, we are going to pursue all those opportunities or at least from an evaluation perspective. 
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Maybe one just real quick confirmation question, just quickly on this discussion on your strong acute same-store revenue growth in 3Q and there was obviously a lot of industry discussion earlier this year around perhaps some acceleration of this greater acuity trend within the in-patient setting.  You guys have somewhat dismissed that notion earlier this year for yourselves as far anything out of the ordinary and it sounds like for 3Q 2018, that might be the case again. So one of you can just give any quick color on that topic and just confirm that one way or the other. Thanks. 
Steve Filton: Yes, I don’t know that we dismissed that notion. I mean, I think what I have said in the past is, actually it seems to be – it seems to make intellectual sense that what we are seeing is a rise in acuity in the acute care business.  Getting back to the question before that seeing more ambulatory and alternative site competition, it makes sense that the business that remains in the acute care hospital is higher acuity business and that the level of acuity would therefore sort of be rising naturally in the acute care industry just generally.  So, I think we sign on to that. I think we believe also that, acute care hospitals in general in UHS specifically has been focused in the last several years on more disciplined documentation, clinical, efforts to improve clinical documentation on the part of physicians and hospital itself. So, I think that’s having an impact as well. So, I think there is to that element where those elements are contributing to the increase in acuity. And so, I don’t know that we discount that. 
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Okay, that’s helpful, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead. 
Ana Gupte : Hey, thanks for squeezing me in. Hello, Steve. So, on the acute side, as you point out, it’s a little more unpredictable, can be choppy. And as you look at your portfolio of hospitals across various markets, and you look at the macro labor trends and the cyclical trends.  Any color you can offer us on market-specific on a same-store basis, what the volumes are looking like and if certain markets are beginning to top out. I guess, ACA seems to be seeing at least some tailwinds on their markets and what kind of read across are you seeing from yours? 
Steve Filton: Well, I guess, I’d answer the question in two ways on it. One is, I think geographically, we’ve been pretty consistent for several years now about sort of what our geographic trends look like that the strongest markets, the strongest performing markets have been Las Vegas, and Riverside County California and North Dallas, the District of Columbia.  The weaker markets on the acute side have been South Texas and Amarillo. Again, those trends really have not varied much in the last several years. I think more broadly, I would say that, those markets, those really strong performing markets from a UHS perspective really saw some very extraordinary growth over the last several years, as we benefited from the ACA and Medicaid expansion and economic improvement again in those markets that I ticked off.  And I think from our perspective, we were likely to see some moderation in our acute care performance, which I think we saw a little bit in 2018, I think some of our peers who are now seeing some strength in their markets are just sort of maybe a little bit behind that cyclical curve from where we were. But I think they are sort of experiencing what we might have experienced a year or two in terms of really extraordinary growth. But I think we continue to put up very solid numbers in our acute care segment. 
Ana Gupte : Yes, that’s super helpful. On the payer mix again on acute, is there any acceleration in commercial? And then, it was a point in time where Medicare seem to be a huge source of growth and what is that looking like right now and what might that look like as the next one to three years we see a whole lot of privatization to Medicare advantage and build us the managed MA plans B a little bit more pushback more on the machines, et cetera? 
Steve Filton: Yes, so, I think that, again the payer mix trends that we’ve described over the last several years has remained pretty consistent at least for us and that is Medicare is probably our fastest growing payer population. Commercial probably grows a little bit slower than our overall. Uninsured has been fairly stable. And again, I think those trends have largely continued.  I don’t think, I think that the Medicare advantage penetration of the acute industry is sort of more mature than the managed Medicaid penetration on the behavioral side. So, I don’t go that we view it as nearly as impactful on the acute side as we do on the behavioral side. I just think we are so much more – this has been going on for so long on the acute side. It’s just some much more engrained in our business. 
Ana Gupte : Got it. Okay, that’s helpful too. So, on the managed Medicaid, just one more follow-up to it, others have asked, is this kind of one managed Medicaid player you had suggested maybe Florida, with Magellan and earlier I think you saw the Pennsylvania pressure. So, is it widespread or is it kind of one player that’s being the source of the length of stay pressure here?
Steve Filton: Yes, I think what we find, Ana, is that, it really varies by geography. So there is no single payer who we find is most aggressive nationally. In every market, there may be a payer who is more aggressive. But it seems to me sort of more a localized than what I would characterize as really national behavioral on the part of any particular payer. 
Ana Gupte : Great. One final one then on the inorganic side. It sounds like you’ve been at the table for some of the deal activity on the acute side and can you talk about the pipeline here. You certainly have the balance sheet strength to do it.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, look we are encouraged, we’ve been looking for attractive not for profit acute care opportunities for many years now and to be fair, I think they’ve been relatively scarce. We are encouraged that in the last – I don’t know, six or 12 months ACA has announced, but couple of deals that I think are relatively new to them.  That it’s sort of the first time to those deals. They’ve probably done it over a decade. And we are hopeful that that’s reflective of maybe an uptick in activity in that area. But I’ll just go back to what I said before, we will evaluate those opportunities as they arise. They are difficult to predict. We are not - we don’t feel obligated to sort of grow for growth sake. So, we will invest in those opportunities organic, inorganic share repurchase, et cetera as they arise and as they make sense. And we will just continue to do that. 
Ana Gupte : Okay. Thanks so much, Steve. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. 
Justin Lake : Right. Good morning, Steve. I’ll keep it to one question. Can you just say how was, in the Behavioral business specifically, you had some negative hurricane impact last quarter or last year in the fourth quarter I should say, it was in Puerto Rico. So, one would think that would be an easier comp. Can you just – can you tell us whether there was any negative impact in the fourth quarter already from the hurricanes you see in this year that offsets that?
Steve Filton: Sure. So, and thanks for bringing that up, Justin, because, I probably should have mentioned that before. So, I did I think say in response to a question about the strong behavioral admissions earlier on the call that some of that – strong performance in this year’s Q3, because of the comparison to last year where we had a hurricane impact, by the way not just in Puerto Rico.  But we had – I think it was Hurricane Harvey in Houston and I think Irma in the Southeast. And then, we had a little bit of an impact from Hurricane Florence this year, but I think for the most part, it was fairly minimal. But in Q4, we had Hurricane Michael, hard to keep track of all the names. We had Hurricane Michael which did unfortunately do significant damage to our facility in Panama City, Florida, which is now closed and probably will remain closed for four to six months.  The good news is, all patients and employees were safe and nobody was injured, but that will probably be a $5 million, $6 million $7 million drag in Q4. So, as I was talking about the guidance for the fourth quarter, I should have made the point that, where we originally thought that we’d have a pick up, because we had a drag in Q3 of last year – or Q4 of last year rather where we will probably have a relatively comparable drag in Q4 of this year from our Panama City facility. 
Justin Lake : And Steve, that must have been a pretty big facility and that big a drag. Is that – so you expect that in Q4 into Q1 as well, we should think about a similar $5 million, $6 million drag? 
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, the reason it becomes a drag of that magnitude, Justin is sort of, it’s one of these that you put tweaks in between things, a facility that is going to be sort of offline for that period of time. We are going to continue to keep everybody on the payroll and effectively maintain our cost structure while we are generating essentially no revenue.  So that’s what creates the drag even in a facility that may not be the largest facility we have et cetera. I will say it’s a bit of a timing issue in that. I think, ultimately, most of this loss will be covered by insurance, but we tend to account for our insurance proceeds on a cash basis.  So it will be a drag in Q4. I think it’s a little too early to say how much of a drag it will be in Q1. Ultimately, I think we will recover most of the loss sometime next year. 
Justin Lake : Got it. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Gary Taylor from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Gary Taylor : Hi, good morning. Just a couple quick ones. On the – going back topic of the day, I guess, the length of stay pressure on the behavioral side, are you seeing that primarily on IPF or is it also the RTC? And can give us kind of the latest updated either bed or revenue split between IPF and RTC?
Steve Filton: So, I think from a revenue perspective, Gary, and I am doing this off the top of my head, I can provide better clarity later, but, I think about 75% of our revenues now come from acute behavioral revenues, maybe 12% or 13% from residential and the remaining from what we would describe as specialty which would include addiction services, outpatient or management contract business et cetera.  And most of the length of stay pressure I think is clearly from the acute business. We see a couple of residential facilities which has experienced some length of stay pressure. But I think it’s mostly an acute issue. 
Gary Taylor : Great. My last question, on the administration's announcement around Part B yesterday, I mean, hospitals do separately bill under OPPS about a third of the total Part B drugs. I think that would equate to about 1% of the hospital industry's revenue. So the question is, do you contemplate any measurable impact from the announcement yesterday and the other policies just the site-neutral impact contemplate any measurable impact from that proposal?
Steve Filton: I don’t believe so. And I think, and I don’t have them in front of me. So, again, I am doing this off the top of my head, Gary. But I would guess, that UHS’s outpatient percentages or revenue are much lower than the industry’s standards that I mean, I think that those are really sort of inflated by hospitals that have, for instance big outpatient oncology programs, et cetera that for the most part I think we have not really participated in. So, my sense is that, the impact on us is relatively minimal. 
Gary Taylor : Okay, thank you very much. 
Operator: There are no more questions. At this time, I turn the call back over to the presenters for closing remarks.
Steve Filton : We just like to thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking with everybody next quarter. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.
Analysts: A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ann Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kristy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Mr. Steve Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you, Kristy. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. We welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services' results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2018. During this conference call Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast, projections, and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.39 for the quarter. After adjusting for the unfavorable $7.2 million after-tax impact from the increase in our reserve related to the Department of Justice discussions as discussed in our press release and calculated on the Supplemental Schedule, adjusted net income attributable to UHS was $233.3 million or $2.47 per diluted share during the second quarter of 2018. This compares to $188.1 million or $1.94 per diluted share of adjusted net income attributable to UHS during the second quarter of last year as calculated on the Supplemental Schedule. On a same-facility basis, in our Acute division revenues during the second quarter of 2018 increased 3.3% over last year's comparable quarter. Excluding our health plan, same-facility revenues increased 5.1%. The increase resulted primarily from a 1.9% increase in adjusted admissions and a 3.1% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same-facility basis, net revenues in our Behavioral Health division increased 2.8% during the second quarter of 2018 as compared to the second quarter of 2017. Excluding the health plan in the Behavioral division, same-facility revenues increased 3.3%. During this year's second quarter as compared to last year's, adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 1.2% and adjusted patient days increased 0.3%. Revenue per adjusted admission increased 2.0% and revenue per adjusted patient day increased 3.6% during the second quarter of 2018 over the comparable prior year quarter. For the six months ended June 30, 2018 our net cash provided by operating activities increased to $629 million from $534 million generated during the comparable six-month period of 2017. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased slightly to 53 days during the second quarter of 2018 as compared to 51 days during the second quarter of 2017. At June 30, 2018 our ratio of debt to total capitalization declined to 42.9% as compared to 46.1% at June 30, 2017. We spent $181 million on capital expenditures during the second quarter of 2018 and $370 million during the first six months of 2018. Year-to-date, we have added 52 new acute care beds and 313 new beds to our busiest behavioral health hospitals. Our behavioral health integrations joint venture pipeline is very strong with a large number of active discussions ongoing. Earlier this month we opened the 126-bed Lancaster Behavioral Hospital, a joint venture with Penn Medicine Lancaster General Health in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. And later in the year we'll open a 100-bed hospital in Spokane, Washington, a behavioral joint venture with Providence Health System. In conjunction with our stock repurchase program, during the second quarter of 2018 we repurchased approximately 1.12 million shares of our stock at an aggregate cost of approximately $130 million or approximately $116 per share. Since inception of the program through June 30, 2018 we repurchased approximately 8.5 million shares at an aggregate cost of $971 million or approximately $114 per share. Alan and I are pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks. Hi, everybody. Maybe just a detailed question first. You have this $15.3 million other income item now. You haven't had that line before and I think some of it's related to accounting change. How should we think about those items in there in trying to compare your operating income with prior periods and what you've talked about in terms of guidance and so forth?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Okay, A.J. So I think there's really two kinds of items on that line. The first as we disclosed in the third paragraph of the press release is an unrealized gain on the change in market value of certain marketable securities; essentially our investment in our group purchasing organization, Premier, and the shares that we own in Premier. We would presume that – because I think it's impossible for us to predict that change in those marketable securities – we'll never include that number in our own guidance. And to the degree that it's material, we'll call it out so that people can exclude it whether positive or negative. Obviously it was positive this particular quarter. The rest of what's in that line are income from unconsolidated subsidiaries, miscellaneous gains and losses from the sale of assets, et cetera. We believe they're sort of the normal non-recurring source of things that in the past would've been included in our EBITDA and suggest that that's the appropriate way to continue to think about that moving forward.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then let me just ask you about where you feel you are on the rebound in the Behavioral Health business. I know over time you have highlighted I guess over the last couple of years labor challenges, obviously dealing with managed Medicaid and the fact that they've become a bigger chunk of the payor mix in Behavioral, and then there was a couple of isolated situations that you've addressed in the first quarter. Where are we at? I know the goal is to get back – I think the goal is to get back to 4% to 6% sort of same-store revenue growth on a steady basis. Can you just sort of update us on those areas and what's your confidence level to getting back to that in the back half of the year?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure. And to some degree, A.J., I think that the metrics that I mentioned in my opening comments provide a reasonable sort of overview to where we are with this. The encouraging development from our perspective in the Behavioral Health division is over the last couple of quarters our revenue per patient day has been higher than we anticipated. We, originally in our initial guidance for the year, talked about that number being in the 1% to 2% range and it's been in the 3% to 4% range over the last couple of quarters. And I think that's reflective of the success that we've had in a number of initiatives, including continuing the shift of patients out of our residential beds and into our acute behavioral beds which are a higher paying and higher revenue service. I think that that higher revenue per day growth reflects progress that we've made with our managed care and insurance companies in things like reducing denials, et cetera, which has the impact of raising that revenue growth number. So that's a plus for us. We're sort of exceeding our expectations there. Obviously the negative for us is that patient days are relatively flat in the quarter compared to last year. Even though admissions are growing, we continue to see length of stay pressure. The length of stay pressure as I think we've discussed for any number of quarters now mostly comes from the continued shift of Medicaid patients, traditional fee-for-service Medicaid patients, into some sort of managed Medicaid program where we generally find the payors are more aggressive about utilization review, et cetera. We continue to, where it's appropriate clinically, to pushback on our managed care payors. But to be fair, I think as long as that shift from traditional Medicaid to managed Medicaid continues to take place, we're going to face that phenomenon. Now it's worth noting that about two-thirds of our Medicaid patients today are already in a managed program, so there's a limited amount of that shift that remains but it will be somewhat of a challenge. I think the opportunity for us really remains on that admission metric which grew by a little less than 1.5% this quarter. I think we continue to believe that the demand that we see in our facilities is sufficient enough to drive that number measurably higher. The main thing that we have to do is make sure that our available beds are appropriately staffed with nurses and psychiatrists; that's been the biggest challenge. In some cases we're building new capacity to accommodate that demand, and in some other cases we're evaluating the clinical criteria that our hospitals have used for admitting patients because I think we feel like in some cases patients are being turned away who really do meet the appropriate clinical criteria. So we're focused on all those things. We feel like we've made progress on a number of them and I think it's reflected in that revenue number. But we're the first to admit that it's been a tough slog. There's a lot of moving parts. We feel like we've made progress. We feel like the demand is there and that we're going to continue to make progress.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And just in terms of stepping up in the back half of the year, I think the comps get a little easier and some other things. Do you still feel like you'll do that?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean I think our original guidance contemplated that our Behavioral Health revenue would continue to grow in the back half of the year, and we're not adjusting our guidance so we continue to believe that that is correct. And we are aided by the fact as you articulated that the comparisons, particularly for our behavioral health facilities, will get easier in the back half of the year, and also we had a number of unfavorable non-recurring items in the back half of 2017 which, by definition, we presume will not reoccur in 2018.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: All right. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Thanks. Steve, maybe just to follow-up on that last question. It sounds like you guys are confirming guidance here, but obviously there's a decent ramp embedded in that guidance now that you've reported the first half of the year. And I heard easier comps but maybe if you could just give us a little bit more color on what gives you the confidence that the trends will improve. And maybe you could spike out a couple of those unfavorable second half 2017 items just so we get a perspective on magnitude.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure, Josh. I think it's worth noting we talked a little bit about this in Q1. In Q1 we talked about the fact that UHS's own internal budget or guidance was somewhat lower than the Street, and that later in the year that would turn around because for the full year our internal budget seem to be pretty consistent with the Street consensus numbers. I think for the first six months our results are pretty much in line with expectations. So while I acknowledge your observation that the guidance includes a relatively significant ramp in earnings particularly for the Behavioral business in the second half of the year, I will say that was what we originally contemplated and that really hasn't changed. And I will reconfirm, again, what you're suggesting which is that we are not changing our guidance at all this quarter. As far as those non-recurring items, again, those were all in our press releases and publicly discussed last year so you can go back and see them in detail. But I believe that for the most part they centered around negative headwinds from hurricanes in the third quarter last year that affected both our Acute and Behavioral businesses, and then what we've described or I described as sort of regulatory-challenged facilities in the Behavioral division that ultimately there were three facilities that we talked about, two of them have ultimately closed and one has been downsized. So the significant decline in revenues and profitability that we experienced in the back half of last year obviously will not reoccur in the back half of this year.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Got you. So those were non-recurring but those were actually included in your adjusted earnings. You just spiked them out, you're saying. Got you. And then just a last question. It sounds like there's – I don't know if there's a little more progress or not on the settlement. Obviously the reserve changed there so probably indicative of at least some conversations. But more importantly, is the settlement an overhang in any way? From a capital deployment perspective, do you think about share buybacks or even M&A differently as you're waiting for some further guidance from the government and/or a final settlement?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So just to make some further commentary which I think is largely consistent with what we've said about the process, we've said for now several quarters that we certainly feel like we're in a settlement phase with the government. We're discussing the settlement terms, we're making offers and counter-offers, and they're making demands and counter-demands. Having said that, I think I've acknowledged every time I speak about this that it is a relatively slow pace, probably slower than certainly than we would like, and there's not a whole lot we can do about that. We move largely at the government's pace but the process of offers and counter-offers and demands and counter-demands continues. We still hope that there's a relatively near-term resolution to this, and hopefully by the end of this year, but that's certainly not a certainty. And again, I think we're doing everything we can to keep this moving along apace. I think your second question about to what degree it's an overhang, I don't think – and particularly I think as the discussions continue and obviously the potential magnitude of the settlement tends to narrow, I don't think it's had much effect, if any, on our willingness to invest, whether that's internal capital or external uses of capital, acquisitions or share buybacks.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Perfect. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Costa with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. I'd like to move to the Acute Care side of the business. Looks like the seasonal drop off was a little bit worse this quarter coming from 1Q down to 2Q with margins deteriorating a little more than we've seen in the past. Would you say that was more pressure on admissions and your staffing levels were too high or do you think there was something else going on in that?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So I think, Peter, in both Q1 and Q2 we talked about not only in our 2018 guidance but sort of ours (17:28) kind of sustainable growth rate for the Acute division over the next several years would yield kind of 5% to 6% revenue growth and comparable maybe 6% to 7% EBITDA growth. The 5% to 6% revenue growth numbers we've hit in Q1 and Q2. I think what you're alluding to is that EBITDA growth and profitability was a little bit lighter than we expected although I think, again, our own internal expectations seem to be lower than the Street's and then think in part we were acknowledging that particularly in Q2 we had a pretty tough comparison not only to last year but I think to a couple years of very robust growth, both revenue-wise and profitability-wise in the Acute business, and some slowing. I think we've also found over the last several years even though the trajectory of the Acute business has generally been rather positive and pretty robust, there's a little more volatility in that business I think than we have found in the Behavioral business. And so I think we largely attribute the second quarter lightness and the margin contraction sequentially to just some of that intra-quarter volatility in that. I think our point of view is still that over time if we can grow that business 5% to 6% at the revenue line that EBITDA growth in the 6% to 7% range should follow. Even though we didn't hit those numbers exactly in Q2, I think we think that over time, and I think if you go back and you look at our performance over time you'll see that that's true.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then do you have any comments on the M&A environment right now in the acute care space?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: We continue to look at acute care opportunities really that span the gamut of whole hospital and whole system acquisitions, the expansion of ambulatory care capabilities. We have a pretty aggressive program of our own development of freestanding emergency departments in some geographies, et cetera. I think what we're finding on the acute side is that there have been a fair amount of not-for-profits and not-for-profit transactions. I hesitate to describe them as acquisitions because I think a lot of them are just kind of merged assets, but I think that has limited some of the opportunity. But we continue to find not-for-profit hospital systems which I think are, from our perspective, the most sort of target-rich assets that we look at. Yeah, there are a number in the pipeline and we continue to evaluate them. And in the meantime, I think as we've stressed a lot over the last several years, we continue to invest very heavily in our own facilities. We tend to talk on this call about the new hospitals that we've opened in Las Vegas and Henderson and in Riverside County, California. But in the back half of this year we're opening quite a bit of new capacity, not quite at the same levels of magnitude, but new beds, new emergency room capacity, new surgical capacity in Las Vegas and several of our hospitals in California, in the North Dallas market in Texas. So while there hasn't been as much of an opportunity for external M&A, we still are finding quite a bit of opportunity to enhance and expand our own franchises through organic CapEx.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tanal with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Steve, I think you mentioned looking for sort of an acceleration in the Behavioral same-store revenue growth number in 2Q to instill confidence in that 5% target, and I think the timeline there most recently was sort of 3Q. I'm sort of curious how you're thinking about that level now as well as when you think it's reasonable to underwrite a return there.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. Look, I mean I think one of the challenges that we've had, Steve, is that we saw this slowdown in our Behavioral revenue growth really begin in the back half of 2015, and we attributed most of that slowdown to a labor shortage of particularly nurses but, to a lesser degree, psychiatrists. And I would say for about a year we focused on that and really kind of redid a lot of our infrastructure to be able to better address the shortage. And I think beginning in the back half of 2016 we began to make measurable progress and both our volumes and our revenues began to increase. As we sort of projected how that would continue to play out, we tended to project that as sort of a ratable increase. The reality is the business doesn't necessarily work that way and the recovery has been somewhat choppier and, to be fair, somewhat slower than we originally imagined as well. We still think that that 5% target is reasonable, that 5% revenue growth target is reasonable. We still have it out there for the back half of the year. It's part of our guidance and I think we presume that we can get there or get pretty close. But we acknowledge that it's a bit choppy. And again, I think as I sort of commented on in responding to A.J.'s original question, we find that we're making progress in some areas like the shift of services from residential to acute and reduction in denials, but in others and solving the labor shortages is a bit more problematic than we thought. But we think we're continuing to make progress and feel like that 5% target is still reasonable.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And I guess just thinking about the Behavioral business overall, can you remind us what percent of admissions come from acute referrals? And I know you said the mix of Medicaid has been rising in that, but what about the pace of growth and the total number of referrals system-wide?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So I think our Acute Behavioral business which is about 75% of our revenues in that space, historically somewhere in the 35 to 40% range of our admissions tend to come from acute care hospital emergency rooms. It's still probably our single largest source of behavioral patient referrals that can vary by geography, it can vary by hospital, it can vary by program. But order of magnitude, that's I think a good indicator.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And the pace of growth, is it changing? Do you think the DOJ investigation is affecting the referrals at all on any level or no?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Look, I think that's always difficult to determine with absolute precision. But over the last several years we, the management team here, I think talks to our operators in the field quite a bit. And as they describe challenges to us, things like the nursing shortage, et cetera, and potentially other challenges that we've talked about in various of our calls, the government investigation really never comes up. I'm of a mind that the people who are aware of our government investigation are people who read our 10-Qs and 10-Ks. And while we spend a lot of time preparing those and writing those, there's a pretty small audience for them. And I think in the sort of broad behavioral operational landscape, there's not a whole lot of people who are terribly familiar with that.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Understood, and maybe just a last maintenance one, a follow-up on A.J.'s question on the add backs. If I think about that $15.3 million, it seems like the marketable securities, just the changes in the value there, $8 million in that third paragraph that you referenced which implies there's about $7.3 million of items that you suggested would normally have been I guess in the reported adjusted EBITDA less NCI number, is that the right way to think about that? And maybe if you'd give us some more color on the nature of the $7.3 million of earnings, what exactly those are and how that amount compares to the prior year, that would be helpful. And then I'll yield. Thanks a lot.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. So what I said I think before, Steve, was I think what's in that number is quite frankly a bunch of small miscellaneous items that include income from unconsolidated subsidiaries, gains and losses on small asset sales, et cetera. We didn't go back quite frankly to recapture the prior year number in part because the accounting sort of perspective was we were not going to restate the prior year for that. But I think as we looked at those various items that are included in the balance of I'll call the non-Premier items on that other income line, our general view was that those are items that will kind of normally be there, they'd be largely recurring, and they historically have been part of our reported EBITDA.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. First question just obviously, Steve, a lot of focus on guidance. Can you tell us if the Behavioral business stays in that 3% to 4% range in same-store? What I'm mathing to is if Acute does 5% then the one-timers reverse themselves, which they should, you end up at about in the range of the low-end of EBITDA. Is that the right way to think about it? And then anything above the low end would be driven by Behavioral getting better?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, I think that's generally fair. I mean I will say that the Behavioral I think EBITDA performance in Q2 was probably better than expected in part because a larger component of that revenue growth came from the pricing side of things, and sort of by definition the pricing side of things doesn't have an associated sort of incremental cost to it. So if we can continue to make progress on that front, I think that's helpful, et cetera. But I think if I get the question that you're asking, Justin, is if we can't get the Behavioral revenues to grow in the way that we expected in our original guidance, it certainly would be tough to get to the high end of our guidance in the back half of the year. We're not certainly conceding that at this point, but I think it's a fair statement.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. And then, Steve, your depreciation number was a little bit lower than I expected. Was there any kind of change in accounting there or anything driving that?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I can't think of anything material, Justin. I will certainly go back and look at the detail.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. Can you remind us maybe just the math behind some of those one-time items and comp issues were in the back half of last year? So if you don't actually show any improvement but just the one-time issues abate, how much should that be a tailwind to volumes in the second half of the year?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, Kevin. I mean I'm going to do this a little bit from memory. I don't have them in front of me and all those items were very publicly reported so they're available to everybody. But I think in the third and fourth quarters of last year we had a drag from the hurricane in the two divisions that I think probably totaled in the kind of $15 million to $18 million range, and then the losses and additional expenses from the three regulatory-challenged facilities in the Behavioral business which I think were another sort of $10 million to $15 million, so I think somewhere in that $25 million to $30 million range in total. But again, I make the point that those items were all disclosed and very publicly discussed so they're all out there for people to see.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I'm sorry. I guess I was actually kind of more interested from like a same-store revenue perspective I guess when you think about achieving that 5% number because people seem to be focused on that as much as the EBITDA number itself. Is it 100 basis points to same-store revenue growth or is there a ballpark number for that?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. So I think when we talk about getting back to that same-store growth level, we're really viewing those items as discreet from that.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, so it's not a situation. So those were one-time headwinds last year, so the fact that there's an easy comp you still think 5% on a run rate basis, not just from an easy comp is the right way to think about it?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. So when I say there's an easy comp, I'm just referring to sort of the core business, not to those non-recurring items.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, all right. That's helpful. And then you mentioned that the challenge has been to kind of make sure that your beds are staffed and that you're adding beds in the places where there's capacity issues. Can you give a little commentary on kind of where we are in that process? How much of a challenge is that still? How close are you to kind of fully getting over that hump?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think, look, the challenge in describing it – and look, I understand when people question and try and get a sense of this issue, they tend to view it in sort of a linear fashion that it's kind of an issue that we have X number of vacancies and that represents Y percentage of our total labor slots, and we filled so many of them and so we've made this much progress. But the reality is particularly in an industry like ours that has such high turnover rates, I think nursing turnover nationally in the U.S. is in the 30% range, the issue is we hire nurses, nurses leave; we hire psychiatrists, psychiatrists leave. We sort of solve the labor problem in a hospital and we don't have any sort of restriction on bed capacity in that hospital, and then the issue arises at another hospital in another market. It has always remained throughout this I think a relatively small number of markets and small number of hospitals that have been affected. But to be fair, part of the challenge is we'll solve the problem at two hospitals and it'll arise at another hospital, et cetera. So that's part of the reason it's been sort of a slower recovery. But I find it difficult to sort of be able to quantify kind of in a percentage way or something like that how much progress we've made and how much is left to go. I guess what I always point to – and by the way, I do this internally as well – is I just focus people on the level of revenue growth because in my mind ultimately that's how the progress is measured. A problem manifested itself in a slowdown in our revenue growth, and in my mind it will be completely fixed when we recover that level of revenue growth. So while I think there are metrics and measurements that you can use to sort of help define your progress – number of vacancies, turnover rate, number of people in orientation; all those sorts of things which we get internally – I think ultimately our main focus continues to be on that revenue growth metric.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. No, I think that it wasn't fair for us to judge you on that as whether you're making progress. But I guess from a forward-looking perspective, it seems like staffing is a potentially gating factor so progress on that would be a leading indicator towards achieving that revenue number. I think maybe just last question on this topic would just be that I think people think that the labor market is getting tighter and that staffing is getting more difficult. Do you just feel I guess anecdotally or directionally that staffing is actually normalizing or stabilizing in some way for you versus where it's been in the last couple of years? Is it the same? Is it getting worse? I guess anecdotally, what does that look like?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. Look, I think, Kevin, we have a point of view. As I said, I think the labor challenges really started to manifest themselves, by the way, in both divisions in kind of the back half of 2015, and we've been very focused again in both divisions on addressing them. I think our sense is they have generally stabilized now that we're a couple years into it. But having said that, I think we acknowledge we're in a very tight labor market. As a nation, we're at the lowest unemployment rates we've seen in 20 or 30 years depending on exactly who is quoting that. So I think it's going to continue to be a challenge but certainly I think we feel like it's stabilized, not getting worse, and we continue to make progress although it's incremental.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to jump to the Acute Care side. Your organic revenue slowed a little bit. Still the 5% top line number that you talked about I think is still a good number. But the EBITDA up only sort of low single digits. Is there anything to sort of call out on why you didn't see better pull-through? I think you've been seeing pretty hefty EBITDA growth on pretty stable sort of top line. So just any color there, Steve.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, I think, Ralph, this is largely the question that Peter Costa asked earlier. As I said then, and so I'll just quickly repeat, I think that the Acute, the pull-through of EBITDA is a little bit more sort of volatile and erratic than it is on the Behavioral side. There was nothing I think extraordinary in Q2. I think our point of view is that over time that 5 or 6% revenue growth will yield 6 or 7% EBITDA growth. I think our historical performance supports that, but in my mind there was nothing extraordinary in the quarter.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. All right, fair enough. I mean a part of it is just I mean the pricing number did look pretty good and better than what you had in the past that I thought would just pull it through. But on that topic a little bit, on the acuity side that's been a sort of topic of focus. Can you just give us maybe acuity mix in the quarter, maybe how much that helped the pricing stat?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean I think that obviously the entire acute public company sort of universe was strong in Q1 and it seemed to be strong for at least HCA in Q2 and continues be strong for us. Now I will say that our revenue per unit has been relatively strong, although I think we've talked a lot about in 2017 that I think some of that was due to more inpatient admissions and fewer observation patients, and I think we still are benefiting from that to a degree. I think generally the industry is also benefiting from kind of a stabilization. We've all been focused on this sort of trend of moving the lower acuity outpatient procedures out of the inpatient setting and into other outpatient settings, either in the hospital or out of the hospital, and I think that's hurt acuity over the last several years. But I think we've seen kind of a stabilization and a bottoming out of that trend, so I think that's helping acuity as well. So I think we're benefiting from that. It's difficult for me to say that our peers are benefiting in the same way, but it just seems like the numbers across the industry are reasonably consistent, so I would guess that we're all benefiting in the same way.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. And then just last one from me. Can you just give us a sense of payor mix in the quarter and specific focus on the managed care side?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. Our payor mix has actually been – and again, I'm answering this question. I think for the Acute business, Ralph...
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: ...our payor mix in the Acute business has been relatively stable over the last several quarters, meaning probably Medicare is growing faster than any of our other payor mixes. Medicaid is growing but at a slower rate. Commercial is still positive but at a lower rate than our overall admissions. And uncompensated admissions have remained pretty flat for the last few quarters.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Frank, your line is open.
Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, sorry about that. Actually I wanted to talk a little bit on the Acute side. I don't know if you discussed this yet, but I wanted to talk about or get some updates on looking at surgical volumes both inpatient and outpatient and then also ED. Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Frank, I didn't hear the very last thing you said. Surgical volumes and what?
Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, surgical volumes both in and outpatient as well as ED volumes or emergency department volumes. Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Okay, sure. So I think on the ED volume side, and again the trends that I'm about to describe I think have been in place for several quarters, I don't think there was anything kind of terribly new or different in Q2. ED volumes have slowed down a little bit. They're actually I think rising slower than our overall admission growth. They've been pretty flat actually I think in the last couple of quarters. So I think it's reflective of the fact that we're seeing a little bit what I was describing to Ralph in the previous question. More of those lower acuity emergency room patients are being shifted into other settings, whether that's urgent care or freestanding EDs or doctor's offices, whatever it may be. And so we see our emergency room visits have kind of flattened out, although our admissions and the amount of business that we're getting in terms of inpatient admissions from the emergency room has not really changed which I think is reflective of the fact that those more acute ER visits remain at the same level. Surgical volumes are fairly consistent with our overall admissions. I think in Q2 both in and outpatient volumes for us were up 3% or 4% which also, sort of in reference to Ralph's previous question, are keeping that acuity number and revenue per unit number strong. So I think we continue to see relatively strong surgical volumes throughout the portfolio.
Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Yeah, just sticking with the Acute side of it. Looking at what HCA was saying yesterday about the Department of Labor survey and how in their markets they're beginning to see accelerating commercial volumes probably because there's a higher rate of insurance even on the smaller employers. As you kind of look at your markets, and Vegas has been a very good market for you for a while, I mean do you think that that's impacting somewhat of a slowdown on admissions because it's more late cycle perhaps and the recovery was sooner than in the other parts of the southwest and southeast?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So I'll try and answer your question and I will sort of provide one caveat which is the day before we announce earnings we don't get to spend a lot of time looking at our peers' earnings releases and analyzing their numbers. So you referenced their Department of Labor comments. I'm sort of at a loss. I don't know what they said so it's difficult.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: No. All they said was, and you don't need to – I haven't gone in detail through that survey either. Just all it said was I believe that unemployment going down in their view might be finally driving some of the, as I understood, some of the commercial volume pickup, payor mix pickup. And they talked a lot about Texas and Florida and I was just trying to compare that to the timing of the cycle in Vegas versus their markets.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, and I think you make an important point. By the way, we were pleased by the HCA results. We like to see our peers doing well. I think it's reflective of the underlying strength of the acute care business particularly for companies that have strong franchises in robust markets. But I will say one of the challenges for us is those kinds of numbers that were in the HCA second quarter release were numbers that our Acute Care division has been putting up in a number of quarters over the last several years. And one of the challenges that we face is those comparisons have become more and more difficult for us. So when we started to put up really strong numbers Las Vegas and California and to a lesser degree Florida, but at the end of 2013 and into 2014 and 2015 we're into sort of the fourth or fifth year of that recovery in our end markets. And so I just think that comparison is a little more challenging for us. But again, I think to the degree that any of our peers are experiencing those underlying strong metrics, that's a good sign for us.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: No, fair enough. Your comps are definitely getting more challenging. The other driver I think that's being mentioned just more broadly is about mix shifting to lower cost sites of service, and that's what's driving potentially the higher pricing growth in the inpatient setting and so on. So are you observing that and is that part of the higher 3% to 4% kind of pricing growth at this point?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure. I mean I think you make the right point, and that is if we acknowledge – which I think we all do – that lower acuity business has been shifted out of the acute care hospitals into a whole variety of other lower cost and lower care settings, whether they're ambulatory surgery centers or freestanding EDs or urgent care centers, then by definition what's left in the acute hospital is the more acute, the more severely ill patient. And I think you would expect that acuity measures or revenue per unit measures would be going up which I think is what we've seen certainly in the first six months of 2018.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: And then just following up on that with CMS. And you may not have – obviously with your earnings today – they put out the rule yesterday around site neutrality and they seem to be trying to, it feels like, foster, serve clinical care in lower cost sites of service, physician clinics, and away from outpatient. I mean is that impactful broadly for the hospital industry? They also did a small change on new drugs for AWP plus 6% going to AWP plus 3% to maybe discourage physicians from adopting drugs outside of clinical efficacy and safety.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. So I mean I'm going to make a little bit of a repeat comment as before. So when CMS releases a several hundred page new rule on the night we're releasing earnings, we don't get to study it a whole lot. My sense, in looking at it very quickly, is that we're largely unaffected by the sort of site changes. We'll say more about that as we have a chance to look at it.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: And then one final one on Behavioral, if I could. The IMD exclusion at one time was viewed as a fairly big tailwind to behavioral, the talk about acute JVs. And then the contracts haven't fully materialized and/or the acute hospitals may be preferentially driving less attractive payor mix, Medicaid or the like into freestanding. Any comments on that and is that likely to at some point become the premise is going to be realized?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I think that the original premise of the IMD exclusion being lifted and that being a significant benefit to the freestanding behavioral industry was valid and I think still is valid. I think that the practical challenge that we didn't necessarily anticipate at the time was that exclusion got lifted at a time when we were already having difficulty satisfying the existing demand that we had for our beds largely because we didn't necessarily in some markets have a sufficient number of clinical staff. And so all of a sudden we got an uptick and an upsurge in adult Medicaid business that we had never had before, but the difference was in this interim period this incremental adult Medicaid business proved to be not really incremental but it wound up squeezing out or pushing out other better paying, better revenue business, Medicare or commercial. I think over time as we continue to solve the labor problem that incremental business will truly become that incremental business and it will be as profitable as we once originally imagined. And then secondly which I think is a different issue, as you point out we couldn't be having these dozens of discussions about potential joint venture arrangements and integration arrangements with acute care hospitals unless the exclusion had been lifted because there would be this sort of awkward disconnect of a good chunk of their patients were adult Medicaid and we couldn't treat them. So having the IMD exclusion being lifted was I think a significant tailwind to these integration conversations which I think over time over the next several years will wind up being a very significant development opportunity for our Behavioral business.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah, makes sense. All right, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. I feel like I'm really beating a dead horse at this point so I'll be really quick. Just going back to, and I'm sorry, the other income, the $15.3 million Steve, just to be clear. So the $7.3 million that you said was kind of normal recurring noise, miscellaneous items, given the new accounting treatment and the way you're breaking out this line now, I mean you're basically saying you would expect to have a few million, several million positive gain on a go-forward basis as you're reporting on that line, right?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, again, I think to the degree that some of the items are truly recurring, income from unconsolidated subs, and I think honestly the way we'll address this issue next year, Gary, is we'll just create an income from unconsolidated subs line to make that a little bit more straightforward. But yeah, I mean, again, the incremental gains and losses could bounce around. But again, I don't think that they're going to have a material impact. We wouldn't expect that. I mean that's the nature on sort of these miscellaneous items.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then just going back to seasonality for one moment in the second half on Acute. I want to make sure we're on the same page because you've made a few comments about seasonality. So if we think about Acute EBITDA for the third quarter, obviously you had the hurricane impact that was modest and the year-to-year EBITDA growth comp is easier. So as we see and hear today, we would think perhaps the year-to-year growth might accelerate. But then as you go into the fourth quarter, it was a really big EBITDA quarter in Acute. You had California provider tax, you had some health plans improving, you had the flu incident, et cetera, that would seem to be a more challenging quarter for Acute EBITDA growth. Am I just thinking about the Acute seasonality correctly?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think all those comments, Gary, are perfectly valid. I think my comments about the easier comparisons in the back half of the year earlier in the call was really – or I meant it to be specific to the Behavioral business, not to the Acute business. So again, and I think the way you described it is correct. I think the third quarter comparison for the Acute business is not too bad but the fourth quarter was a real bang-up quarter largely because of the real busy flu season and some other issues. And again, I think we've incorporated that into our own guidance.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Hynes with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Ann Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Hi. I just want to follow-up on your comments about IMD and the JV opportunity. I know for the past couple of years we've been talking about it, and in your prepared remarks you talked about you have some things in the hopper. But I guess when will we see these coming to fruition again? Do you think that maybe the DOJ overhang, does that impact some negotiations at all or it really doesn't?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: No. I mean, again, because, Ann, these negotiations tend to be with large not-for-profit hospitals or not-for-profit hospital systems, and to be fair these negotiations about joint venturing their behavioral business are not necessarily their top priority. They tend to be slow, they tend to move at kind of a slower pace than I think we're accustomed in the for-profit industry. I don't know that any of our peers are closing these kinds of transactions any faster than we are. But what we are encouraged by is the general enthusiasm of the acute hospitals that we're talking to about pursuing these sort of arrangements. And as I did say in my comments, we just opened a hospital in Lancaster, Pennsylvania last month. We're going to open one in a few months in Spokane, Washington. Obviously where we're building new capacity that takes some time, so there is a bit of a ramp-up here. But I think from our perspective – and again, I think these are two different issues – the original premise of the IMD exclusion being lifted was there would be this surge of adult Medicaid patients, and that would be an immediate benefit. And I think to some degree we've clearly seen that surge of patients, although as I said I think in some cases they've been more replacement patients than new and until we solve that problem we won't really get the benefit. But I think those acute joint venture conversations we always perceived was a longer-term development opportunity and something that I think we feel like we'll be seeing the benefit of not just in 2019 but over the course of the next three, five, seven years as more and more of these transactions or arrangements are brought to fruition and new capacity is built and these arrangements are finalized.
Ann Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Okay, thanks. And then just on Behavioral, I know the Boston market has been a very tough market for you guys and has weighed on the overall growth. Is that still the case? I know you closed a hospital. But regardless of that hospital, is it a market that still weighs on the overall growth and maybe the rest of the portfolio is growing more than the consolidated?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I mean generally the Behavioral portfolio is more diffused and sort of geographically disparate than the Acute portfolio, so it is almost impossible for one single market in the Behavioral portfolio to really have the influence that the obvious example of Las Vegas does on the Acute side. Having said that, I mean I think your commentary about the Boston market is fair. We run hospitals in the Boston market that are very highly occupied. We run it at very high occupancy rates, but there's a big chunk of managed Medicaid and we've had managed Medicaid business in the Boston market for years and years and years. It's a pretty low Medicaid rate so the profitability is going to be challenged in that market, et cetera. It's a big market for us. It's one of our bigger markets. It's not by any means our most profitable market, but I don't think the change in that market, as I would say the change in any of our markets, really drives the portfolio results in a meaningful way.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: There are no more questions at this time.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Kristy, I just want to go back to one question we had earlier. Justin Lake had asked me a question about the decline in depreciation. And as I have a chance to look at it, I can see that I think the dynamic that he's referring to is we had depreciation and amortization associated with our electronic health records deal in the second quarter of last year. Several million dollars that has now become fully depreciated so we don't have it this year. So I just wanted to close the loop on that one question. Otherwise, we thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc. Alan B. Miller - Universal Health Services, Inc.
Analysts: Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co. Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ann Kathleen Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kristy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2018 Conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Mr. Steve Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Thank you, Kristy. Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services' results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2018. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.36 for the quarter. After adjusting for the unfavorable $9.9 million after-tax impact resulting from the increase in our reserve related to the Department of Justice discussions and the favorable impact from our 2017 adoption of ASU 2016-09, as discussed in our press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $2.45 for the quarter ended March 31, 2018. On a same-facility basis, in our acute care division, revenues increased 3.7% during the first quarter of 2018. Excluding our health plan, same-facility revenues increased 5.8%. The increase resulted primarily from a 2.3% increase in adjusted admissions and a 3.4% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same-facility basis, revenues in our behavioral health division increased 3.0% during the first quarter of 2018. Adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 1.6%, and adjusted patient days increased 0.4% over the prior year quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 3.2% during the first quarter of 2017 (sic) [2018] over the comparable prior year quarter. Our cash provided by operating activities was approximately $364 million during the first quarter of 2018. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased to 53 days during the first quarter of 2018, as compared to 50 days during the first quarter of last year. Our ratio of debt to total capitalization declined to 42.9% at March 31, 2018 as compared to 44.7% at December 31, 2017. We spent $189 million on capital expenditures during the first quarter of 2018. Alan and I will be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Matt Borsch with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Yeah. I was hoping that you could just give us some more detail on the moving parts here. As you know, your EBITDA came in below the Street consensus estimate, not that that's necessarily what you're targeting for. And then I just wanted to understand on the behavioral side in particular, what you think about for volumes going forward for this year and maybe beyond, given the targets you've set?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure, Matt. So I would begin by commenting that the results for the quarter, while we acknowledge and as you point out, were under the Street consensus estimates, they were not nearly as shy of our own internal budget. We were probably just $0.03 or $0.04 shy of our own internal budget for the year. I think our internal budget has a steeper ramp for the year than the Street estimates. I would say, particularly, I think in the third quarter, our internal budget is more robust than the Street estimate. So, we were, in terms of our internal budget, almost sort of spot on in terms of our acute results and slightly under on the behavioral side, which is really, I guess, the subject of your second question. I think when you adjust our same-store behavioral revenues for the decline in our Puerto Rico health plan, which we have really talked about over the years because it is relatively small and runs at pretty much EBITDA breakeven. But, after the hurricane had a significant loss of revenue, it probably distorts our revenue by about 50 basis points in the quarter. So you're looking at roughly 3.5% same-store behavioral revenue growth rate for the quarter. That's still a little bit light from where our own internal expectations were. I think we attribute most of the shortfall to an outpatient revenue shortfall, and we attribute that shortfall to weather and mostly weather issues in markets like Boston and Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., which had difficult first quarter weather-wise, and we were several million dollars short of our outpatient revenue budget for the quarter. But other than that, again, I think we're a little shy on the behavioral revenue and therefore probably $5 million or $6 million shy from an EBITDA perspective in the quarter, at least as it came into our own internal forecast.
Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. That's great. Thank you. Just one follow-up on that, in the first quarter, with the outpatient volume on the behavioral side, did you see that ramp up over the course of – I've forgotten actually when the weather disruptions occurred.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, actually if you recall, it was a bit of an odd quarter in that, I think, the bad weather really came sort of early in the quarter and then again late in the quarter, early March in a lot of these places.
Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Hi, thanks. Good morning, Steve. Why don't you talk a little bit about the process and operations and protocols in your behavioral segment. And I'm just curious if there's been any changes in light of the investigation and, I guess, would there be any anticipated changes in just basic protocols and how you guys operate the business as part of that settlement towards. This been sort of status quo and no real changes in the operations?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I think it's mostly been the latter, Josh. I mean, I think we've talked about this a number of times over the course of this investigation, which is now frankly into its fifth year. We certainly have taken the investigation very seriously. We've reviewed carefully all the documents that have been provided to the government and have tried to look at them in a very sort of comprehensive way. So, looking at them to analyze whether they are indicative of internal issues or things that we ought to be fixing et cetera. Look, I think, like every organization, if you're going to take that hard of a look at yourself internally, you're always going to find small things that you're going to tweak, and I think we've done that. But in general, I think we have felt like the investigation really has not uncovered or identified significant or pervasive problems within the behavioral health division, within our practices, within our protocols, sort of all the things that you talked about. And honestly, we have made that argument very vigorously to the government.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Okay. And then – so it sounds like I don't want to look forward to your math, but as part of the settlement, it doesn't sound like there's any changes that need to be implemented either, right?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Well, to be fair, I don't think we're at that stage of the settlement negotiations where I can say to you that the government will not ask for and that we will not agree to changes. That subject has really not risen yet with the government. I assume at some point, it may, but it has not yet.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Okay, got you. And then just one more. Acute care side, flu impact, did you see anything? Obviously, a decent shift between admissions and adjusted admissions, but anything that you care to point out, impact on EBITDA, et cetera?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yes. I mean, we talked in Q4 about the fact that we felt like we had realized a fairly significant favorable impact from the flu in Q4. I think in most of our markets, we felt like the real heavy sort of flu utilization petered out pretty early in the first quarter, certainly, by the middle and maybe no longer than the end of January. So, I think, we felt like the flu impact, for us, was much, much more minimal and really not even worthy of kind of calling out separately in Q1. Just commenting on sort of admissions and revenue per adjusted admission, our admissions in 2017 were really quite robust and our revenue per admission was sort of on the low side. And a number of times we addressed that in our calls and pointed out that, we felt a big driver of that dynamic was that we were paying or putting a lot of focus on the whole inpatient and observation issue, and that in working with many of our payers, particularly out West, we felt like more and more patients were appropriately qualifying for admission status rather than observation status. And what that had – the impact of that was, it inflated the admission number but tended to reduce the revenue per admission number, because those tended to be below acuity admissions. We suggested that once we anniversary that dynamic in the beginning of 2018, that those numbers would sort of become more in balance. And we projected roughly a 5.5% or 6% acute care revenue growth rate in 2018. Our actual growth rate in Q1 was 5.8% when you adjust for the health plan. And we said we thought it would be more evenly split between admissions and revenue per admission, and it was. So I think from our perspective, the dynamics in the acute care division, particularly in Q1, have played out much in the way that we've expected and much in the way that we've suggested to people they will this year.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Perfect. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. First, Steve, on the behavioral side. I know that this is still carrying year-over-year headwinds from closed facilities and the type of environment in Puerto Rico. Can you walk us through that headwind for the impact this quarter, and when those headwinds diminish in your mind on a year-over-year basis?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure, Justin. I think, frankly, the easiest way for investors to see the bulk of the impact that you are referring to is, if you look at the delta or the difference between our behavioral same-store EBITDA in the quarter and our total behavioral EBITDA in the quarter. And our total behavioral EBITDA is about $11 million or $12 million lower. What drives that $11 million or $12 million delta is a couple of things: one, which we talked about at sort of great length in the third and fourth quarters last year, are these three sort of regulatory challenged facilities that we had in Boston and Dallas. And we closed those two facilities and then restructured a facility in Oklahoma City to accommodate sort of a lower revenue stream. And basically, the closeout or restructuring cost in those facilities are largely severance as employees are laid off, et cetera. So we probably had about $6 million or $7 million of those costs in Q1. And then, we probably had another $3 million or $4 million in costs or EBITDA drag, I should say, from the acquisition that we announced at the very end of the year, a facility in Gulfport, Mississippi. When we acquire a new facility like that, we have to get a new Medicare number. And for the three, four, five months that it takes to get a new Medicare number, we're unable to bill Medicare or Medicaid and generally run at a loss. And again, that loss was about $3 million or $4 million in the quarter. Now, I will note that all those items that I just mentioned are items that we budgeted for and I think, quite frankly, is the main reason why our internal budget was lower than the Street estimates for the quarter. I think the only other item that you mentioned was a Puerto Rico drag. That remains in our same-store numbers. And it's probably – Puerto Rico is probably $1 million or $2 million off of where it was last year. As far as how these things continue, the closeout restructuring costs should end in Q1. We are essentially finished with those. The Gulfport, Mississippi drag should end at some point in Q2. We've had our survey of that facility. And as soon as we get certified, we'll be able to bill effective with the date of the survey. So, presuming that we can get through that, that should end sometime very soon. Puerto Rico is a little bit hard to predict. As you know, the island continues to struggle with infrastructure issues, et cetera. So I wouldn't – it's not impossible that that continues to be a bit of a drag. But honestly, I think we anticipated that it would be a drag in our 2018 guidance.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. And then, just one more question. You mentioned that your numbers were off Street consensus by $20 million, off your number by closer to $5 million. There's a $15 million gap. And it sounds like you're telling us to take that and basically move it into the third quarter, so raise third quarter by $15 million. Just want to make sure that's the right way to interpret it. And then, anything specific in your mind? Like, is it just Street mis-modeling, or is there anything getting better in the third quarter or kind of annualizing in the third quarter that you think we should keep in mind? Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure. Look, we've intentionally, as you know, do not give quarterly guidance and I really don't want to get into sort of de facto giving quarterly guidance. But I'll simply make the point that our full year guidance is within, I think, $0.01 or $0.02 off the Street's consensus for the year. And so, again, I think we are largely on target and the only difference is timing. And I will suggest, as I did earlier on the call, that I think the bulk of that timing was that we had a less robust Q1, largely, I think, for the reasons I just enumerated, and we have a more robust Q3, largely because I think a lot of the negative issues that we had last year occurred in Q3 and then in Q4, so the comparison becomes much easier. But I'm not going to tell people exactly how they should model the year. But hopefully, this discussion gives people a pretty good sense of how we're looking at the trajectory of the rest of the year.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tanal with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. I guess, just starting with the health insurance pullback. How did the impact in Q1 compare with your expectations and should we be modeling something similar for the balance of the year?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So, Steve, just to make the point. There is a fairly significant decline in healthcare revenue, which, again, I mentioned in our prepared remarks, because we include the health plan in our same-store revenue. The driver of that revenue decline is we have largely reconfigured our business and particularly our service lines in that health plan business, most especially getting out of the commercial exchange business as, you know, I think, a number of other insurers have done. Because that was a losing business for us, the net impact is, we reduced our revenue fairly significantly, but our EBITDA in the health plan is actually up a couple of million dollars in the quarter now. I think, again, on the fourth quarter call, when we just talked about our guidance for the year, we suggested that we were thinking that the health plan would create about a $5 million or $10 million tailwind for the year as we expected their results to improve. So I think we're on track to be in that range and continue to be so. But just making the point that the Q1 revenue difference, which I do think will continue for most of the year, is not something that really will fall through to EBITDA in any sort of material way. In fact, I think it'll have the opposite effect on EBITDA.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Awesome. That's helpful. And just generally, clearly, you have more visibility on pricing for the balance of the year. So I just want to understand kind of what levels of adjusted admits you're assuming for the balance of the year, both in acute and behavioral, kind of, at the low and the high end of guidance? And maybe any other general comments on utilization and the outlook there would be helpful and I'll yield. Thank you.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, I'm just going to repeat the comments that we made in our Q4 call, which was that our guidance for the year presumes that acute care revenue growth would be in that sort of 5.5% to 6% range and it would be split pretty evenly between volumes and price. And again, I think that's pretty much we ran in the first quarter. In the first quarter, we were a little bit more skewed to price than to volumes, and I suspect those numbers might bounce around a little bit during the year. On the behavioral side, we talked about getting to something close to 5% same-store revenue growth by the third quarter. And we imagine that would be 3% to 4% volume and 1% to 2% price. In Q1, we did actually better on the pricing side. I think as we have pressured our payers for some price increases to offset, quite frankly, some of the other volume pressures that we see, but I think that remains our projection. Now again, the ramp for behavioral or the behavioral results for the year presume much more of a ramp, that each quarter we presume that the revenue growth will incrementally increase a little bit differently than on the acute side where we thought it would be pretty steady and ratable.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So, just one last follow-up, if I can. On the behavioral side, was there any sort of meaningful impact from those three facilities that you've now closed on the overall same-store metrics that kind of goes away as we think about this ramp?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Well, again, maybe I was not clear about this, but I think effectively, we've removed those hospitals from same-store. So as I said, there's $6 million or $7 million of closeout costs in there. But to your point, I think, by removing those hospitals from same-store, it does hurt the same-store EBITDA numbers because those hospitals were generally profitable in the first half of the year. So, that creates a headwind for us in the first half of the year. It'll create a tailwind in the back half of the year, when they were losing significant money and they won't be in the same-store. All that, of course, is embedded in our guidance.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Crédit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks. Hi, everybody. I just want to first maybe ask about the length of stay pressures for the Managed Medicaid that you've been experiencing. I know I think when we were down there in December, there was some discussion about setting up a task force to sort of look market by market and really try to drill down exactly what's happening there. So, how should we think about this going forward? We just get to the third quarter and your sort of anniversary the incremental pressure you saw last year and it sort of steadies out, or have you guys felt like there's something you can to do to push back on this? Where are you at your thinking on the length of stay pressure?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So I think the point that we made in Q4 and I think we've made for the last few quarters is that, what we see on the behavioral side is that, within each of the payer categories, length of stay is relatively stable. And what I think drives the overall reduction in length of stay is the continued shift. Mostly, I think, at this point and particular in Q1, from traditional Medicaid to Managed Medicaid, so our managed payers, probably not surprisingly to most people, tend to be more aggressive from a utilization review perspective. I think what you're alluding to, A.J., is that, across the board, I think we're taking a hard look at length of stay and length of stay management and utilization review management by all of our payers, and just taking the steps that we think are necessary and appropriate to have the right and appropriate clinically justified length of stay. So where we think payers are arbitrarily reducing length of stay where it is not clinically indicated, we continue to push back in all sorts of ways, both in terms of strengthening our documentation, strengthening our contractual language, sometimes challenging the payers through the state insurance commissioners, all those sorts of things. To be fair, I think we find that, that is a kind of slow and tedious process and perhaps takes us longer than we might have originally anticipated. So, I think, our point of view is that, as you articulated, we don't believe length of stay is really going to continue to worsen. And particularly, when we get in the back half of the year, the comparisons will get a lot easier for us, which again is part of the reason why I think our budgetary ramp for the year may be a little bit steeper than the Street's. But we will continue to do all those things that I just enumerated as we continue to really – I think fight on behalf of our patients for the clinically appropriate and justified length of stay.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then the other thing I was going to ask you about was, maybe on the capital deployment question. You guys have pulled – slowed down the buyback pace in the first quarter. I mean, clearly we've seen other guys when they're trying to negotiate with the government, maybe put things like that on a little hold or slow down, maybe that's it. But I also wondered whether there was anything in the deal pipeline that you guys are seeing, either in acute or behavioral, that looks interesting or are you – your thought process on whether you might see transactions step up in terms of potential acquisitions.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I think two sort of discrete issues. I think your first comment, A.J. is fairly accurate. I think we feel that, as we get what we hope is closer to an ultimate settlement with the government, it probably makes sense to hit the pause button a little bit on our share repurchase activity. As far as the deal pipeline, it's always difficult to characterize. It seems to be open and active on both sides of the business. But, I think, as it always has been, there's a lot of activity and it's always very difficult to predict with any level of precision how much of that activity can ultimately result in an executable transaction. So we continue to be busy in terms of evaluation and assessment on the M&A side. But I wouldn't say that we've slowed down our repurchase activity because we've got anything imminent in the pipeline. I don't think that's the case.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay.
Alan B. Miller - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Let me add to A.J.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay.
Alan B. Miller - Universal Health Services, Inc.: A.J., good luck at your new employee.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Alan B. Miller - Universal Health Services, Inc.: They're lucky to get you. We're also busy with integration, and that is joint ventures with non-profits. We're very active there, and that's a good area for us. It's another area. We're going to open a hospital in Lancaster. We're up in Oregon. It's a good new area for us.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Interesting. So, that relates to the IMD exclusion, easing and people on the behavioral side or is it something else?
Alan B. Miller - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I think it relates to the fact that the non-profits that are not in behavioral look to the leader and they want to get into that part of the business for going forward. So we're there, and I think we're going to be very prominent.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, interesting. So, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sarah James with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. I wanted to understand the step up in salary expense. Can you break out if this pressure was more on the acute or behavioral side? And then help us understand if this was more one-time pressure like signing bonuses for new recruits, or if it's more ongoing like hourly wage increases? Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sarah, so from my perspective, I think that the wage environment and, I guess, the labor environment has not changed a great deal over the course of the last few years. We've been in a pretty tight labor market for a while now. And I think it affects both segments of the business potentially in different ways. On the acute side, there's been a lot of pressure on what we described as premium pay, overtime to our own nurses, and the use of temporary or registry or outside nurses or traveling nurses. But to be fair, I don't – we've been at this sort of pretty low unemployment rate now for several quarters at least, and I don't necessarily believe there is incremental pressure. I think the main sort of issue that you see between the two segments is when you've got the acute care segment growing at roughly 6% revenue growth, it's able to drive margin expansion because that's a sufficient level of revenue growth to achieve operating leverage and efficiencies. On the behavioral side, we're not quite there yet. That sort of 3.5% or a little higher revenue growth is just simply not enough to drive real operating efficiencies. And so I think we have pretty sort of flattish same-store EBITDA. I think in both cases, it's more a function of the revenue growth than it is any significant changes on the salary side. Again, it's a tight labor market on both sides of the business and I think will continue to be so as long as we're at these very historically low employment rates. But I don't see anything terribly new or incremental in that regard.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. And just to follow-up on your comment on the behavioral side. While you're waiting for the revenue to ramp back up in a way that could facilitate higher margins, are there any cost initiatives that are going on that can help offset some of the wage pressure on the behavioral segment?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Look, as a CFO, it's sort of always my natural inclination to believe that every business that we own could be run a little bit more efficiently. But to be fair, I think that our behavioral business has been and continues to be run at a pretty highly efficient level. And I certainly don't believe there's a ton of low-hanging fruit. Again, we're constantly, I think, as any good operator is, trying to make sure that all the things that we're doing are efficient within the confines of making sure that we continue to maintain the highest quality of care for our patients. But I wouldn't suggest or offer to people that there's a ton of opportunity for efficiency until and unless we continue to increase that revenue growth, which we expect we will do.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning. Just want to wrap up one final question on some of the weakness that caused in the first quarter you attributed to outpatient behavioral volumes. I'm just curious if you have any commentary. Have you seen that recover to more normalized level here in the second quarter so far? That's my first question. And then, I think, in the past, you've talked about some of the relationships with some of your referrals sources from acute care hospitals to your freestanding behavioral hospitals, about the mix of the referrals that you've seen. Is that an area that you focused on and any progress in terms of getting a better mix of referrals from those acute sources? Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So, I think your first question, Frank, I think, is really asking for kind of a preliminary read on the outpatient activity in Q2. Honestly, I think what I've said to people historically is, inpatient volumes is something that we literally get sort of a daily real-time read on. Most of the other data within our two businesses, we get some anecdotal feedback on things like outpatient revenue and surgical trends, et cetera, but nothing terribly precise. My gut reaction, and again, this is more anecdotal and subjective, from talking to our folks out in the field is that, yeah, in these markets where we had a bad weather first quarter, the volumes and the activity have rebounded in Q2, but I don't have a lot of data to support that. We'll have to wait for another month or two to see whether that proves out to be correct. I think your second question, it really talked about the fact that we have indicated in 2017 that our Medicaid utilization had risen. To some degree, we attributed that to the IMD exclusion being lifted. But I think we also suggested that in some markets, some of our referral sources, our acute care hospitals, ERs in particular, were being more selective in sending us sometime some of their Medicaid patients, but not necessarily Medicare and commercial. I think that's a pretty sort of specific sort of comment, and in those markets, we are sort of addressing that with our referral sources. I would say, generally, our payer mix has remained pretty stable in Q1 and has not changed a great deal.
Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got you. And you mentioned you did have more clarity on the inpatient side of behavioral. So any color on how the inpatient side is looking so far in 2Q? Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I'm always hesitant to really give a lot of sort of feedback in that regard. Again, I think generally the calendar this year – and I'm not a big calendar guy, but I think the calendar was generally skewed to better volumes in April than in March. The surveys that I've seen sort of suggest that. I think that's been our experience on both the behavioral and the acute side. And other than that, I don't know that I would suggest that there's a ton of trends that I think are worth calling out at this point.
Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. On the acute side, your occupancy improved nicely year-over-year, but you weren't able to bring that much to the bottom line in terms of incremental margin. I'm wondering, first, I thought that those lower acuity admissions may be tied to the flu, but you said flu wasn't much of an impact. So I'm wondering if there's something else that caused what looks like lower acuity admissions in the quarter.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Look, Peter, it's always difficult for me to respond to sort of other people's expectations. But again, we talked about acute care performance and our guidance for our acute care performance in 2018 being 5.5% to 6% revenue growth and 6% to 7% EBITDA growth. We hit both of those metrics in Q1. Again, I'll sort of repeat what I said somebody earlier, as a CFO, I'm always of the mind that we could have done a little better, could have been a bit more efficient, could have – but generally, I felt like our acute care performance was very much in line with our expectations and very much in line with what we laid out for the year. And again in an environment, as I said, where it is a tight labor market, where there is a reasonable amount of wage pressure and has been for some time, I thought it was a pretty strong performance.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then on the behavioral side, can you talk about opioid treatment? I assume that's mostly going to outpatient treatment. Have we seen a pickup in that and how are you on setting up new programs for that, where do we stand on seeing any kind of incremental revenue from the opioid situation?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. Look, I think you sort of – in asking your question, you've sort of framed the sort of conundrum for us, and that is, there is certainly as I think anybody who reads newspaper or browses the Internet knows the amount of opioid addiction and the amount of sort of addiction illness in general is doing nothing but increasing in great numbers and at a great pace. The reimbursement for that treatment, I'm not sure is keeping pace with the actual demand. Now there have been some additional federal monies dedicated et cetera and legislation passed. But I'm not sure that has really flowed through to the provider community and the patient community yet. So we're watching it very closely and I think in certain markets where there clearly is incremental reimbursement available, we have created, as you suggested, largely outpatient programs to respond to it. But I would say, at this point, we have not been benefited in any measurable way from an increase in addiction demand or really, I would say, addiction reimbursement. We expect that in the future we might, and we're very attuned to that. But I don't think it's occurred yet.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. You talked about reconfiguring the health plan with getting out of the exchanges. I guess, are you still committed to having that offering as it's clearly been driving a lot of noise. And then are you – given that you're sort of a pretty concentrated portfolio, do you have interest or have employers in your markets showing sort of more interest and discussion around direct contracting?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So, Ralph, I guess, the way I would answer the question again, I think we've talked about the rationale for the health plan, it's probably I think going on 3.5 years old at this point, we've owned it for 3.5 years. I think two things. We bought the health plan because I think we have a point of view, as I think most hospital providers have, that we will continue to move to more of a risk-based environment where providers of all sorts, hospitals and physicians, take on more risk and act more like insurers in the future, and as a consequence, will require skills like underwriting skills that they historically have not had. We always thought that owning an insurance company and having that platform and having that infrastructure would enable us to build that very important skill set. I think the other issue for us is, we feel like, on a market by market basis, being able to use that underwriting expertise to create things like Medicare Advantage plans in certain markets or accountable care organizations in other markets, again, is an extremely important competitive advantage to be able to leverage. So yeah, I think we're committed to continue to remain in that business, but I think as our current activity indicates, we will adjust the business and tweak it to do the things that we think are most effective, most profitable and then do not do things that don't generate profitability or steer business to our hospitals, et cetera. I mean, we're not in the insurance business just for the sake of doing it. We think it's beneficial to our hospitals and beneficial to our overall results. And I apologize, Ralph, on...
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: The direct contracting?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Oh, yeah. We're not – again, at this point, I don't think we're seeing a great deal of direct contracting from employers, partly because in most of our markets I think the employers are simply not big enough to do that. We've seen a little bit like I think from the casinos in Las Vegas, some of the casinos, but generally not. But again, building that underwriting expertise I think will allow us to do that if there's more of a demand for it in the future.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then, I did want to go back and try to better understand the components of the same facility revenue growth. You mentioned, and we did certainly see, outsized volume in the last kind of year or two, and then muted and even negative pricing. And you talked about sort of the shift back of observation in patient and now it normalizing. I think I'm just not sure I'm following the dynamics on the impact on the pricing side and why would that have the impact of popping the pricing stat. And then the second piece of that which is the – on the pricing side, is there anything more in terms of either pure pricing increases that you're getting, payer mix or acuity mix to comment that might have helped us stack this quarter. Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, again, I think the dynamic is simply that, if what you're doing is converting those observation patients, a portion of observation patients to inpatients, what it will do will increase the number of admissions and drive a higher than sort of, I'll call it, average admission growth rate, which I think was happening in 2018 and which I think we called out multiple times. But at the same time, it tends to lower the average revenue per admission, because by definition, those patients who are on the bubble of meeting admission criteria are your least acute patients. They're not open-heart surgery patients, they're not hip implant patients, they're not – your ER trauma patients, they're patients who are, again, at a lower acuity levels. So again, admitting them drives higher inpatient admission numbers, but tends to drag down that overall revenue per admission.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then just payer mix and acuity mix in the quarter?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I think both payer mix and acuity were fairly constant for the quarter. Again, I mentioned that it was not nearly as busy a flu quarter as the fourth quarter was, so that didn't have much of an impact. So as I think about it, I think, both payer mix and acuity were pretty stable in the quarter.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Just a couple of questions. Steve, on the outpatient revenue shortfall versus budget that you discussed related to weather, would you be willing to quantify like how far short of budget were you?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. So when we did the analysis, if we were at just last year's level of outpatient revenue growth, our adjusted patient day growth would've gone from 0.4% to 0.9%. So it's worth like 50 basis points of adjusted patient days.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I'll do some maths on that. And then my other question was, admissions growth faster than adjusted admissions growth, which is rare. And I guess it's primarily the outpatient revenue shortfall. I just want to make sure that the health plan revenue wasn't included in the gross revenue you were using those calculations and skewing it at all.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: No. So when we do the revenue per patient day and revenue per admission calculations, we exclude the health plan.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Last question, do you have a same-store ER visit number you can share?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: There's a little bit for memory, but I think pretty consistent with our admission growth. It was in that sort of 3%, 3.5% range.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. Just wanted to see a little bit more about what you felt like the core improvement was happening, if any, I guess, in the site business this quarter versus Q4. I think on the Q4 call, you said, excluding hurricanes in Puerto Rico and Houston and the regulatory challenges at the three sites, that you were saying the site business grew revenue about 3.5%. And it sounds like you're saying, kind of excluding some of those same issues at Puerto Rico, you're looking at 3.5% again this quarter. So is that fair that the number kind of on a core basis was relatively stable from quarter-to-quarter or is there anything going on underneath that that makes you feel better about the trajectory?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. So I think when you sum the patient days and the revenue per patient day, you're at that roughly 3.6%. I think we can see, Kevin, that number is probably a few million dollars light from where we thought we would be. And again, we attribute most of that shortfall to the outpatient shortfall in the quarter. So I think we have the view that if the outpatient revenue have been where we thought it would be, we would have been pretty close to our revenue growth trajectory for the quarter.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So when you kind of segregate it, your view is that the core business is showing the improvement that you would have thought outside of outpatient?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, we think so.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, going back to another question about margins in behavioral, just a few years ago, those margins were like 26%, 27% type margins. You're now more like 22%. Are those – where do you think a normalized margin might be over time, once you get the business growing 5% again?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Look, what I would say, Kevin, is I think the reason the margins have declined over the last few years is because the revenue growth has been below – I don't mean to sort of make it like it's a magical number, but that sort of 5% revenue growth that we think is right around, particularly in a kind of a tighter labor environment, the number you need to drive operating leverage and margin expansion. My point of view is that if and when, and we believe we will get to those numbers relatively soon, those revenue growth numbers, we will continue to drive margin expansion again much as we did for many years in the behavioral business. And effectively, you'll get those incremental margins as long as you can sustain that level of growth. I mean, the fundamental sort of business model for the hospital business, and I think it's true for both behavioral and acute, is that as long as you can continue to drive that revenue growth, it is largely a fixed and semi-fixed cost business, and as long as that volume growth is not constrained physically by capacity issues, et cetera, I mean, again, maybe the easy answer from my perspective at a minimum, we ought to be able to get back to those margins that we were running before we started to experience the labor issues two or three years ago.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, on the acute side, it sounds like you're saying there's shifts in observation to short-stay admissions, anniversarying that dynamic is really basically is that – is it fair to say the entire kind of slowdown in core volumes? Or is there anything that you would point to on core acute care volumes year-over-year underneath that and anything regionally that you might point to?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: No, I don't think so.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just last question. You guys changed the settlement amount that you booked on your balance sheet. Is there anything that we should read into that? Is there anything that we should expect to happen two or three more times or does this argue for significant or meaningful progress along those negotiations?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: What I would say is that our outside accountants have told us that the accepted convention in the accounting industry at the moment is that companies are required to reserve for at least their minimum level of willingness to settle in these situations. So, I think, what to be read into it is that our current reserve is just that, is an indication of our minimum willingness to settle or I guess, alternatively, we've made an offer in and around that number to the government. Having said that, I would suggest that this continues to be a process. I wouldn't suggest to people that we are close to settling at that number by any stretch. Even though, as I did say to somebody earlier in the call, we continue to vigorously defend our position to the government, it is entirely possible that that number changes a number of times in the future. We would hope not too many times and we hope this doesn't go on for too long, but honestly, we're largely stuck at proceeding at the government's pace. And we'll continue to cooperate and respond to the government as expeditiously as we can, but in large part, we will proceed at their pace.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of an Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah, thanks. Good morning. The first question, just follow up on the acute side, it is noticeable always that your volumes were higher and you attributed it to observation stays and your pricing growth was lower. Is this intentional the shift that you have put together – seen this quarter and is it coming from the specific set of payers or is it dictated by payer mix or might this again bounce around going forward because it just happened, if you will, rather than being intentional?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So again, I mean, this is an issue that we spoke about I think just about every quarter last year. I think what we were finding is that, our payers, particularly our payers in, what I would describe as, our Western markets, California, Las Vegas, were in our minds our commercial payers were being particularly aggressive about observation status and keeping patients out of the inpatient status. And we – I do think very deliberately pushed back in a number of different ways, again, better documentation, different contractual terms in our contracts, et cetera and, I think, made a significant amount of progress in 2017. But on multiple occasions, again, I think we pointed it out, we try to be very transparent about what was happening and suggest that, that was sort of inflating the admission numbers in 2017 and those numbers would regress to something more normal in 2018, which I think is what has happened. Back to your question, I mean, are those numbers likely to bounce around from quarter-to-quarter? The answer to that is, always yes. Volume numbers and utilization numbers in the hospital business are not absolutely predictable. So yes, those numbers will bounce around some for a variety of reasons, including some fluctuation in the whole inpatient observation dynamic.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, thanks. And then again on the volumes in acute, a lot of your peers in the not-for-profit systems talk a lot more it feels like about mix shifting to ambulatory and ASCs and ED to urgent care. I haven't heard that from you, and maybe I just missed it in terms of what you're observing and your CapEx strategies and building out access points, and is that because of the nature of your markets or something else?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: No. Look, I think, Ana, we have the same general point of view as most of our acute care peers, both for-profit and not-for-profit have, and that is, we know that a significant portion of the business has shifted to ambulatory settings. It so happens that investment in the ambulatory business tends by its nature to be just smaller, costs $10 million to build a freestanding emergency department as opposed to the $200 million of cost to build a freestanding hospital. So we don't necessarily call it out. But we have, and have mentioned previously, probably a dozen freestanding EDs, for example, that are either operational or under development at the moment in a number of geographies. We have primary care physician sites in a bunch of our hospitals, we have some urgent care sites, some outpatient imaging ambulatory sites. And again, every one of those strategies is tailored to the markets. So no, honestly, I think in the markets that we're in, we're as aggressively investing in the ambulatory business as any of our peers.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, that's helpful. I didn't realize that. And then the final one on acute, if I could. On procedure volumes and seasonality, there was a little bit of something in the hurricane, but it felt like 4Q was steeper last year than it has been in the past. And moving into 1Q, have you seen something that would suggest that the seasonality is continuing to accelerate, and is that because of more ASC-type commercial, high-deductible type procedures or you're not seeing and have you seen sort of a stabilization at this point of seasonality?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: It's a good question, Ana. Honestly, not one that I think we are best positioned to answer. As you know, I think there were a lot of sort of experts, if you will, who predicted that Q4 volume for hospital providers would be higher because so many more plans had higher copays and deductibles that would encourage their subscribers to have ambulatory source of elective procedures at the end of 2017 if they had exhausted their copays and deductibles. And that in turn, Q1 volumes could be somewhat lower. But this advantage that we have at the moment is, number one, we don't know what our hospital peers are going to report over the course of the next week or two weeks, so that's hard to measure. And it's just very difficult for us to measure whether patients in total, have more patients have exhausted their copays or deductibles, et cetera. I think the insurers are much better positioned to do that. So honestly, I think later in the year, maybe in Q2 or Q3, we'll be able to look back and see if there was kind of more of a seasonality shift in Q4 and Q1, but at the moment, I think that's very difficult for us to do with any level of precision or objectivity.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Thank you. Then moving to behavioral, one question on the pricing growth being better. You said you've been able to convince your peers, pressing better on negotiation. Is that a sustainable level of pricing growth improvement? Is it being driven by one specific segment of payers or even within a segment, certain set of payers, or is it more kind of a mix issue on payer mix or something else?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I mean, I think that our pricing in the quarter was on the higher side. Again, we described our expectation for future pricing to be in sort of that 1% to 2% range, and I think it's more likely that that's where it tends to reside. But we are aggressively going back to payers. We have not had in our minds adequate increases from in some time and those are both government and non-government payers, meaning managed and unmanaged payers. And we'll continue to do that. But no, I wouldn't suggest to people that the three-plus percent price increase that we saw in Q1 is necessarily sustainable over the long-term. I think something a little bit lower than that is probably more realistic.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks. One final one. We saw the undertakings on Cambian. I think you took the last one on. As far as now the – broadly, what are you seeing on the volumes and census in the U.K.? And I believe, NHS is beginning to increase wages for nurses? Meaningfully, any likely pressures there? It's much smaller for you, but just what are you observing, if anything.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yes. I mean, I think, for us, our U.K. experience in 2017 was fairly specific in the sense that because we spent most of the year going through the CMA process, the U.K. equivalent of the FTC, and one unable to combine the Cambian business with our legacy business. We didn't really have the opportunity to sort of drive any actual operating efficiencies, but even sort of best practices and things, and I think that we feel like 2018 will be a year of greater opportunity to do that. And so, I think, as the year progresses, we'll be able to better report even though it is a relatively small component of the business, on hopefully, improvements we've been able to make to that business now that we have been able to combine it since late 2017.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Got it. Thanks Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Ransom with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I don't think you talked about this, but just any quick update on how your addiction business is doing? I know it's small. But I'm just curious about how that is trending versus your behavioral, if you see any diversions there?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: No. I mean, again, I think in response to Peter Costa's question earlier, which was a little bit more sort of forward-looking, again, I think we see a decent amount of demand in the addiction business, both in sort of our dedicated addiction business, both in sort of our dedicated addiction business, as well as in many of our other facilities that have at least a component of addiction treatment. But I think the addiction treatment business is undergoing some fairly significant changes, moving more from an out-of-network model to more of an in-network model, moving in some cases from an inpatient model to an outpatient model. We're sorting of sorting through all those things as you suggest. I mean, addiction treatment is a relatively small component of our overall behavioral business. But I think we're very attuned to those changes and trying to take advantage of those changes as we move forward.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: John Ransom>: And then my other question, and again I'm sorry, if I missed this, but U.K. labor proposal by the NHS, do you have any use there that are worth talking about?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Many ways, I view it as sort of a similar situation. I think the U.K. labor market is tight and will remain tight for some time. I think I have said on some previous calls that one of the things that most attracted us to the Cambian business was that there management really had a long track record of managing labor pressures really well. And I think we felt like there were again best practices that they would be able to bring to our legacy business. Again, we really were able to do that in 2017 because we had to hold the two businesses separate until we were through the CMA process. I think we're hoping to be able to leverage some of those practices in 2018. We'll be better able to report on that later this year.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Most of my follow-ups have been asked, but I'll ask this one. What about surgical volumes. Gary asked about same-store ER volumes, but what about surgical volumes in the quarter? Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, so I think our inpatient surgical volumes in particular were strong, and you're generally tracked sort of inpatient admissions, that is they're growing in that kind of 2% to 3% range. Outpatient balances around a little bit more just because there's a ton of really low acuity outpatient procedures initiative sometimes, be up or down. But I think our overall surgical procedures have been pretty much tracking our admission volumes.
Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Hynes with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Ann Kathleen Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Hi good morning. So I have a more strategic question for you. When I look at your stock performance over the long-term, obviously, it's been great. But it's been a rough two years for shareholders since you've been having these issues in the behavioral segment. I think we're really going on the tenth quarter of underperformance. So for shareholders and analysts who are really stuck while you are fixing these issues, at what point do you look at the share performance over the past two years and decide, need to unlock the value of the company because I would argue this company has a lot of value. Your acute care business is doing really well, you're under-levered, you generate quick cash. And although, behavioral's underperformance, it's still a great business. But the stock doesn't, I guess reflect that reality. So I guess, what are your thoughts on that?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So Ann, I don't think we necessarily disagree with your observation. I think, as operators, I think our priorities are to address the issues in the business that have created some of the underperformance in a pretty difficult environment over the last couple of years. I feel like we've made a lot of progress in that regard. It has been and I think we can see a little bit longer slog, a little bit slower than we originally envisioned. But I think we feel like we are making real progress and then ultimately, those improved results will sort of trigger the kind of evaluation performance that you're suggesting, you would hope to see. I think in addition to that, we have been an active acquirer. We're on shares. I suggest that before I think sort of prudent reasons than current reasons, we've kind of put a pause on that, but we have every intention and expectation that we can do that and we'll do that again in the future. And I think, from our perspective, those are the two most important things that we're going to do which is continue to really focus on improving the operational metrics that we think are within our control. And again, I think we feel like we've done a lot of that, and I think we feel like it's going to start to pay bigger dividends, not to use that phrase necessarily. But – and then secondly, we're going to try and deploy capital in the most efficient way that we can, but would really love to get to the other side of this government investigation before we do that in a significant way.
Ann Kathleen Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. And then I'm sorry, if I missed this, but I know cash flow you talked about in the press release, but your expectation is for cash flow to grow this year, correct?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think our expectation is that cash flows should grow largely the same way that EBITDA grows ultimately for the year.
Ann Kathleen Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Steve Tanal with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Just wanted to squeeze one quick one here. The other operating expense line was pretty well controlled in both segments. Can you just talk about the drivers of the sustainability of that and whether that line includes health plan earnings as kind of a contra expense just for the models here?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yes. So, second part of your sort of question or suggestion, Steve, is correct. So when I talk particularly on the acute side about reduction in premium revenue on the health plan, there's a concurrent and commensurate reduction in medical loss payments and that gets recorded in our other operating expense, to fetch that line as well. But also generally, that other operating expense line in both of the businesses tends to be where most of the fixed and semi-fixed costs reside, so they tend not to be as volatile as some of the salary and supply numbers.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: That is all the questions at this time.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Okay, we thank everybody for their time, and look forward to speaking again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-03-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc. Alan B. Miller - Universal Health Services, Inc.
Analysts: Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co. A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Angela, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter and Year-End Conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Mr. Steve Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. And we both welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services' results for the full year and fourth quarter ended December 31, 2017. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecast, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $7.81 for the year and $2.31 for the quarter. After adjusting each period for the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, the favorable impact from January 1, 2017 adoption of ASU 2016-09 and the depreciation and amortization expense associated with the implementation of electronic health records applications at our acute care hospitals, all is disclosed on the supplemental schedule included with last night's earnings release, adjusted net income attributable to UHS increased to $189.6 million or $2 per diluted share for the quarter ended December 31, 2017 as compared to $176 million or $1.80 per diluted share during the fourth quarter of 2016. On a same-facility basis, in our acute care division, net revenues increased 6.5% during the fourth quarter of 2017 due primarily to a 7.3% increase in adjusted admissions. On a same-facility basis, net revenues in our behavioral health division increased 1.6% during the fourth quarter of 2017. Adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 2.5%, while adjusted patient days decreased 0.7% during the fourth quarter of 2017 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 2.9% during the fourth quarter of 2017 over the comparable prior year quarter. Our cash generated from operating activities was $1.183 billion during 2017 as compared to $1.334 billion during 2016. Contributing to the $151 million decrease was an unfavorable change of $144 million in cash flows from foreign currency forward exchange contracts related to our investments in the UK. Our accounts receivable days outstanding remained unchanged at 52 days during each of the fourth quarters of 2017 and 2016. At December 31, 2017, our ratio of debt to total capitalization declined to 44.7% as compared to 47.7% at December 31, 2016. We spent $139 million on capital expenditures during the fourth quarter of 2017 and $558 million during the full year of 2017. In 2017, we completed and opened 471 new behavioral health beds, including de novo facilities. During 2018, we expect to spend approximately $600 million to $625 million on capital expenditures, which includes expenditures for capital equipment, renovations, new projects at existing hospitals and construction of new facilities. Also, in January of 2018, we acquired the Gulfport Behavioral Health System, a 109-bed behavioral health care facility located in Gulfport, Mississippi. In conjunction with our share repurchase program that commenced in 2014, during the fourth quarter of 2017, we repurchased approximately 1 million shares of our stock at a cost of approximately $101 million or $100 per share. Since inception of the program through December 31, 2017, we have repurchased approximately 7.35 million shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $836 million or $114 per share. Our estimated range of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for the year ended December 31, 2017 is $1.758 billion to $1.837 billion, representing an increase of approximately 3% to 7% over the $1.709 billion of EBITDA generated during 2017. In addition, our 2018 guidance range includes an estimated favorable impact on our provision for income taxes and net income attributable to UHS of approximately $142 million to $152 million resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 as discussed in last night's press release. Our estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2018 is $9.25 to $9.90 per diluted share. This guidance range also includes the favorable impact of approximately $1.52 per diluted share to $1.63 per diluted share resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. This adjusted EPS guidance range represents an increase of approximately 23% to 31% over the adjusted net income attributable to UHS of $7.53 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2017 as calculated on the supplemental schedule included in last night's press release. During 2017, our net revenues are estimated to be approximately $10.92 billion to $11.06 billion, representing an increase of approximately 5% to 6% over our 2017 net revenues. Alan and I will be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: Your first question is from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Steve, on the behavioral side, can you give us some color in terms of, ex the hurricanes and ex some of the regulatory challenges you're facing at a handful of facilities, what was your view of same-store revenue growth and behavioral EBITDA year-over-year?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure, Justin. So, we discussed in our third quarter conference call two non-recurring items in the third quarter. One – and you've referenced both of them, one was the impact of the hurricane or various hurricanes in the third quarter. We estimated that to be about $7 million or $8 million in the third quarter and suggest that that impact would continue into the fourth quarter, largely in our Puerto Rico facilities and, to a lesser degree, in a couple of Houston facilities. And, in fact, we had another sort of $7 million or $8 million drag in Q4. Similarly, we discussed, as you referenced, three, what we described as regulatory-challenged facilities in Q3 that amounted to a drag of $9 million or $10 million in the third quarter, and said that it would also persist into Q4. It did. We also said that, by the end of the year, we would resolve those issues. We have resolved those three facilities in the sense that in Boston and in Dallas, we have decided to close the facilities in question partly because we have a broad network of hospitals in those two markets where we think we can treat most of the patients that were being treated at those two hospitals. And then, in Oklahoma, where we have lost a significant Medicaid contract or state contract, we regained that contract as of January 1. So, we're back on a more favorable trajectory in our Oklahoma facility. Having said all that, I think when you make the adjustments for those items in Q4, we believe that same-store behavioral health revenue was about – grew by about 3.5% over last year's fourth quarter and EBITDA was generally fairly flat, maybe just down very slightly.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then, it looks like mix was the key driver of why we didn't see the hope for behavioral same-store revenue improvement on an adjusted basis. Can you give us some color on what you saw there? And then you're two months into the first quarter, any updates you can give us on both volume and mix on the behavioral side and how you see things trending through the first two months of Q1? Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I think as the metrics suggest, our admission growth, our behavioral admission growth in Q4 was generally within our expectations. Length of stay, which has been a pressure point at various times during 2017, did pressure our overall volume growth and therefore, our overall revenue growth in the quarter. And I think, Justin, as your question suggests, we believe that most of that pressure was a result of payer mix issues. And when I say that, I really mean just an increase in Medicaid patients and a decline mostly in Medicare patients. And our Medicaid patients generally have a lower length of stay. So, to the degree, we have more Medicaid and less Medicare patients, our overall length of stay will naturally decline somewhat, and I think we saw that in Q4. Our expectation is that the underlying demand for our behavioral beds and our behavioral services remains rather strong. We're going to continue to market and focus on all of those who are demanding our services, but especially for Medicare and commercial patients for whom we may have seen some slight decline in business. And that will help restore both the length of stay and the revenue trajectory so that we can get back to this 5% same-store revenue growth target that we have talked about for some time and that we – our guidance assumes that we'll achieve that sometime in the middle of 2018.
Operator: Your next question is from Peter Costa with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. I apologize if I missed this, but your revenue rebound in the acute care space, clearly, some of those is hurricane related, but the part of it that was not hurricane-related, where was that geographically? Can you talk about that a little bit?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So, I mean, again, Peter, when I think you say some of the rebound, I assume you're talking sequentially from the third quarter.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes, correct.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I think when you compare to the fourth quarter of last year, we are getting several benefits in our acute care revenues and EBITDA. One is, and we talked about this a number of times during 2017, a fairly significant turnaround in our health plan operations. That's really more of an EBITDA issue. But in the fourth quarter, there's probably a $15 million, $16 million turnaround in our health plan results in Q4, largely as a result of a very soft fourth quarter last year. There's also, as much has been written about and talked about, a very significant flu impact in Q4. And while I think we always find it difficult to sort of absolutely precisely define what the benefit is, I think we believe it probably helped our admissions and our revenues by 150, 200 basis points in the quarter, and probably contributed an incremental $9 million or $10 million of EBITDA in the quarter. And then finally, I think as at least one of our peers, Tenet, has discussed at some length, we did have sort of a catch-up California provider tax revenue in the fourth quarter of $6 million or $7 million. So, that's probably $30 million to $33 million of, to some degree, non-recurring EBITDA. Now, again, I think even if you adjust the fourth quarter results, the fourth quarter acute care results for those non-recurring items, it was still a very, very strong quarter. But it's helpful to sort of keep that in mind as you think about what the ongoing earnings power of the segment is.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. And then just one more, if you don't mind. The additional funding for the opioid crisis, some of that's going to be headed towards behavioral health treatment. Have you thought about how you're positioned to capture some of that and what could you capture of that today and what do you think it'll mean for the company over the next year or two?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I think it's worth noting, Peter, that we have a well-established addiction treatment business that would include the treatment of patients who are suffering from opioid addiction. Today, I think we would estimate that somewhere around 10% of our behavioral revenues are addiction treatment related. Again, difficult to make it a terribly precise number because so many patients who have addiction illness also have other diagnoses, and these dual diagnosis patients as they're referred to are often – or they're not always characterized as addiction patients. But with 10% of our revenues currently coming from addiction treatment and a comparable number of our beds dedicated to that service, we are, I think, in a good position to respond to the needs of every one of the communities that we service. To the degree that there are more funds available from the government, in particular, a lot of, I think, those funds are being directed towards outpatient treatment, and we've already opened some new outpatient services to specifically respond to that. There are new medically-assisted treatments for opioid addiction that we've begun to pilot and experiment with those as well. So, to your question, I think we are well aware of obviously the focus on the opioid crisis and on the additional monies that may flow from the government. I think we're in the very early stage of this, so it's a little hard to know exactly what those monies are going to be for, exactly how they're going to be allocated. But we're certainly very much on top of it and prepared to respond to the needs as they arise.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Sarah James with Piper Jaffray.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. So, one topic that's been coming up increasingly is a focus on capital allocation for higher acuity on the acute side and that becoming a competitive environment. Can you talk about how you see UHS positioned? What your plans are for driving acuity mix and how you see revenue per adjusted admission on acute trending going forward?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure, Sarah. So, I think that – and this is not terribly new, but I think for some time now, some of the lower acuity procedures that had historically been done in the hospital setting have been moving out and into different and more ambulatory settings and the business that remains in hospitals tends to be skewed towards the higher acuity patients. In that regard, I think for several years now, much of our capital spending on our acute care segment has – particularly within our hospitals has been dedicated to that – those higher acuity services. We've expanded a lot of our emergency rooms where many of these patients are entering the system. We've expanded our operating room capacity and technology and things like cardiac cath labs, et cetera. At the same time, I think we've made an effort to make sure that we're also participating in this trend of moving lower acuity patients to sort of more ambulatory, lower cost settings. And so we've invested over the last several years in freestanding emergency rooms in a number of our communities, in ambulatory surgery settings, outpatient imaging settings, et cetera. We always view health care as a very local business. In every community and every market, it's a little bit different and the needs are different and our responses are different. But effectively, I think we've been trying to target our capital spend to meet sort of those two trends of higher acuity patients remaining in the hospital and lower acuity patients being shifted to more ambulatory settings.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: So putting that all into perspective, how would you see the revenue per adjusted admission trending over the intermediate term compared to where they have been historically?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Look, we have talked about, we're feeling that in our acute care segment, a 5% to 6% same-store revenue growth rate is a reasonable target. Furthermore, I think we've identified an expectation that that revenue growth rate would be split pretty evenly between price and volume. So you're talking about 2.5% or 3% revenue per unit growth in – on the acute side. And obviously embedded in that number is some of this acuity again, what I prefaced my remarks to you saying, I don't think that this trend towards higher acuity patients in the acute business is necessarily new. So I think it's embedded in the numbers that we're projecting in our guidance for next year.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, everybody. Just a couple of questions as well. First of all, on the outlook for 2018, you just said, I guess, a 5% to 6% same-store revenue growth in acute. Maybe can you give us a flavor for what's embedded in terms of EBITDA growth on a same-store basis in both sides and maybe in the behavioral segment for the year? And is there any other puts or takes that we should remember as we think about laying out unusual items? I know the hurricane, hopefully they won't recur at the same level in the back half of the year, but any other things to highlight?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure, A.J. So, I think when we talk about the projections for next year, they are kind of same-store recurring projections as you repeated. On the acute side, I think we're talking 5% to 6% revenue growth, which in our minds translates to 6% or 7% EBITDA growth. On the behavioral side, as I alluded to in my earlier comments, our expectation is that by the middle of 2018, we ought to be able to get to this 5% revenue growth and 6% or 7% EBITDA growth, but that's a ramp up as the year goes on. So, embedded in our guidance is a more blended 3% to 4% revenue growth for the year, maybe 2% to 3% EBITDA growth. There are – we do get the benefit, I think, of some non-recurring items. We talked a lot about them already in answer to the questions about the fourth quarter and in the third quarter. And I think if you go back to the second quarter, we had some additional malpractice expense, and we had some Massachusetts dish (21:38) unfavorable adjustments. I think you can presume that all those items don't reoccur and that's probably in total another $25 million, $30 million of non-recurring items, non-recurring unfavorable items in 2017 that don't reoccur in 2018.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Unfavorable to EBITDA line?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. And again, I will say that sort of offsetting that, and you can see this in the 10-K that we filed last night, is a $30 million reduction in provider taxes year-over-year. So part of the reason I haven't highlighted the sort of non-recurring items, I think they largely cancel out and the same-store results for the most part is what you see flow through.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then maybe conceptually, you guys have the lowest leverage in the sector, strongest balance sheet, I guess, and you also, as you said in your prepared remarks, you're picking up $150 million of additional cash flow from tax reform. Any thoughts of where we go from here in terms of capital allocation? I know you love to do deals, but it seems like they've been coming pretty slow. You've been active on the buyback, you certainly could be a lot more active if you wanted to, dividends even, some companies you're talking about are accelerating capital projects, what's – give us some flavor for what you're thinking?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Look, we're extremely pleased that we have as much flexibility as we do with our balance sheet as you have suggested. And obviously the benefit from the tax cuts just enhances that position. UHS has a reputation for being very judicious in terms of how we deploy our capital, both from an M&A and a CapEx perspective. I think we'll continue to do so. On the other hand, as we've already talked about a little bit in this call, we're very focused on spending dollars and enhancing our market franchises so that they really can compete across the continuum, whether it's in behavioral or in acute care. We'll continue to do that. As we move into next year, we'll continue to explore all the alternatives, and where it makes sense, we'll continue to be an active acquirer of shares and returner of capital to our shareholders because we think that often that's a compelling deployment of capital for us as well. But we're not going to sort of set targets at the beginning of the year or make any firm commitments because it's something that I think we continue to evaluate all the time based on the opportunities that are presented to us. And I think as you kind of alluded to in your question, the most variable of all those metrics are the M&A opportunities. At any point in time, we're looking at generally a series of M&A opportunities, some of which seem attractive, some of which seem compelling, and we often pursue them. And to your point, not a ton has wound up being actionable or executable in the last several years, but that doesn't mean that we're not going to continue to spend times on those that seem worthwhile and have in our minds a reasonable chance of actionability.
Alan B. Miller - Universal Health Services, Inc.: A.J.?
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yes. Hi, Alan.
Alan B. Miller - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Hi. Steve has covered the waterfront. I don't want to skip the part that we like our stock, and we think it's a good value. And we have been buying consistently, and we're always looking at it.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. That's great. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. Just wanted to dig into length of stay a little bit. It sounds like you're saying that length of stay is under pressure in part because of payer mix shifts, but I want to understand why you're seeing those payer mix shifts. Is it because fundamentally the Medicaid business is just seeing more demand growth because of things like IMD et cetera or do you think you're somehow losing market share in commercial and Medicare, just some status on that.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So, actually I think in some respects, Kevin, you answered your own question. I think that we are seeing more Medicaid patients because the IMD exclusion has been lifted and because in any number of our facilities we can now be reimbursed for adult Medicaid patients for whom we were unable to be reimbursed for many, many years. So, that I think has contributed to the surge in Medicaid patients to a degree. I think that there is a lot of competition for some of these other payer classes like Medicare and commercial, both with other freestanding facilities and also with acute care hospitals who operate behavioral units. One of the things that we have focused a great deal on is the idea that a number or many Medicare behavioral patients also have certain physical or medical surgical ailments, and payers sometimes and patients and families presume that they can be better treated in an acute care setting. We've focused very much on an ability to treat those kinds of patients, or at least a subset of those kinds of patients, in our behavioral freestanding facilities as well. So, we're very focused on treating those elderly behavioral patients who also may be medically compromised. I think that there's been increased competition for those patients. So, I think it's a function, again, as you suggested in your question, of both just an increased flow of Medicaid patients because of the lifting of the IMD exclusion, and an increased competition for some of those other patients, particularly Medicare patients, amongst all providers.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: In the past, you talked about getting to that 5%, 5.5% range, and then when length of stay started to pressure, you kind of said, well, we can still probably get there. We just need to accelerate admissions more. And we really haven't seen admissions really accelerate, obviously, to close the gap. That would be necessary to get to that 5% to 5.5%. So it sounds like you're saying that at least in the short term, there's some pressure from competition. I mean, how do you think about that ramp to 5%, 5.5%? And if length of stay continues to be flat or down a little bit, where is the biggest opportunity to kind of see that acceleration from here in admissions?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, I mean – and I'm not sure that I wouldn't characterize the trend a little differently than you, Kevin. I think we saw our admissions decline fairly precipitously back in right around the middle of 2015. We largely attributed that decline to labor shortage and a shortage of clinicians, mostly nurses, but to a lesser degree, psychiatrists in some markets. We spent a good year or so addressing that issue and I think began to really make progress on filling many of those vacancies in the middle of 2016. And I think if you go back, you'll see that actually admission growth from about the middle of 2016 to the middle of 2017 really did increase pretty ratably and steadily, which I think, now, I think, is where your question is more valid. It stalled a little bit in the last couple of quarters because of this length of stay pressure. I think what keeps us or why we remain confident is that when we look at the number of patients that are being presented to our facilities, who sometimes we're unable to treat, either because we don't have all of the clinicians we need, or we don't have all the beds we need, or because they're medically compromised, as I was recently just alluding to, I think we think the demand is there, and that's why we continue to talk about being able to get to that 5% number. Now, again, I'll be the first to acknowledge that this has been kind of a greater slog and has taken more time than we originally anticipated. But I think we believe firmly that the underlying demand remains strong and is sufficient to get us back to that 5% growth.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, this is still a labor issue in your view. If you had enough staff, you'll be seeing a lot more volume than you're seeing right now.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I think it's a combination of issues. I think it is a payer mix issue, as I suggested. It is still in a few handful of places. It's a labor issue. It is in some places a physical bed and physical capacity issue. And finally, in some cases, it's a sort of the ability to treat certainly medically compromised patients. So, I wouldn't say it's a single factor.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, Steve. First question is just, it's been a while since we saw one of the behavioral health acquisitions and we see Gulfport now. And I'm just curious was, are you seeing a change in pipeline? I know you mentioned already that the M&A is the least certain of the capital deployment areas. But have you seen any change in trends there? Is the pipeline a little bit more robust or less robust at this point? I'm just curious on the behavioral side.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So, obviously, we – again, I think sometimes you have to take a step back when people say that the acquisition pipeline and activity is really slow. And I mean, we did the Cambian acquisition in the UK just a little over a year ago. That was a fairly significant acquisition. In the U.S., we've talked about the fact that we've been very focused on these integration or joint ventures with acute care hospitals and integrating with them and penetrating their behavioral businesses. We have in our 2018 plan and embedded in our guidance is an opening here in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, of 126-bed hospital that we're building in partnership with a not-for-profit hospital. That'll open at the end of the second quarter. We have a hospital in Spokane opening at the end of the third quarter, a 100-bed hospital in partnership with the Providence system out in the Greater Seattle market. And then, the Gulfport deal that I mentioned in my remarks is a similar sort of deal. I mean, that's an acute care hospital that we began talking to. And in that case, they simply decided to sell us their behavioral unit. So, we have a great many of those conversations continuing to occur. And we think that's a fairly lucrative aspect or avenue of growth for the behavioral business although one that we concede sort of, again, progresses rather slowly as these not-for-profit hospitals are fairly deliberate in their decision making. But, I think, the three projects that I outlined are good examples of how this is sort of coming to fruition and will continue to come to fruition for a number of years to come at this point.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Got you. And that's part of the targeted bed openings that you guys have talked about, right?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Correct.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Okay. Got you. And then just lastly, on your share buybacks, is there a magnitude in guidance for 2018? Did you put any in there?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think in our guidance, we presume that roughly half of our free cash flow will be dedicated to share repurchase and the other half to sort of undesignated M&A opportunities.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Okay. All right. Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Tanal with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. I wanted to just ask about the Henderson facility that came into the kind of the same-facility base in the quarter. If you could just sort of break that out and let us know how much that contributed, that'd be helpful? And as part of that question, I'm hoping to sort of understand how long that tailwind might last? So what does the ramp period typically look like for a new hospital in your minds and if you have an estimate for sort of the productivity of that facility today relative to kind of a mature state, and how long you think it would take to get there, that kind of thing, that would be helpful for us.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure, Steve. So I would say that a typical acute care hospital opening, new opening, probably takes close to 24 months to ramp to call it maturity. I know Alan, in particular, has talked about how over the last few quarters Henderson has ramped beyond our original expectations. I think that's fairly typical of the new hospitals that we've opened in the Las Vegas market over the last 10 years. It's just such a vibrant market and such a strong franchise from our perspective that those hospitals tend to ramp. So Q4 of 2017 was the fifth quarter of Henderson's short life. And they're ramping pretty close to, I would say, maturity which in this case, I think, is measured in comparison to how our other hospitals in the market operate. We don't disclose the profitability of individual hospitals, but I will say that Henderson continued to grow in the fourth quarter. It was probably – contributed another $6 million or $7 million to our acute care EBITDA growth in the fourth quarter. I think there's another $5 million or $10 million tailwind from Henderson in 2018 as it continues to mature, but because it has ramped up so quickly, I think much of that benefit is already embedded in our results.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And just one on the guidance. It looks like the EBITDA margins at around the mid-point is about flattish. Could you just give us a flavor for kind of the puts and takes in that?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, I guess I would need to look at it more carefully. I mean, I think that the reality is we're expecting EBITDA for our operations to grow sort of in the low-single digits, and then we get some benefit from a lower share count. So, I think that's how you get to that sort of mid-single digit EPS growth for us.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I was thinking about the EBITDA margins just year-on-year kind of...
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Oh, EBITDA margin.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. And I think that's largely a function of the continued ramp up of the behavioral business. So, if – as I, I think in answering A.J.'s question before, talked about behavioral revenues growing at 3% or 4% and EBITDA growing at 2% to 3%, their margins are actually contracting a little bit. The acute margins are expanding a little bit, and that's, I think, you get those flattish margins. I apologize. I wasn't focused on the margin question.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Understood. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. Steve, I'd just like to come back to the question around the interplay of the payer mix. The capacity that you have through the de novo build out and the staffing and clinical adds versus the competitive intensity, so is this – what you're saying right now that you are turning away Medicare patients in favor of the Medicaid influx because you don't have capacity or is it that the Medicare patients that are going to other freestanding facilities or are the acute care facilities almost just keeping the good ones, I don't know, good is relative, but the higher price, higher length of stay Medicare patients for themselves, while sending new adult Medicaid from ER on the Friday night.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So, Ana, I mean I don't know that it's possible for me to be terribly more precise than what I've said before in the sense that we certainly know a great deal about the patients that are coming to our hospitals. We don't necessarily always know exactly what patients are going elsewhere and what other hospitals or hospital systems in the marketplace are experiencing vis-à-vis market share, et cetera, especially in real time necessarily. So, as I tried to sort of answer Kevin's question, I think we're seeing a surge in Medicaid patients because of some of the changing dynamics in the regulatory landscape. One of the challenges that we have is that we're a business that receives our patient demand effectively and satisfies it in real time. We're not scheduling patients for admission the way a hotel is or the way an airline is or even quite frankly the way an acute care hospital might schedule its elective patients. Most of our patients are being presented to us on an emergency basis day to day, and it's a little bit harder to manage demand in those settings. And I think what I – again, I'm not sure I can be any clearer than I was with Kevin, but to say we're seeing more Medicaid patients and because of some challenges whether that's now the lower length of stay or more competition for those other payer classes like Medicare or clinician shortages or capacity shortages or medically compromised patients, all those factors are sort of contributing to the challenge of both managing payer mix and managing overall volume. But I think we remain confident that the underlying volume remains quite strong in the behavioral business.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Just asking another way, would the 2.5% adjusted admissions growth ramp up for 2018 from 1Q on and are you seeing that ramping up, and any color on 1Q, perhaps if you can give us – as you bring more staffing capacity and capacity on stream, should we expect the adjusted admissions itself to go higher and then length of stay and pricing can do whatever it's doing.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. It's difficult to predict and project particularly this early in the quarter. I know it doesn't necessarily seem so early on March 1, but obviously, all we've seen for February are volume numbers, which quite frankly look fairly encouraging. Behavioral volumes look strong in February. I think the year got off to somewhat of a slow start on the behavioral side. I think a severe weather, winter weather in a lot of our markets curbed some of our demand, particularly on the outpatient side. But February volumes look strong. But to be absolutely candid, I haven't seen any information on February payer mix or service line mix. And so, it's very difficult for me to comment on any sort of outlook for the first quarter beyond that, and obviously we still have March to go as well.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. So, thanks for that color, that's very helpful. Just moving to the UK knowing I know it's small for you, but there has been talks from the peer around a shift in local governments and some – that demand going to the competition and others perhaps, I don't know whether they're getting treated or is it kind of creating a pent up demand situation. Can you give us any color you're seeing at all in UK on the census?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Well, I think it's worth reinforcing your first comment, which is that our footprint in the UK is extremely small in comparison to our public company peer. And therefore, I'm not sure that our experience is necessarily indicative or their experience is necessarily indicative of ours. I will say that 2017 was largely a transition year for us. As I mentioned in a previous response, we did the Cambian acquisition at the very end of 2016 and spent most of 2017 working with the CMA in the UK on the outcome of that acquisition and what facilities would have to be sold. We were very pleased with the outcome of that process. We had to sell a single facility with less than a $1 million of EBITDA. And so, I think we felt like that work and that interaction with the CMA was worthwhile. But part of the outcome of that process is we were not able to combine our two businesses really until very late in 2017. So, we really weren't able to share best practices or achieve any synergies, et cetera. So, I think for us, 2018 will be a much better gauge of what we can do in the UK. Look, we would acknowledge that like in the U.S., it's a tight behavioral market, but I think Cambian in particular has had historical success at really minimizing the use of temporary nurses and registry. And we're hoping to use their best practices in our legacy facilities. And I don't know that we've seen the same pressure on our volumes that our public company peer has seen. And, again, we're in a much smaller number of markets and in different markets. But I think we've said pretty consistently, we haven't necessarily experienced those same issues.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Got it. Thanks for the color, Steve.
Operator: Your next question is from Gary Taylor with JPMorgan.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Just a couple quick ones. Steve, when you said 471 behavioral beds, was that a 2017 number or a 2018 number?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: That was a 2017 number.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And did you tell us what you're contemplating for 2018 at?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I didn't. I will tell you that I think that number is probably a little bit higher, maybe in that 500 to 700 range.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And what will you spend on that to do that?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. So, I think, on average, a new behavioral bed is probably in that $250,000 a bed range.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Obviously, it's dependent on where they are, et cetera, but I think that's a good average.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And are those all add on to existing facilities, new facilities? Are any of these in some of the JVs you had talked about?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. So, like the two facilities that I mentioned before in Lancaster, Pennsylvania and Spokane would be included in that number.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: And then, I think the bulk of the rest would be bed additions at existing facilities.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Last question, can you talk a little bit about what you're budgeting in terms of labor costs for both segments?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I think we have the view that labor inflation in both businesses is probably in that sort of 3%, 3.5% range. I think the focus, which is a little bit different in each of the business segments, I think on the acute side, their main challenge, as a result of the labor shortage, has been increased use of what we describe as premium pay, the use of temporary nurses, the use of overtime. We've seen that number come down considerably in 2017 and our projections, I think, presume that it comes down more in 2018. On the behavioral side, the issue has been not so much labor inflation as much as it's been a difficulty in filling all those vacant positions. Again, I think, as I've already mentioned, I think we made a lot of progress in 2017. I think we presume that we'll continue to make more progress in 2018 and all that's incorporated, I think, in our guidance.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Ralph Giacobbe with Citigroup.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Just want to go back to the pricing side. It remains a little bit soft in the quarter. I know there was some acuity due to the flu, but California provider maybe should've helped balance that. So, I'm just trying to get a sense, is it payer mix, pure rate or something else that's kind of causing the drag? And as I look at 2017, it's been flat to down. So, just trying to understand kind of the visibility around that 2% to 3% embedded in for 2018.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. And, again, I think you've addressed some of it yourself, Ralph. I mean, I think that the surge in flu patients tends to really sort of drag down that revenue per unit. I think as most people understand, flu patients tend to be lower acuity, lower revenue per unit patients. And if we add 150 or 200 basis point of an increase in volume due to those patients, it has a pretty impactful impact or effect on that revenue per unit calculation. We've been saying for some time, however, that there's also been pressure on payer mix. I don't think this is terribly new or different in Q4. But for a number of quarters, maybe a couple of years now, I think we've continued to – really, I think since the ACA was fully implemented, we've continued to see the number of uninsured patients sort of gradually tick up every quarter, the number of Medicaid patients go up and the number of commercial patients come down. And I think that trend continues into Q4. And then finally, we've talked a fair amount in the last few quarters about the idea that, particularly, in some of our hospitals on the West Coast, which, in my mind, includes California and Nevada, we've seen a shift in very aggressive behavior on our – the part of our payers who have been very aggressive about categorizing our acute care patients as observation rather than inpatient patients. That behavior has been moderated some and we're seeing more of those patients being admitted. The cosmetics of that are our admissions go up and revenue per admission goes down because, again, they tend to be the lower acuity patients. So I think all of those factors contribute to sort of the dynamic that you see in the quarter, which is very strong admissions, driven by the flu, driven by this sort of shift back from observation to inpatient, et cetera, but it drives down the revenue per unit. I think in a more normalized sense and over time, we see revenue per unit and admission growth to be more comparable each in the 2.5% to 3% range.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. And then just want to talk a little bit about the competitive backdrop in the acute segment within your markets. Whether you think that's sort of more just a gauge around growth in the population? Is it – do you think you're just gaining market share? Are there may be closures in your markets? Just trying to get a better sense as you sort of look at the results of the sustained and what seems to be pretty outsized volume results, both versus peers and industry even trying to tease out some of the dynamics that you talked about in terms of observation, visits and the like?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure. I mean, look, I think it's worth noting that the trends that you're asking about, Ralph, have been in place for quite some time and we've been outperforming our peers for a number of years now. And quite frankly, I think if you go back to pre-recession periods, we were outperforming our peers generally. And I think it's mostly about the markets that we're in. The markets that we're in tend to be growing faster than the national averages. We've had a long time – for a long time, we've had a slide in our investor presentation which has indicated that our markets are projected to grow at often twice the rate of the national average, and so we clearly benefit from that. But then it's that sort of double whammy, if you will, of enhancing the franchises within those growing markets. So, Las Vegas is a perfect example where the market itself, with the exception of a few years before the recession, but the market itself has been one of the most robust and fastest growing markets in the U.S. for several decades now. We benefited from that, but we've also benefited by building new capacity, by increasing our market share in the market very considerably, et cetera. And obviously, while Las Vegas is our single largest market, I think that pattern has been repeated by us in a number of other markets, including Riverside County, California, including in the District of Columbia, including in several of our Florida markets. So, again, I think that that pattern has repeated itself and is really what has benefited our acute care performance.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And if I could squeeze one more in. I know you talked about capital deployment, I may have missed it. What about a more meaningful dividend? Specifically any thoughts or comments around that as well. Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, we didn't – I didn't specifically address that in my previous comments, Ralph, but I think that everything is on the table and the company is open to and willing to look at a lot of different alternatives. As you know, tax reform only passed a couple of months ago and so, a lot of this deliberation and analysis is still ongoing and still in the early stages.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And we have no further questions, sir.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Okay. Well, we thank everybody for their time and I look forward to speaking to everybody at the end of the first quarter.
Operator: This does conclude today's fourth quarter and year-end conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Miller - CEO Steve Filton - CFO
Analysts: Justin Lake - Wolfe Research Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Kevin Fishbeck - Banc of America Merrill Lynch Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets Anagha Gupte - Leerink Partners Gary Taylor - JP Morgan Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird John Ransom - Raymond James Sarah James - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah and I will your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions]. Thank you.  Mr. Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve Filton: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning. We are expecting Alan Miller to join us by telephone and hopefully we’ll make that happen before we begin the Q&A. I’d like to welcome everyone to this review of Universal Health Services results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2017. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecast, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors, and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $1.47 for the quarter. After adjusting for the favorable impact from our January 1, 2017 adoption of ASU 2016-09, as discussed in our press release, and the depreciation and amortization expense recorded in connection with the implementation of electronic health record applications in our acute care hospitals, as disclosed on the supplemental schedule included with last night's earnings release, adjusted net income attributable to UHS was $143.4 million or $1.49 per diluted share during the third quarter of 2017, as compared to $157.2 million or $1.60 per diluted share during the third quarter of last year.  As mentioned in our press release, our financial results for the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2017 were unfavorably impacted by an after-tax aggregate of approximately $14 million to $15 million or 14 - resulting from the following, an unfavorable after-tax impact of approximately $8 million to $9 million or $0.09 to $0.10 per diluted share, related to the hurricane expenses and estimated business interruption impact incurred by 28 of our behavioral health facilities located in Texas, Florida, South Carolina, Georgia, Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands, and our three acute care hospitals located in Florida, and an after tax charge of approximately $5 million or $0.05 per diluted share recorded in connection with a court order in Texas related to certain litigation. Generally, our facilities impacted by hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, did not sustain extensive property damage, and the vast majority have resume normal operations. However, a portion of the beds at our 124 bed behavioral health facility located in Houston, Texas, remain closed. And although our three behavioral health facilities located in Puerto Rico are operational, these facilities which have 240 beds in the aggregate, continue to operate on auxiliary power in areas that have suffered extensive damage to surrounding infrastructure and properties. It’s difficult to predict the impact that the hurricanes may have on the future operating results of these four facilities. On a same facility basis in our acute care division, revenues during the third quarter of 2017 increased 2.2% over last year's comparable quarter. The increase resulted primarily from a 3.5% increase in adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year. On a same facility basis, net revenues in our behavioral health division increased 1.8% during the third quarter of 2017, as compared to the third quarter of 2016. During this year's third quarter, as compared to last year's, adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 1.1%, while adjusted patient days decreased slightly. Revenue per adjusted admission increased 1.3% and revenue per adjusted patient day increased 2.6% during the third quarter of 2017, over the comparable prior year quarter.  Based upon the operating trends and financial results experienced during the first nine months of 2017, we are revising our estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2017 to $7.25 to $7.50 per diluted share from the previously provided range of $7.50 to $8 per diluted share. This revised guidance, which excludes the effect of electronic health records impact for the year, as well as the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-09, decreases the lower end of the previously provided range by approximately 3.3%, and decreases the upper end of the previously provided range by approximately 6.3%.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2017, our cash provided by operating activities decreased to $878 million from $1.4 billion generated during the comparable nine month period of 2016. The $258 million decrease was caused primarily by a $128 million unfavorable change in cash flows from foreign currency forward exchange contracts related to our investments in the UK, and a $101 million unfavorable change in the other working capital accounts, resulting primarily from changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses due to timing of disbursements.  Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased to 53 days during the third quarter of 2017 as compared to 50 days during the third quarter of 2016.  At September 30, 2017, our ratio of debt to total capitalization declined to 45.4%, as compared to 47.4% at December 31, 2016. We spent $156 million on capital expenditures during the third quarter of 2017 and $419 million during the first nine months of 2017. During the quarter, we completed and opened 27 new acute care beds and 135 new behavioral health beds at existing facilities.  In conjunction with our $800 million stock repurchase program during the third quarter of 2017, we have repurchased 870,000 shares of our stock at an aggregate cost of $94 million. Since inception of the program, through September 30, 2017, we have repurchased approximately 6.34 million shares at an aggregate cost of $736 million.  Earlier this month, the Competition and Markets Authority provided the final ruling regarding the phase two investigation of our acquisition of Cambian Group PLC’s Adult Services Division in the UK. The final ruling requires us to divest one 18 bed facility which generates less than $1 million of annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. The final ruling represents a reduction in the number of divestment sites identified in the phase one decision.  We’d be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator instructions]. Your first question comes from Justin Lake. Mr. Lake, your line is open. 
Justin Lake: So Steve, first question is, your guidance appears to imply a pretty steep ramp in the core EBITDA of the company in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. And I'm assuming there's about $15 million of drag still in the business from the two psych facilities and the continued hurricane impact to Puerto Rico. So if I look at that, can you tell us, how do you bridge down from 3Q to 4Q? Is t - do you expect a big ramp in the behavioral business? Is the acute going to get better? Help us understand that sequential improvement. 
Steve Filton: Sure, Justin. So I think that the way we approach the guidance for the balance of the year was to suggest that the miss that we had in the third quarter and the issues that generally caused that miss, which were I think largely transitory, would however continue into Q4. So to the degree that there was a continuing impact from the hurricane on the four facilities that I mentioned in my opening remarks, that would persist into the fourth quarter, to the extent that we continue to suffer lower than expected results at a handful of behavioral facilities with regulatory challenges. Those challenges will continue into the fourth quarter as well. In terms of the ramp in the fourth quarter, I think that we - that was embedded in our original guidance for the year, in our original notions of the trajectory of earnings for the year. And that was the sense that the back half of the year would continue to get stronger, both from a behavioral volume perspective, as well as from a relief on the labor pressures and wage pressures on both sides of the business. So I think it's a combination of those sort of two dynamics that really inform the way that we came up with the guidance for the balance of the year. 
Justin Lake: So just to follow up, you're expecting a meaningful ramp from 3Q to 4Q, both in volumes and in some release on wage pressure similar to what you expected before, despite the fact that it didn’t look like it happened in Q3?
Steve Filton: I think that's correct. And I think the other issue which I should have mentioned is the sort of continued improvement at the Henderson facility, our new facility in Las Vegas which, at least from a cosmetic standpoint, will be included in the Q4 - excuse, me in Q4 in same store results, which will make the same store results look stronger. And the other point that I mentioned, Justin which I think is just an annually recurring point is there is I think normally a step up from Q3 to Q4 due to just the seasonality of the business. 
Justin Lake: Great. Thanks for all the color, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Raskin. Mr. Raskin, your line is open. 
Joshua Raskin: Good morning Steve. Maybe just not germane specifically to the quarter, but I'm just curious where you stand as you guys are coming in towards the end of the year with line extension. Maybe on the acute care side, is there any change in appetite around ASCs or maybe free standing EDs or even urgent care centers? And on the behavioral, is there any more focus on substance abuse or maybe other types of clinics in that segment?
Steve Filton: Sure. So I think on the acute care side, and I think honestly, Josh the answer to these questions, while I think there are some sort of global generic answers I can give, I think that in many cases or most cases, we really do look at these questions on a market by market issue. On the acute side, we certainly acknowledge, as have most of our peers, that there is a continuing trend I think driven mostly by payers to move patients into what they perceive to be the lowest cost setting of care for patients, whether that’s ASC or freestanding imaging centers or urgent care centers or freestanding EDs, et cetera. We have certainly entered any and all of those businesses to some degree in certain markets. We have ASCs in a number of markets. We are building APDs in several markets and have had I think some relatively notable success in the early stages of that. We’ve got freestanding imaging centers, et cetera. We've got physician operated urgent care centers again. And I think we really view it on a market by market basis, but certainly it's informed by, as I said, this global view that payers will continue to look to shift patients to the lowest cost care setting that they can.  I think on the behavioral side, it’s a similar sort of notion. I mean we have a very large behavioral health presence with the largest freestanding operator in the country. And I think our continuum of care, both here in the US and in the UK, really spans the continuum of services and includes acute services, residential services, specialty services, addiction treatment services, et cetera. And I think in every market, we continue to look for where there are gaps in service lines in that particular market. So I don't know that on a global basis we're necessarily sort of looking to expand in any of those businesses, but within individual markets, we're certainly doing our best to fill in those service gaps so that in most of our larger markets, we're providing a pretty I think extensive continuum of services. 
Joshua Raskin: Okay, great. And then just a second question on the acute care side. It feels like it's becoming a little bit of a buyer's market. There seems to be a lot more facilities for sale than necessarily buyers out there. So I'm curious. You guys have always been so opportunistic. It seems as though UHS has had a really good sort of timing historically around movement of assets. Is the acute care segment more attractive? Are there new markets that you're actually looking at, at this point?
Steve Filton: Josh, I think we have been looking at potential acute care opportunities for some time. We like the acute care business and feel like if you can be in an attractive, growing market with a good market position, you can be successful. We believe that certainly we've demonstrated that with our own acute care results. Obviously, I think this has become, as you describe it, kind of a seller's market, to some degree because we've got a number of distressed operators who are looking to deleverage, et cetera.  I think our general impression is that the assets that they are selling, at least in these early phases of their divestiture plans, are the less attractive assets. And unless they really provide sort of some in-market synergies for somebody, they're not necessarily all that attractive. And I think most of these sales have been going to other in-market providers. Should that change and should either of these distressed sellers or other sellers, other not-for-profit sellers, begin to sell assets that we think fit, are a better fit for our profile of strong market positions in growing markets, we certainly would be interested because we feel like we've got a proven track record of being able to operate in our own outstanding returns in those kinds of markets. And in the interim, we continue to invest in the acute care business within our own markets, building new facilities and adding capacity where that's appropriate as well. 
Joshua Raskin: Perfect. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fishbeck. Mr. Fishbeck, your line is open. 
Kevin Fishbeck: Great. Thanks. I was wondering if you could parse out the EBITDA impact from the hurricanes among the two divisions, either - I guess both maybe on an EBITDA basis, but then also maybe from a volume basis. 
Steve Filton: Sure, Kevin. So I think on the volume revenue side, we feel like the hurricane impact, coincidentally I don’t think these events, is about the same on both sides of the business and it's probably in that 100 to 110 basis points of volume and revenue, because obviously there's no sort of pricing dynamic associated with the hurricane impact. In terms of EBITDA, we talked about a $12 million to $13 million - sorry, EBITDA impact, I think you're talking about probably eight or so on the behavioral side and four to five on the acute site.
Kevin Fishbeck: Okay. And I guess one of the things that is still interesting to me, I guess in response to my earlier question, is that you're still looking at the same kind of rebound and reacceleration in the business. I guess one of the metrics that you wouldn’t expect the hurricanes to impact would be length of stay on the behavioral side. So I just want to make sure that that's right because that seemed to still be a pressure because now the third quarter in a row where that's a pressure. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing there and why you think that that's not going to be continue to be a pressure on site?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean so I think that in Q3 we did actually see the length of stay decline, diminish from the rate at which it was declining in Q2. So I think sequentially we made some progress. I think our point of view that we articulated last quarter was we certainly feel like there are some things that we may be able to do to impact length of stay where that's clinically appropriate. But then if we couldn’t, that we had a point of view that the underlying demand was strong enough and the reservoir of unmet demand of patients looking to be admitted to behavioral hospitals, was strong enough that we just needed to improve the efficiency of our throughput, so that if beds were being vacated earlier because of length of stay pressure, we just needed to increase the throughput and fill those beds sooner, again always where clinically appropriate. And I think that's our point of view and why I think we had the perspective that this 5% same store revenue growth target that we've essentially set for the behavioral division, because that's what we were running back in 2000 when we started to see some diminution in that number, is achievable. It’s really the confidence that allows us to say that is this the metrics that we continue to see internally that demonstrate a there's a significant reservoir of unmet demand.
Kevin Fishbeck: Okay. And then just to follow up on another comment you made before about that the labor pressure is going to improve. I guess what gives you - is there any data points that you're seeing right now that actually indicate that? Because again in general, we're hearing companies talk more about labor pressure rather than less about it, but you seem to be thinking that this is something that's going to get better over the next few quarters. So any color or comment you give us that that's taking place?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean so I think, and it may be - look, I think these trends tend to be relatively market specific. And while I think more companies are talking about it today, I think we were probably one of the earliest companies to really highlight this issue back in the middle of 2015. And honestly it may be a function of being in markets that are faster growing than the national average and that recovered at least at a disproportionately more aggressive pace than the national metrics would suggest, places like Vegas and Southern California and South Florida, et cetera. So I think we have a point of view that's informed by our previous experience with labor shortages that two things happened during labor shortages. One, on a macro basis the market tends to adjust for the labor shortages. More nurses enroll in nursing school, part time nurses take on more hours, retired nurses come back and work extra shifts because wage rates are going up and there's an attractive sort of economic equation for them. So I think we see that happening at a macro level in our markets.  But the other issue I think is that because we've been facing this issue now for I think almost two years, and we've been focused on it and we've been addressing it, I think we’re finding that we're making internal improvements in our own markets, both at the rate that we're recruiting mostly nurses but other clinicians as well, and also the impact they were having on the retention of those that we recruit by implementing aggressive mentoring programs and career development programs and providing incentives for our employees, again most notably nurses who come to work for us to really want to stay in our organization and build their careers with us.
Kevin Fishbeck: Okay. Then my last question to follow up on that last point. The company specific side of it because I think for the last year or two, you kind of talk mostly about how things normally work out over time, and there hasn't been as many clear cut things. Do you have any more specifics around either how many nurses you're bringing on or what your turnover rate has been as you've made progress on retention?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean so I guess a couple of things. I mean I think again on the acute side of the business, I think that the way that the labor shortage was manifested primarily was through margin pressures, that even though our revenues and volumes were quite robust and have been quite robust for the last few years, I think our acute care margins haven't always been where we would have expected them to be, given those revenue growth rates. And I think it's because of those wage pressures. I think that the acute margins have been improving and that's the ultimate. I can give you other statistics about the things you asked about, retention and recruitment rates, et cetera. But in my mind, the proof is in the pudding and it's the margin improvement over time that's really demonstrating our improvement there.  On the behavioral side, I think the labor shortage manifested itself in weaker volumes. And for the most part, I think volumes have been, particularly admissions have been increasing for the last year or so. Now Q3 was a bit of a hiccup, but I think that was impacted by a bunch of different things, including the hurricanes, et cetera. But I think generally, we feel like we've continued on this trajectory for the last four or five quarters of improving our volumes on the behavioral side. And again in my mind, that's the proof in the pudding that we're improving that labor situation and filling the vacancies.
Kevin Fishbeck: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And Mr. Filton, just to let you know that Mr. Miller has joined.
Steve Filton: Thank you.
Operator: You’re welcome. And your next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe. Mr. Giacobbe, your line is open. 
Ralph Giacobbe: Good morning. I just want to start on the acute care side, Steve. Even if we add back the hurricane impact, it looks like trends slowed a little bit from the mid and even high single digit revenue you’ve been posting. I think you mentioned some other things to kind of consider. Can you sort of call anything out? And then along those lines, just the acute care pricing, down 0.6, a little bit worse than what we've seen of late from you. Maybe just walk through the dynamics there just around pure price versus payer mix versus acuity mix in terms of where there is disproportionate pressures. 
Steve Filton: Sure. So I think there's a least several questions embedded in what you've asked. So I'll try to cover them all. I mean one is, in terms of the overall acute care revenue growth, I will just remind everyone that the comparison that we're facing in the third quarter to last year's third quarter, is quite robust. We had 9% revenue growth in last year's third quarter, really an extraordinary number. So it was always going to be a tough comparison, I think on the revenue side. And as a consequence, I think where we landed in Q3 was not far off from where we thought. Obviously, I think you need to adjust the 2.2% revenue growth on the acute side for the hurricanes by 100 basis points or 110 basis points. You’re in the sort of low threes there. I think the only other thing worth noting, and I sort of alluded to it before in response to, I think somebody else’s question was that a little bit of it is sort of the pace at which capacity comes on the acute side. So we opened our Spring Valley tower in Las Vegas last year in the second quarter of 2017. So that anniversaried or that impact was anniversaried in the third - the second quarter of 2017. We opened in ’16. We anniversaried in ’17. Just as an example, I think Spring Valley’s revenues for the first six months of the year grew by like 15%. In Q3 they were sort of flattish. Now, that trend will I think kind of reverse itself in Q4 when, as I mentioned, I think to Justin before, Henderson will come into our same store numbers. And I think that will make the same store numbers look a lot better. If you want to sort of normalize all that, you can just look at our total numbers and not the same store numbers. But I think we continue to make pressure. In terms of the specific pricing question that you asked, we talked about this a little bit on the Q2 call. I think one of the dynamics that we're seeing that is cosmetically affecting our metrics is that out West in particular in Nevada, in California, we're doing I think a better job of qualifying those short stay patients as in patients rather than observation patients. And the result of that is a higher level of admissions, but a lower level of revenue per admission. Now, I think we have a point of view that over time, our acute care revenue should grow by roughly 5%, 5.5% and it should be split pretty evenly between price and volume. But in the current climate, as I think we're making those changes on the observation status, it's skewed more towards admissions than it is, or more towards volume than it is to revenue. But I think the ultimate dynamic is the same and ultimately will settle in at that roughly 5%, 5.5% growth rate that will be split pretty evenly between price and volume. 
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. That’s very helpful. And then you mentioned working capital drag in the UK and DSOs were up a little bit. Can you maybe just flesh that out for us? And as you think about next year, any thoughts or expectations around operating cash flow and CapEx at this point? Thanks. 
Steve Filton: So we have hedged our balance sheet investment in the UK from the initial investment several years ago. And generally the way that has worked is as the currency translation rate has declined, we had a cash flow benefit and as it has strengthened a little bit in the recent quarter, the settlement of those foreign currency exchange contracts have a negative impact. So that's what you're seeing in the cash flow statement. In terms of the DSOs, I think that's largely a mechanical issue we have in the UK when we bought the Cambian assets. They had a practice of billing the NHS in advance. And because we converted them to our system and our practice is to bill in arrears, we made that change to be consistent. That created sort of a short term working capital crunch in the UK, but not something that is, in my mind, a significant issue going forward. 
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. And then just the cash flow and CapEx at this point, any thoughts around that for next year?
Steve Filton: I mean we'll give specifics when we give our guidance at the end of the year. But I mean I think our cash flows generally should grow at the rate at which our EBITDA grows. I don't see any sort of significant cash flow pluses or minuses going into next year in CapEx. Also I think ought to continue in roughly the same rate that we're running in 2017. 
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Borsch. Mr. Borsch, your line is open. 
Matthew Borsch: Maybe I can just pick up on the UK topic and just ask you what you're seeing in the UK market, if you’ve seen any pressures on volumes. And get you had alluded last quarter to that occupancy is actually your challenge there. And wonder if you just update us on that as well. 
Steve Filton: Sure. I mean I know that the topic of the UK was particularly intense yesterday given the release of one of our peers. I think it's worth noting, I think everybody knows this, but I'll just remind everybody, that our geographic footprint and presence in the UK is dramatically smaller than our peer who was addressing the issue yesterday. Having said that, I think we have said that our UK facility is operating at fairly high occupancy rates. They continue to do so. Other than specific facility issues, I don't think we have seen any particular pressures or issues with volumes in the UK, nor on the labor side. I mean we acknowledge that the labor market is a tight one in the UK, much as it is here in the US. But labor issues tend to be market specific, just I think as they are here in the US. And we really haven't been experiencing those sorts of accelerating issues in the last few quarters. I will note and I made the comments about the final CMA report in my opening comments, that we're now prepared and are actively integrating the two companies now that we’ll be beyond the CMA process. Cambian has always had a history of having great success in the temporary nursing area and the use of registry. They use very little of it. We think they have some real best practices that we'd like to migrate to our legacy Cygnet facilities in the UK. So now that we are going to be able to integrate the two companies, we're looking forward to hopefully even making further improvements in that regard, and if anything, reducing the amount of temporary nurses and registry that we use in the UK, following along the historic success that Cambian has had.
Matthew Borsch: And Steve, if I could just on a different topic, as you're looking at the - all the headlines on the ACA exchange enrolment and in light of Anthem’s announcement yesterday of pretty broad, not complete but pretty broad exit from exchanges, how are you thinking about that directionally in terms of impact on your plan for 2018? And is there anything that you can do as it relates to participation in different payer networks that that might make any difference there?
Steve Filton: Yes. Look, it's difficult for us, Matt to be terribly proactive in this regard, in the sense that we really don't know in our individual markets what the level of enrollment is in the exchanges or disenrollment, et cetera. So it's a little hard for us to react in advance. Generally we have the view that in virtually all of our markets, there remain viable commercial exchange choices for those who want to enroll. And so that is helpful. I think in terms of network participation, again with very rare exceptions, we are network providers in virtually every network in every one of our markets. So I think we're already well positioned. If there is movement amongst products or amongst companies to be able to benefit from that. so I think at one level, we're just going to have to wait and see from a macro basis what level of disenrollment there is in the exchanges come next year. But I mean in terms of being in all the networks, I don't think we could really do that any more extensively than we currently do. 
Matthew Borsch: All right, sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Frank Morgan. Mr. Morgan, your line is open. 
Frank Morgan: Thank you. Steve, I was hoping you could give us some detail on the bed expansion schedule over there, what will be coming on in the fourth quarter and what you're assuming for next year. And then secondly, in terms of any other drags on the business end, on the behavioral side of the business, I know there were some issues at a couple of facilities, but any assumption about that continued drag as it relates to guidance for the fourth quarter? And then finally, any details on this court order payment? I was going back looking through the filings and I didn't know which one it relates to. But any color there would be great. Thank you. 
Steve Filton: Sure. So I think I'll do it in reverse order. The court ordered issue is old litigation in one of our south Texas facilities literally that goes back 15 or 16 years. A court order came through in the last few months requiring us to make the payment that we disclosed in the quarterly release. We’re appealing that payment and hope to either have it reversed or substantially reduced. But because it was so old and didn't seem terribly relevant to our current operations, we recorded that item in the other segment, not in either of the two operating segments.  As far as, I think you were alluding to the behavioral drags, specifically I think I mentioned this again in answer maybe to Justin's original question on the call. I mean we definitely saw a drag in two or three facilities on the behavioral side that are experiencing regulatory challenges. I think they've been relatively well publicized in Oklahoma and in Massachusetts. As we try and work out our issues with the regulators in those states, rectify what they believe are the corrections we have to make et cetera, it's a bit of a double whammy because in the current environment, in the current quarter and quite frankly into next quarter, we expect we'll have a lower than sort of ordinary referral stream and lower than expected volumes. But we're generally keeping our expense structure in place in the hopes that we're going to rectify this relatively soon and will be able to get back to relatively normal operations.  So I think what I was saying in response to Justin earlier was that we assume that the drag from those facilities that we experienced in quarter three, would be fairly similar in Q4, but that as we entered into 2018, we would either rectify the revenue side of this and essentially get back to where we were. Or we would have to right size the facilities and adjust our expenses to a lower, a more permanent sort of revenue reduction. So we'll deal with that, but at least in Q4, the assumption was as we continue to work with the regulators in the States in those markets, it will be the same magnitude of result.
Alan Miller: And then I think your bed expansion question, which was your first question, we will - it's not always the most ratable sort of thing, but I think we've been adding beds at a pace of about six or 800 beds a year on the behavioral side. That’s certainly been our target, and I think that has not changed for us, and we would expect something along those lines in 2018 as well.
Frank Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ana Gupte. Miss Gupte, your line is open.
Anagha Gupte: Good morning. Steve, wanted to follow up on the behavioral side. So as you point out, it's encouraging that your length of stay pressure hasn’t gotten worse sequentially. I wasn't sure when we met with all of you in September. Given that, and I think your commentary about volume being largely impacted by it sounds like transient issues on hurricane, maybe more seasonality or whatever, what is the timing do you think now of you getting back to that normal revenue growth rate? You had given us an update in the second quarter it being in mid-2018. 
Steve Filton: Yes. I don't think that's really changed, Ana. I mean again, I think from the original guidance back at the beginning of the year, the original guidance sort of was premised on the idea that we could get to that sort of 5% targeted same store revenue growth rate in behavioral by the end of 2017. And I think we really changed that view at the end of the second quarter to say now this was now more of a first half 2018 issue, either Q1 or Q2. Again, I think given some of the challenges in Q3, I guess I would conservatively say it's probably now more a Q2 of ‘18 issue. But I think it's all really from our perspective, just elongating the timeframe on an incremental basis rather than changing any sort of fundamental view we have about what the real underlying metrics of the business are. 
Anagha Gupte: And on the length of stay, can you tell us and any more color on why it's stabilizing now? It sounds like from all your comments, this is coming mainly from mix shifting to managed Medicaid and managed Medicaid payers putting in a lot of pressure. Has this been kind of a one-time thing because of the IMD exclusion and it then subsides and you kind - your comps get easier so next year you’ll have a flattish number? Is that a fair assessment?
Steve Filton: Generally, yes. I mean I think there is - we're talking about a relatively short length of stay for these Medicaid patients to begin with. So I think there is quite frankly almost by definition, a limited amount of downside in terms of how much the length of stay can be reduced without really impacting the clinical outcomes and the quality of care for these patients. That’s number one. Number two is I think, because we're now focused on this issue, I think we're just doing a better job of really documenting the clinical needs of these patients and the need, where appropriate, for them to stay longer where that’s clinically appropriate, et cetera. So I think it's a combination of kind of a natural floor on this issue, as well as our just doing a better job representing the interests of our patients and our clinicians.
Anagha Gupte: And as far as - so given that you’re seeing it's a natural floor, do you think you would still need to invoke mental health parity or any other kind of legal routes to pressure them, not necessarily in court? Or is this pretty much something that’s behind you at this point?
Steve Filton: No. I think and I think we've said this before, I mean I think we have sort of a menu of options available to us that just range from day to day interactions with the payers and providing them proper documentation, et cetera and extend all the way up as you suggest, to ultimately having to take a payer to court. And obviously that's the last sort of resort that we would try and avoid. But again, I think that we're going to pursue what we think is best for our patients and what our clinicians advise us is best for our patients to whatever degree we have to. And again, I think we would hope that in most cases, that can be mutually agreed upon with the payer, but if we need to be more aggressive, we'll do that as well. 
Anagha Gupte: And a final question. Can you give us an update on the regulatory settlement that you’re seeking with the federal and state agencies, and the magnitude of that and timing?
Steve Filton: Yes. That’s a slow moving process. It has always been a slow moving process. I mean I think we have expressed a more positive view I guess on our part in the last quarter or two, that the government seems more engaged and more interested in bringing this investigation to conclusion than they have been for a while. But to be, I think realistic about it, I think we're still well into the middle of next year at the earliest before we could realistically bring this to conclusion. We feel like we're working as - on as focused basis and as aggressively as we can on our end to provide the government everything they have asked for and to keep moving this along. And we hope that they’ll respond in a sort of similarly interested way, and have every reason to believe at this point and hope that they will. 
Anagha Gupte: Great. Thanks so much, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Taylor. Mr. Taylor, your line is open. 
Gary Taylor: You've answered almost everything I had. Just last one. On the four Puerto Rico behavioral facilities, do you have annual revenue and EBITDA contribution from those combined facilities?
Steve Filton: Yes. Sure. So just to clarify, Gary, I mean I think that it's three facilities in Puerto Rico and one in Houston that has beds closed. But the fundamental question I think, probably on a combined basis, those facilities have annual EBITDA of maybe $10 million or $12 million. So it doesn't seem all that material. But I just want to make the point that in the short run, because I think of a dynamic that I described before where effectively we’ve reduced substantially the amount of revenue we have. We may have increased the expense, but we certainly have reduced the expense. As we sort of wait for the markets to get back to normal and we try and do right by our employees, the drag that those facilities I think could provide over the next quarter, is I think far greater than their actual EBITDA. So I think we have the sense that it could be another $5 million or $6 million drag in the quarter because we've got reduced revenue and not reduced expense. So they're not all that large facilities, but that's why in the short run I think they have an outsized or potentially an outsized impact.
Gary Taylor: So you could actually run a loss near term?
Steve Filton: Correct. That's exactly the issue.
Gary Taylor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Whit Mayo. Mr. Mayo, your line is open. 
Whit Mayo: Back to the two behavioral hospitals that you referenced that were a drag in the quarter from regulatory issues, did you actually give the dollar amount that it impacted the quarter?
Steve Filton: Yes. so - well, I'm not sure that I did, Whit, but I think that number is probably in the 7, 8, $9 million range at the two or three facilities that I think are facing sort of current regulatory challenges. That was the drag in the quarter.
Whit Mayo: Got it. And just - sorry, I had a couple of numbers written down here that may be a little inconsistent, but the hurricane drag on a EBITDA basis, that was how much for the behavioral business in the quarter?
Steve Filton: Somewhere in that $8 million range.
Whit Mayo: Okay. So looks like adjusting for those two items, EBITDA would have increased 1.5% or so year over year. So a little bit better trajectory I guess on the underlying business. Is that how you would characterize it?
Steve Filton: I think that's fair.
Whit Mayo: Yes. And then on - in terms of same store revenue or just admissions volumes, patient days, how did the hurricanes impact the topline for the behavioral segment?
Steve Filton: So I think we said that we believe that the impact was about 100, 110 basis points on both volumes and revenue.
Whit Mayo: Okay. So that would get you to, close to 3% same store revenue. Looks like maybe the highest year over year increase in five or six quarters. So just want to make sure we're looking at this correctly. Maybe my next question just on capital deployment. You bought back some stock. You continue to pay down debt. Leverage is in the low twos at this point. And I know the message has sort of been, doesn't make a whole lot of sense to pay down a lot of debt here and we're going to get more aggressive on buybacks, but it doesn't seem like you're getting terribly more aggressive. So just anything to read into this? Just curious on any updated thoughts as you think about the balance sheet and leverage going forward. Thanks.
Steve Filton: And I think all the comments that you made which were meant to articulate I think our position remain the same. We do - we are more than comfortable with our current leverage levels. We don't want them to be any lower. We’ll continue to be I think an active acquirer of our shares at these levels. We do try and balance that and manage that against any other external opportunities that may arise. There are not always easy to forecast or predict in a precise way. So there is a bit of a struggle to manage that, but I think otherwise everything else you said about leverage and about the attractiveness of repurchasing our own shares remains true.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Maybe one last one and I’ll get back in the queue is, I know you're not giving guidance for 2018 at this point. I mean presumably you're in the midst of the planning process. And I just didn't know if you’re looking at Street numbers and you see any discrete headwinds or tailwinds that you’d like to call out at this point. Just I don't know, maybe just a frame of how you're thinking about the businesses generically next year, just to give us a little bit of help in framing up where we should be for 2018. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So we certainly are not giving guidance today and will not give 2018 guidance until most likely the end of February, which is our normal practice. But I think I have mentioned already previously in this call, as well as at other times. Our general sense of the trajectory of the two businesses, we kind of believe that the behavioral business will sort of get back to what we would sort of describe as kind of a normalized 5% same store revenue growth rate sometime in the middle of 2018. We think that the acutes, which have been running pretty consistently, at least at the 5% to 6% range, will continue to do so into ’18. So you can sort of I think presume the EBITDA growth that goes along with that. In terms of some of the pushes and pulls that go along with that, some of the special reimbursement items are still difficult to project. We’ll certainly be able to give more precise guidance on that sort of - on those sort of issues as we get closer and as we give our formal guidance. But again, I think we've talked about how we see the fundamental trajectory of the two businesses is pretty candidly and frankly, pretty consistently for a while now.
Whit Mayo: Yes. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Ransom. Mr. Ransom, your line is open. 
John Ransom: Good morning. Most of my questions were asked, but just a more philosophical question. Hospitals have been moving into the outpatient business for a decade plus. It’s not new. But I just see more rhetoric and I think more awareness from consumers that just because it's outpatient, if it's owned by the hospital, there's a premium that's paid, versus say a physician owned surgery center. A, do you think that's a legitimate criticism? And B, is that something that the industry can address by becoming a bit more sensitive to the elasticity of demand? Because it looks to me like there are emerging - with the freestanding urgent care clinics, with physician and surgery centers, that there are lower cost options out there than what hospitals can do, even though they call it outpatient. Is that something you guys think about at all and is that a legitimate issue to be focused on?
Steve Filton: John, I think it's a legitimate issue. I'm not sure, and certainly a lot has been written about consumerism and the consumers making these choices. I think from our perspective, this still largely remains of payer driven issue. And to your point, I mean at the end of the day, payers have a clear line of sight, I think most of the time about where the most efficient and cheapest care is being provided. And we have to be competitive as hospitals to compete with the niche providers who are providing that same care. So I think this is more of an issue with - between the providers and the payers than necessarily between the providers and directly with the consumers.  I also believe that as the reimbursement landscape continues to evolve and we move to more bundle payments or ACO payments or even ultimately the capitated payments, the leverage will swing back to the providers, to the hospitals and the physicians who will control more of that healthcare dollar. And when they control the healthcare dollar, I think they'll be able to steer that business back to where they're providing it as opposed to where these niche providers are providing it. So again, this is a slowly evolving and slowly developing dynamic, but I think that's the direction we'll continue to move in.
John Ransom: So is it also fair to say that it may be relative to expectations in the early days of the ACA. Have the new age payment structures with managed care, they've been slower to evolve for than you might have expected. And if so, if that's true, then why do you think that is, other than it's just really complicated and payers are bureaucratic and slow to move?
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think the first part is absolutely true. And again, as I've said in answer to a number of questions already today, look, healthcare I think is very much a local market business and a lot of these trends move at different paces in different markets. We tend to be kind of smaller, probably not a great description, but less developed, less mature I'll call them, managed care market. So I think some of the trends don't develop as quickly in our markets as they do maybe in some others. But yes. I mean look, we've cited for instance the development of narrow networks as something that we generally look forward to and felt like we would benefit from. And we've seen some of that and we've helped engineer some of that in our markets. But it's been slower than we expected.  And look, I think your point, John about it being complicated is not something that should be overlooked or taken too lightly. I think one of the reasons why payers are slow to move on these things, and why quite frankly, providers are slow to move is because it is complicated and you do need a lot of analysis and information to make sure that everybody can continue to sort of be viable and prosper when you change the reimbursement landscape in a terribly significant way. So I think it'll continue to evolve, but it will be at a measured pace. 
John Ransom: Yes. And just one more on this topic. As you know, of course CMS took a step back on CJR and it's voluntary versus mandatory. How was - is UHS - do you have a uniform approach to this where you might do it in some markets and not in others? Or is it more of a market by market decision? And just kind of where are you on the post-acute bundling of particular hips and knees?
Steve Filton: Yes. So, and I think we may have talked about this publicly before, but UHS was actually I think a pretty aggressive early adopter of the bundled payment initiatives and volunteered in many of our markets, if not most of our markets, for the initiatives. I think we felt like we were well positioned, particularly in partnership with our physicians to benefit. And I think for a lot of the reasons that CMS has stepped back in terms of timeliness of information and the sort of fulsomeness of the information available to allow providers to manage through these issues. We, I think we became a little bit disillusioned and sort of disenrolled from a lot of these programs. But I think we've spent a lot of time and focused being prepared for these. And when I think the payers, both the government and the private payers are ready to move forward with them, I think we feel like we’ll be well positioned and prepared to move forward with them.
John Ransom: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sarah James. Miss. James, your line is open. 
Sarah James: I wanted to go back to the comment on resolving the nurse shortage on the behavioral side of the business. So in the past, you’ve talked about bed closures because of the nursing shortage. Can you just remind us what percent of beds were closed or kind of the headwind experienced on admissions from those bed closures? And then the resolution that's coming in 4Q, should we think about that as being all the beds reopening, which I think was the goal you had stated in the past? Or is it a step towards that, but not quite reaching a full reopening of the beds? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Sure, Sarah. So I mean I think what we said when this - we first started discussing this problem, which as I mentioned earlier was probably a good two years ago, we. were careful to note that this was really a market specific issue, that there were a half a dozen markets that were particularly difficult for us, maybe 20 some odd facilities. The reason that we don't necessarily sort of give these closed beds numbers or percentages of beds that are closed, et cetera is because I think those who follow the industry like to think of this as sort of a static issue, that there's kind of a number of closed beds at the outset and then you just continue to work that number down. I mean the reality, as you might imagine is, it's a fluid sort of issue and a facility that had a problem is able to solve its problem, but then another facility comes into it.  What I said I think in response to an earlier question is, ultimately the way we've measured our progress, particularly on the behavioral side of this, is the continued growth in admissions over the last year or so. The labor shortage was a problem that manifested itself on the behavioral side ultimately and originally through a pretty dramatic decline in admission growth. And I think in our minds, the way that we're able to convince ourselves that we're ultimately solving that problem is through the recovery of admission growth and the rebound in admission growth. And even though as somebody asked before, we certainly track a lot of other metrics like vacancies and turnover and number of nurses in training and orientation. Ultimately the proof in the pudding is, are we able to open these beds and are we able to increase admissions? And we feel like for the most part, we've been able to do that, albeit in an incremental way. The progress has been slow, but we've been able to do it pretty slowly and steadily for the last year or so. 
Sarah James: And will you reach the full benefit of the additional admissions in the fourth quarter or should we still think of this as a work in progress?
Steve Filton: Yes. so I think, again what we've said is, for a variety of reasons, I think it will take us to the first half of 2018 to get back to the 5% targeted behavioral growth. One of the issues that continues - we’ll continue to work on will be the labor shortage. So I don't think that will be - and by the way, I don't think even when we get to the 5% growth, that it'll absolutely mean that we've solved, if you will, the labor shortage. It will just mean that we've kind of returned to at least sort of a status quo that we were at back in the middle of ‘15 when the problem really began to accelerate. 
Sarah James: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Do you have any closing remarks?
Steve Filton: I do not, other than to thank everybody for their time, and we look forward to speaking with them at the end of the year. Thank you. 
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.
Analysts: A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Jason W. Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Joanna Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anagha Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tanya and I will your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UHS Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Steve Filton. Mr. Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2017. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecast, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors, and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $1.91 for the quarter after adjusting for the favorable impact from our January 1, 2017 adoption of ASU 2016-09 as discussed in our press release, and the depreciation and amortization expense recorded in connection with the implementation of electronic health records applications at our acute care hospitals, as disclosed on the Supplemental Schedule included with last night's earnings release. Adjusted net income attributable to UHS was $188.1 million, or $1.94 per diluted share, during the second quarter of 2017, as compared to $191.1 million, or $1.94 per diluted share, during the second quarter of last year. On a same-facility basis in our acute care division, revenues during the second quarter of 2017 increased 5.1% over last year's comparable quarter. The increase resulted primarily from a 6.0% increase in adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year. On a same-facility basis, net revenues in our behavioral health division increased 2.2% during the second quarter of 2017, as compared to the second quarter of 2016. During this year's second quarter, as compared to last year's, adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year decreased 3.7% and – excuse me, increased 3.7% and adjusted patient days increased 1.4%. Revenue per adjusted admission decreased 1.4%, and revenue per adjusted day increased 0.9% during the second quarter of 2017, over the comparable prior-year quarter. Based upon the operating trends and financial results experienced during the first six months of 2017, we are revising our estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2017, to $7.50 to $8 per diluted share, from the previously provided range of $7.70 to $8.20 per diluted share. This revised guidance, which excludes the expected electronic health records impact for the year, as well as the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-09, decreases both the lower and upper end of the previously provided range by approximately 2.5%. For the six months ended June 30, 2017, our cash provided by operating activities decreased to $534 million from $836 million generated during the comparable six-month period of 2016. The $302 million decrease was caused primarily by a $217 million unfavorable change in other working capital accounts, resulting primarily from changes in accrued compensation and accounts payable due to timing of disbursements, and a $92 million unfavorable change in cash flows from foreign currency forward exchange contracts related to our investments in the UK. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased slightly to 51 days during the second quarter of 2017, as compared to 50 days during the second quarter of 2016. At June 30, 2017, our ratio of debt to total capitalization declined to 46.1% as compared to 47.7% at December 31, 2016. We spent $118 million on capital expenditures during the second quarter of 2017, and $262 million during the first six months of 2017. In conjunction with our $800 million stock repurchase program during the second quarter of 2017, we repurchased approximately 984,000 shares of our stock at an aggregate cost of $116 million, or approximately $118 per share. Since inception of the program through June 30, 2017, we have repurchased approximately 5.5 million shares at an aggregate cost of $641 million, or approximately $117 per share. Alan and I would be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, everybody. A couple of quick questions, if I could ask maybe. Just looking at the technical financials, on the non-same-store psych business, it looks like, I guess, that's mainly Cambian. It looks like you might have had pressure on that result. Was there anything else in there that you'd highlight, and how is Cambian doing right out of the box here?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: A.J., I think, as we'd discussed in the first quarter, and I would reiterate in the second quarter, that Cambian operations are performing pretty much as we expected. When we acquired Cambian late in 2016, we talked about an ongoing run rate of about $45 million of EBITDA, and I think we're on track with that, with the exception that in the first six months of ownership, we had a sort of transition services agreement with the previous owner where we were paying for some of their administrative services. And that depresses the EBITDA a little bit; I mean, not a great deal. But I think from an operating perspective, the facilities have been performing as we expected and the expectation is that they'll continue to do so. Now, we do have a negative currency adjustment and have had that just in terms of – that affects, frankly, more of our existing operations than the Cambian operations. I think what you are looking at in terms of the non-same-store behavioral results is about $13 million or $14 million of unfavorable adjustments in the quarter relating to a couple of items: a non-recurring one-time adjustment to disproportionate share monies in one particular state and some malpractice expense adjustments. Those are offset, to some degree, by $5 million or $6 million of favorable adjustments in the acute division. The net of $7 million or $8 million of unfavorable adjustments is something we didn't disclose on a consolidated basis because we didn't view it as material.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks. Then I guess, stepping back, if I look at the results, it looks like maybe a little bit of puts and takes in acute, but I would characterize that as largely in line with expectations, maybe a little bit ahead, and that to the extent there was any variance, it was mainly on the behavioral side. I'd love to hear you confirm that. And then drilling down, it seems like the behavioral variance is largely in length of stay, which I know we've talked about; a couple of payers in the Medicaid side that you've been trying to negotiate with, that have put pressure on length of stay. Have you been able to drill down and give more flavor as to what you're actually seeing with that length of stay and whether it can be corrected quickly, I guess?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So, I will confirm your characterization, A.J., of the acute results for the second quarter as being in line. I think they were very much consistent with our expectations. In particular, we're pleased with the strength, particularly the volume strength on the acute side, but, again, the overall result is, I think, very much in line. On the behavioral side, again, I think your characterization is fair. The 2.2% revenue growth, even when you adjust that for the negative currency swing between years, I think that number becomes something like closer to 2.75% same-store revenue growth on the behavioral side, and that's still a little bit lower than where we expect it to be at this time of the year. We probably expect it to be closer to something like 3.5% and I think you've identified the variance as the length of stay, I mean, that admission growth number which I think now has grown for four consecutive quarters, is really well within, and, frankly, probably a little bit ahead of our expectations and I think is reflective of what we have been saying all along, that the underlying demand for our behavioral services across the portfolio remains strong, but the length of stay decline that we've experienced in Q1 and Q2 is not something we anticipated when we gave our original guidance. I think most of the commentary that I would make on that length of stay contraction is similar to what I said in Q1, and that is that I think it's a result of really two dynamics; one is that we are seeing more Medicaid patients who tend to have a lower length of stay than the rest of our payers. We believe that probably the impetus for that increase in Medicaid utilization is the benefit of the IMD exclusion being lifted, and – but I think one of the things that's happening in the short run is, there is some adverse payer mix selection, and that increase in Medicaid patients is crowding out some of the Medicare and commercial patients who, in many cases, are probably better-paying patients, and also those with higher length of stay. The other issue, I think, that we talked about, and I think you were sort of alluding to in your question is that within the Medicaid payer mix in that patient population, we're seeing some more aggressive behavior on the part of payers. I think our point of view is that over the course of the next few quarters, we will either, where it's clinically appropriate, be able to impact that length of stay and restore it to where it was, or I guess I should say, and/or the admission growth will continue and will offset that impact of the length of stay decline. And so in our minds, we will get to where we targeted, from the sort of 3.5% same-store revenue growth that we thought, and we're probably 75 basis points behind there, I think we feel like we will get to that 5% revenue growth that we thought we'd exit the year at. We'll get there, but it will probably be a quarter or two behind schedule.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gurda with KeyBanc.
Jason W. Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, Good morning. Thank you. Steve, can you provide an update on how the UK volumes on the behavioral side look compared to the U.S. volumes?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean I think, Jason, I don't have the exact data in front of me, but I think the UK volumes are growing. I mean, honestly, we are more capacity-limited in the UK than we are here in the U.S.; we run at occupancy rates in the UK that are probably in the low 90s as opposed to the high 70s that we operate here in the U.S., but I think, we're growing admissions in the UK by that similar, sort of, 3% to 4% number that we're reflecting on the U.S. side as well.
Jason W. Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And on the acute care side, the soft revenue per adjusted admission growth, is that from the mix shift that we saw in the first quarter?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, I think that's really a mechanical issue that because we are reimbursed almost exclusively on the behavioral side on a per-day or per diem basis, the effect of a decline in length of stay is that revenue per admission declines, and that's what you're seeing. I think the way that we do our model is, we do it based on revenue per day rather than revenue per admission, and the revenue per day growth of roughly 1% in the quarter is very consistent with what our expectations were.
Jason W. Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Actually, I was referring to the acute care side...
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I'm sorry.
Jason W. Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: ...where I think you had lower growth in surgery volumes compared to medical volumes.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. No, I think on the acute side, that's exactly right. I mean, I think to some degree, Jason, the growth in our admissions on the acute side, the outsized growth which, I think, has been, and my expectation, will continue to be generally better than our peers' is a function, to some degree, of seeing more of those lower acuity admissions. I think some of those lower acuity admissions over the last few years had been converted to observation patients, and one of the things that I think we said over the course of the last few years is that at some point, the pendulum would begin to swing back, at least partially, the other way, and more of those observation patients would qualify for in-patient admission where they've met clinical criteria, et cetera, and I think you're seeing that happening. So, we're seeing a bit more of those lower acuity admissions, but obviously to a degree that's also driving the revenue per admission down. I think also as our peers have noted as well, we continue to see and have seen, I think, for the last couple of years, an incremental increase in uncompensated patients, a slight decline in commercial patients, particularly commercial exchange patients, and I think those trends continue, although I don't think they were particularly – there was anything particularly dramatic or new in the quarter.
Jason W. Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Joanna Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. This is actually Joanna Gajuk filling in for Kevin. Thanks for taking the question here. So, just to follow up on the last point; in terms of the payer mix that you mentioned that you feel like you continue to see slight declines in commercial patients and increase in uncompensated or uninsured patients, so, should we expect these trends to continue, and so, I guess, if that's the case, should we expect the sort of flat pricing to continue for the rest of the year for the Acute Care business?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Joanna, I would answer the question by saying that the 5% revenue growth – same-store revenue growth that we experienced in the quarter was similar to our expectations; and we said at the beginning of the year that our expectations for acute care revenue growth were in the 5% to 6% range for the year, with the understanding that those numbers would get better as the year progressed because the comparisons get easier. I think when we gave that original guidance, our presumption was that revenue growth would be split pretty evenly between volume and price; and, I think we would sort of stick to the overall revenue assumption, and I think we'll likely trend that way. But if we continue to generate higher admissions, I think that revenue per admission will be lower. But I think we continue, as I think A.J.'s initial question indicated, our acute overall results are very much in line and our acute guidance remains very much in line with what it was originally, and that is something like 5% or 6% revenue growth. How we get there between admissions and volume may change, but I think we're comfortable with the overall revenue guidance.
Joanna Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That makes sense. But then staying on the acute, right, so you're talking about the 5% to 6% revenue growth, and I guess, the margin did not really improve that much as you would expect; and, I assume there is partial impact in there from the health fund business. So correct me if I'm wrong there. And then, is there anything else you would highlight? I guess the fact that you're talking about a lower acuity and increases in payer mix, but I guess that's reflected in the – not much of a margin improvement in that segment.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, I think that, as we've talked about probably over the course of the last few quarters, probably the single biggest impairment or, I guess, obstacle, I guess, is a better word, to growing those acute care margins has been the wage pressure and the labor pressure. I think on the acute side, we continue to run higher than what we would consider to be ideal levels of premium pay that is over-time and use of temporary nurses, in particular. I think our general sense over, again, the course of the year in our guidance was that those pressures would become more muted in the back-half of the year when the comparisons became easier, and that's still our expectation.
Joanna Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And on the labor front, any color in terms of the psych business in terms of how you are progressing in terms of the pressure there? Thank you.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, we first began to talk about the labor pressures and the labor constraints probably in the middle of 2015, actually, initially, I think, as a shortage of psychiatrists, and then later more as a shortage of nurses; and we really began to talk about it because we began to see our admissions more muted. As I said in response to, again, I think A.J.'s initial question, those behavioral admissions have been growing for the last four quarters, I believe; and in my mind, that's reflective of the progress that we're making on that labor front. So, as we fill more of those positions, our admissions go up. To be fair, we have not completely solved or resolved that problem and we still have pockets of either nurse or physician shortages, but clearly in my mind, the 3.7% admission growth that we posted in Q2 reflects the fact that we've made a significant amount of progress on that issue and expect to continue to make progress as the year goes on.
Joanna Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Piper Jaffray.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Austin (20:53) on for Sarah. So, we're looking a little closer into the behavioral health business and, I guess, we're just kind of wondering, how has the competitive dynamics of hiring behavioral health nurses changed over the past year?
Unknown Speaker: Can you speak up a little, please?
Unknown Speaker: Yeah. Sorry about that. How has the competitive dynamics of hiring behavioral health nurses changed over the past year and have competitors become more aggressive with their hiring process to either gather or retain their nurses?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure, Austin. So, I think we've been pretty clear about this. I mean, I think what happened beginning in around the middle of 2015 is that, as the economy continued to recover and, in particular, as unemployment rates went down, and especially in certain markets where the labor market seemed particularly tight and competitive, we saw that our competitor hospitals were hiring away nurses and physicians, and that wage rates were being elevated and became more competitive, et cetera. And I think one thing that became – I don't want to say it was a new phenomena, but it certainly seemed to accelerate and be at an elevated level was we really began to see acute care hospitals hiring away our behavioral nurses; not that we had never seen that before, but I think we were seeing it at a rate and a frequency and a scope that we had never really seen before and quite frankly, continue to see it. Now, we have responded by adjusting our own wage rates and by doing any number of other things to both attract, and I think, in particular, to retain nurses once we have them hired, but certainly we would characterize the market for both nurses and psychiatrists as more competitive today than certainly it was, I'd say, two or three years ago.
Unknown Speaker: All right. Great. Thanks for the color. So, it looks like you guys did make some progress on that front with behavioral health adjusted admissions growing by 3.7% during the quarter, which is better than we anticipated. So, I mean, how do you see the ramp for the remainder of the year and into 2018 for behavioral health adjusted admissions?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So, again, I think our original guidance for the year presumes that we would exit the year at about 5% revenue growth rate, which we sort of further broke down to the sort of 3% or 4% volume, and 1% to 2% price. As I suggested earlier, I think we're at a rate in Q2, of about 2.75%, if you adjust for the currency change; which is about 75 basis points from a revenue perspective behind where we thought we'd be in. That, I think, accounts largely for the miss in Q2, as well as for the guidance or the guide down in the quarter. But I think our expectation is that we will get to that 5% revenue growth, just maybe a quarter or two later than we expected, and it will either be as a result of, as I said, our being able to impact that length of stay decline where it's clinically appropriate, or from the admission growth, just continuing its upward trajectory, because honestly, that 3.7% admission growth or adjusted admission growth that we saw in Q2, as you suggest, not only is higher than what you expected, but it was higher than what we expected, and quite frankly, it's right at a level that we thought it would take us to the end of the year to get to this. So, we certainly have an expectation that it can continue to grow and that the underlying demand will support that growth. And so, we believe it'll continue to trend up at least for the foreseeable several quarters.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Anagha Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Hi. Thanks. Good morning. The question – the first question I had was, while your – the provision for that flip-downs look relatively stable, the charity and uninsured discounts, as a percentage of revenue trended up quite meaningfully. Can you give us any color around what's going on there?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So, Ana, for those who have listened to our calls for a long time, I'm sure I'll give an answer that sounds familiar although maybe frustrating to those who focus on this. We always say that we really, internally, focus entirely on sort of, the cash net revenue per admission or net revenue per day depending on which division we're looking at, as opposed to individual shifts between charity care and uninsured discount and bad debt expense, which we acknowledge, fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, and which we struggle with explaining. I think on the acute side, as I already discussed in response to, I think, it was Jason's earlier question, revenue per admission was relatively flat in the quarter. I think that had more to do with mix of patients and lower acuity patients than it did with payer mix, although, I did acknowledge, as many of our peers have talked about over the last several quarters, that we continue to see an uptick in uncompensated patients and a downturn in commercial patients, particularly commercial exchange patients. Those phenomena, however, I think have been present for at least the last six maybe even eight quarters.
Anagha Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: So, there isn't any acceleration in either attrition off of the marketplaces and/or from a macroeconomic perspective and oil-heavy economies that you're seeing more uninsured patients in any accelerated way?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Not, I think, in an accelerated way; I think we've seen that, again, those trends in place now for a while and quite frankly, I think they continue with each passing quarter. But no, I wouldn't characterize that trend as accelerating.
Anagha Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Then on the behavioral side, back to the length of stay, you alluded to Medicaid and then to some degree, private payers; CMS has just come out with a, kind of, an initial suggestion around moving to a different, more value-based oriented behavioral reimbursement, and putting all of that together, do you see this as broader pressure that maybe hard, more challenging to avert even in the back-half of the year in 2018, or is this something that from better negotiations and it's more tactical and it can be brought back to historical?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Look, I think it's hard to say; I don't know that we have a perfect inside into how this length of stay trend is likely to develop. I think that there is sort of a natural tension between payers who would like to see patients discharged earlier and providers, and particularly the psychiatrists who are making that length of stay or that discharge decision, who feel like patients are sometimes being asked to be discharged by their payers sooner than medically appropriate or medically necessary. We'll continue to do everything that we believe the clinical record suggests as appropriate, to keep patients as long as our psychiatrists deem is appropriate, but, how those trends develop over time, I think, it's hard for us to say. I will make the point that the length of stay for acute psychiatric patients is already, on average, sort of in the high single-digits, so, changes to them – and I'm not a clinician, and I'm not going to get into sort of the clinical aspects of this, but changes to what is already, I think, we believe a relatively low length of stay, for patients who are quite ill in many cases, can be, I think, significant and we're going to continue to work with our payers to make sure that our patients stay for the appropriate length of time and get the appropriate amount of treatment.
Anagha Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Got it. Thanks, Steve, for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Actually just wanted to follow-up on the last point, Steve. When we think about the length of stay pressure, I guess I had always assumed it was more on the longer length of stay at a residential treatment side, but what are you saying it's sort of broad based and you're seeing it even on the acute side at this point?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So, I think, Chris, and this may be what's informing your point of view is that back in the 2013-2014 period, when we also experienced a length of stay decline in the behavioral division, we did at that time, describe it as primarily focused on the residential business, our long-term patients, but I think over the last couple of quarters – and then that length of stay by the way stabilized, I think in 2015-2016. Over the first couple of quarters in 2017, the length of stay pressure that we've been experiencing has really been in the acute side of the business, the acute behavioral side of the business and not on the residential side.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I guess how much – you sort of alluded to this, you can get to the 5% target just if you get the admissions growth to a high enough level; but I mean, what is your level of confidence that you guys can sort of affect stabilization and the length of stay versus just the payers backing off a little bit? I think, I guess I'm just trying to figure out how much is in your control versus third parties.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Look. I think that this is a push and pull sort of dynamic, the payers are always pressuring providers for, in our minds, the lowest possible length of stay and again, the ultimate decision, I think, comes down to a question of clinical appropriateness and certainly on our end, that's being made by a treating psychiatrist. We hope that on the payer end, it's also being made by someone with a clinical background who has the best interest of the patient at heart as well. It's difficult for me to predict. Obviously, we suggested, or I suggested at the end of Q1 that we would hope to be able potentially to impact length of stay in Q2 if it was clinically appropriate and that really didn't happen. So again, the only point that I'll make is, I think we believe we can get to our revenue guidance number; even if we don't get to it by the end of 2017, we can get to it early in 2018 through some combination of a continued increase in admissions and potentially a stabilizing length of stay number.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay and if I could just slip one more in; on the acute care side, could you give us a sense for what type of revenue growth you're expecting for the second half of the year? And I'll leave it there. Thanks a lot.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, so again, our original guidance on the acute care side was 5% to 6% revenue growth for the year, and as I said earlier, kind of split pretty evenly between price and volumes. At least, that was our original assumption. The notion always was, that would be a sort of increasing trajectory as the year went on because the first half of the year comparisons from a revenue perspective were quite difficult, and the comparisons in the second half of the year were markedly easier. And again, I think that remains our projections. I think the acute care performance, as in an earlier question, suggests it was very much in line; and our guidance, and our guidance both from a revenue and an EBITDA perspective, remain the same for the back half of the year.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with Robert Baird.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey. Thanks. Steve, just wanted to ask a quick clarification question. The 2.2% same-store revenue growth in the behavioral business is actually 2.8% after currency, correct?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Correct.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. That would be the best same-store growth in a year, and you're expecting almost a point of improvement in each quarter in the second half to get you to kind of a 4% to 5% range, is that correct?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I think something more in the 70 basis points or 80 basis points a quarter, Whit, you know, is probably...
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: But just over 4%?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. That would be the best same-store growth in probably two years. And with that type of growth, you do believe that you can grow your margins year-over-year?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think, Whit, if we get to that 4% growth, we should see – and the model suggests and the historic performance would suggest, we should have some margin expansion at those levels.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. And maybe just an update on capital deployment, how you're ranking priorities and just maybe update us on your joint venture development opportunities; just wasn't sure if there's any developments worth discussing.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah; a couple of different questions, I guess. I mean, from a capital deployment issue, I don't know that there are any sort of imminent opportunities to deploy significant amounts of capital through M&A, but we continue to explore those opportunities all the time. We talked at the end of Q1 about ramping up our share repurchase activity in Q2, which I think the numbers suggest we did, in fact, do. And I think as we think about the model for the balance of the year, we think that our share repurchase will probably be at a minimum at those same kinds of levels as we saw in Q2. As far as the joint venture strategy on the behavioral side, those conversations continue to be quite active. I think we've already announced a number of those ventures, including some new hospitals that are being built in partnership with big acute care partners that will open sometime in 2018. I think when we get to the end of the year and we give our 2018 guidance, we'll be more specific about how we expect the joint venture strategy to specifically impact our earnings going forward; but, I will say that the conversations and the continued planning remain quite active on that front.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. And maybe just one last one; wasn't sure if there's any update with the government and the DOJ as it relates to the investigation, just any developments worth sharing. Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: No, I think as we said – or I said in Q2, in public forums and conferences, et cetera, that it certainly seems to us that the level of engagement with the government, the frequency and the scope of our conversations and contacts have increased over the last few months. We are cautiously encouraged by that and believe that it suggests that we hope, I guess, that we're in the later innings of this process. I don't think we are far enough along to be able to, with any level of precision yet, predict a finite outcome or even the timing of such an outcome; but again, I think we remain cautiously optimistic that we're a lot closer to resolution on this process that has been ongoing for, now, close to five years, than we were – I don't think we necessarily had that same view even as recently as maybe, let's say, six months or nine months ago.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. No, very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. First, let me follow up on Whit's question there on the OIG, Steve. I know this is obviously a sensitive topic; just curious, I mean, the – I guess it has been four years you've been receiving requests intermittently. Now, you're saying that the OIG discussions have increased. Can you tell us, have they kind of laid their cards on the table, so to speak, in terms of what their concerns are? And if so, is there anything there, if they have told you those concerns, that you think could have a material impact on your business or do you feel like you have reasonable counter-arguments for most of their concerns?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Look, I think we've suggested for some time, Justin, that we believe that the crux of the government's point of view was that patients were either inappropriately admitted or their length of stay was inappropriately longer than it needed to be, or their clinical treatment was inappropriate. We, I think, have said from the outset that we didn't necessarily share the government's point of view at all and have, I think, made a bigger argument to the government where we've been presented with some of their points of view, which I think has been in a fairly limited number of cases that we had a dramatically different point of view. But that's the nature of these investigations and, look, I think, there is some heavy lifting that remains to be done on both sides and, again, I just think that our point of view is, we hope that we're a lot closer to that, to both parties being willing to do that heavy lifting and get to a conclusion than we've been in a while.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. That's helpful and then Steve, the – my impression is that the – from a cadence perspective, the behavioral business, I think, you've been saying publicly in those same conferences that behavioral – this ramp in behavioral revenue looks like it was on track for most of the quarter. It sounds like it must have turned down in June relative to April and May; can you tell us what happened there specifically, and then given it did turn down so late in the quarter, if there's anything you could share with us in terms of how July is looking relative to June, that would be really helpful. Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, I think that we did make comments during the quarter that talked about sort of the strength in May, et cetera, which is sort of the implication being that June was weaker than we expected, and we did make those comments because at that point we were in our quiet period. I wouldn't read too much into it. It looks to me like July has bounced back some. I mean, I think if you step back, and again, I'm just going to return to sort of the cadence that I talked about, and I think Whit was sort of suggesting in his comments, the admission growth in particular has been on an upswing for the last four quarters and that translates to revenue growth being on that same upswing. And I think we believe that both of those trends are going to continue, albeit probably a little bit more slowly than our initial 2017 guidance implied.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Ransom with Raymond James.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. I just wanted to ask or drill down on that IMD issue, and I'm sorry if I missed this number, but approximately what percent of your acute short-stay admissions now are coming from IMD? We know they were zero a year ago. I'm just curious, what percent of the admissions they recommend and, I mean, excuse me, they represent, and also what the length of stay actual comparison is for Medicaid versus the rest of your book?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So, it's difficult to say, John, in the sense that IMD patients, or patients who are coming in as a result of the IMD don't necessarily carry a Medicaid card that says IMD, et cetera. I think we take the point of view that we have seen our Medicaid utilization increase since the IMD exclusion was lifted, and we make sort of, a default kind of – or we reached a sort of a default kind of conclusion that the increase in Medicaid utilization is a result largely of the IMD exclusion being lifted, but it's difficult, with any precision, to sort of identify the precise number of patients who really are at our hospitals, are eligible to be admitted to our hospitals because of the IMD exclusion, and I apologize...
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: No. Maybe a different way of asking it would be, what's Medicaid mix then in short-stay business? What was is it a year ago? What is it now? How much did it go up?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. So, I don't have those statistics right in front of me. I will tell you that I think our overall Medicaid utilization, which obviously includes traditional as well as managed Medicaid, is in mid-40s, et cetera, for our consolidated behavioral business.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And what was it a year ago?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I don't have that data, John.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And on the other part of the question, do you have at least just a directional sense – I mean, is it 7-day length of stay versus 10? I mean, is it something like a couple of days shorter, or do you have just a directional sense of what the difference is in length of stay?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Do you mean Medicaid compared to our other payers?
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah. Yeah. Correct.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. So, I think the Medicaid length of stay on average in the acute side of the business is probably in that six-day to seven-day range, probably Medicare is in the seven-day to eight-day range, and I think commercial was probably in the low teens, kind of 12-13 days.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And just on another point; you guys continue to carry around a great balance sheet; your cousins yesterday at National (43:18) have stepped up their end-market purchases of acute care hospitals. Are you seeing – I know you guys are very patient and strategic, but are you seeing more opportunities there? Do you agree with that strategy? And also, on the kind of flipping over to the behavioral side, you know, are you seeing any addiction type assets that are interesting as well? Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. Look John, we've always been interested in the in-market hospital acquisition opportunity. The challenge for that is, we're in a relatively limited number of markets and that means that there are a relatively limited number of hospitals that might be available to us.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Right.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: In the past year, as an example, however, we bought Desert View Hospital in the Greater Las Vegas market, that's in, to be fair, a smaller rural hospital, but one that we think rounded out our presence in that market. We obviously also built the Henderson Facility that Alan has mentioned on several of the calls and it has been doing quite well.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So, we continue to look for those opportunities in all of our existing markets whether they're inorganic M&A or organic capital capacity expansion. On the behavioral side, yeah, I mean, there are – I think the addiction corner of the behavioral market seems to be the sort of, hot, sort of market. We entered that kind of new style addiction business a couple of years ago when we bought Foundations. Part of our thought process when we bought Foundations was that it would provide a platform for us to continue to expand that business and we wouldn't necessarily have to do it through M&A which, we view as relatively expensive. I think most of the addiction assets that have been for sale over the last couple of years seems to be pretty expensive. So, we're growing the addiction business where we think it's appropriate, mostly, I think through organic means.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. That's very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. I hopped on a little bit late, so, Steve, not sure if you gave the payer mix that's in the quarter. If you haven't, it would be helpful to know sort of what it was on a year-over-year basis as well.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. Ralph, I mean, I think we've talked about sort of the payer mix trends in the two divisions; on the acute side, continuing – which are all continuing a decline in commercial utilization, an increase in uncompensated, on the psych side, an increase in Medicaid, but I've really not gone into more specifics on that.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. And as you look to 2018, can you maybe just talk about the pricing backdrop, your expectation for your sort of, pure managed care rates, Medicaid rates, Medicare rates? And then some of the acuity mix pressure that you've seen over the last couple of quarters, do you think that's kind of a comping-in thing as you don't see those pressures in the next year, you think there's more pressures as you think about sort of the acuity side of the equation from a pricing perspective next year?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I mean, I think that the pricing assumption that we made for our 2017 guidance, which is blended pricing on the behavioral side of 1% to 2% and blended pricing on the acute side of maybe 2.5% to 3%, is probably what – I mean, again, I'm not about to start to give 2018 guidance at this point, but as I sit here in mid-2017, it strikes me that that outlook at the moment, and things certainly can change between now and the end of the year, but that outlook seems reasonable for next year as well.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. But could you just put that into context? The last couple of quarters obviously is – particularly on the acute care side, you had negative and sort of flat pricing all-in. So, is there a way to sort of context as we think about next year? From pure rate perspective, it sounds like maybe 2%-2.5%, but do you think there's going to be sort of pressures on either acuity and/or payer mix that's sustained?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, so in response to a previous question, I think it was Joanna from Bank of America, what I said was, I think we were comfortable on the acute side with the assumption of a 5% or 6% same-store revenue growth rate in the acute business; and while we expect over time that that will be split pretty evenly between price and volume, it is conceivable that in the short run, like you saw in the second quarter, it may be skewed more towards admissions if we're getting those lower acuity admissions, et cetera. But at the end of the day, we were comfortable with the overall revenue growth of 5% to 6%.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Do you have any closing remarks?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: We do not; other than to thank everybody for their time, and we look forward to speaking with everybody next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Miller - CEO Steve Filton - CFO
Analysts: Joanna Gajuk - Bank of America Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Sarah James - Piper Jaffray A.J. Rice - UBS Justin Lake - Wolfe Research Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners Ralph Giacobbe - Citi Whit Mayo - Robert Baird Ann Hynes - Mizuho Securities
Operator: Good morning. My name is Toni, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the first quarter earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve Filton: Thank you. Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. And we welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services Results for the First Quarter ended March 31, 2017. During this call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements I recommend the careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended on December 31, 2016. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.12 for the quarter. After adjusting for the favorable impact from our January 1 adoption of ASU 2016-09, as discussed in our press release and the depreciation and amortization expense associated with the implementation of electronic health records, applications at our acute care hospitals, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $2.10 for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. On a same-facility basis in our acute care division, revenues increased 4.8% during the first quarter of 2017. The increase resulted primarily from a 5.1% increase in adjusted admissions, and a 0.4% decrease in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same-facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals decreased to 19.7% during the first quarter of 2017 from 21.1% during the first quarter of 2016. On a same-facility basis, revenues in our behavioral health division increased 1.4% during the first quarter of 2017. Adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 2.4%, and adjusted patient days increased 0.2% over the prior year first quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 1.1% during the first quarter of 2017 over the comparable prior year quarter. On a same-facility basis, operating margins for our behavioral health division increased to 25, excuse me, decreased to 25.6% during the quarter ended March 31, 2017 as compared to 27.5% during the comparable prior year period. Our cash provided by operating activities increased to approximately $483 million during the first quarter of 2017 as compared to $475 million in the first quarter of 2016. Our accounts receivable days outstanding declined slightly to 50 days during the first quarter of 2017 as compared to 51 days during the first quarter of last year. Our ratio of debt-to-total capitalization declined to 45.2% at March 31, 2017 as compared to 47.7% at December 31, 2016. We spent $144 million on capital expenditures during the first quarter of 2017. Alan and I would be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Joanna Gajuk: This is actually Joanna Gajuk filling in for Kevin today. So first on the psych business, if I may. So same-store revenue growth decelerated, right, to 1.4% from like a 2% growth, call it, from second half of '16, right? So there's probably a leap year impact there, right, which maybe the 100 basis points, is that right?
Steve Filton: Correct.
Joanna Gajuk: And then, was there also maybe some headwinds still from the exchange rates, right, because in the Q4, you said it was about 100 basis points. So was it also in that ballpark?
Steve Filton: Yes. I think it was a little bit lower, but yes, we have the same sort of directionally currency impact in the quarter.
Joanna Gajuk: Okay. So I guess if you adjust for those two things for the leap year and the exchange rate, so maybe your kind of say, core sort of same-store revenue growth was maybe 3%, 3.5%. So what I'm getting at, and the main question that I have here is last quarter you kind of talked about your expectations for that business to come back to a 5% call it, same-store revenue growth by the end of the year. So do you feel like in traction, you're getting towards the target, and how you're going to get there whether it's 3% or 3.5% kind of starting point for the year?
Steve Filton: Okay. Thanks, Joanna. Yes. So I think everything that you said is accurate, and I think for the most part, we feel like we're largely on track to continue to improve. I think we started to see improvement in our behavioral volumes and consequently, revenues in the back half of 2016. I think admission growth continued to improve into the first quarter, and we continue to adhere to our guidance, which is that we anticipate exiting 2017 at about a 5%, 5.5% same-store revenue growth rate in behavioral which would restore us to sort of where we were right around the middle of 2015 when we started to suffer from labor shortages, both physicians and nurses in a number of our hospitals.
Joanna Gajuk: Okay, that's good to know. And a follow-up to that was -- so the one thing I've noticed was for the same-store length of stay was actually down 2% year-over-year. And I guess it was somewhat stable in '16. I mean, prior to '16, you had multiple years of declines but I guess '16, it seemed like it was stabilizing. So is there something that you've noticed in Q1? Or is there some impact from the leap year effect here? How should we think about length of stay in terms of same-store, and how's that kind of impacted the adjusted patient days?
Steve Filton: Yes. So well, length of stay was down about 2% in the quarter as you note and that obviously has a muting impact on revenues because virtually, all of our reimbursement is on a per day or per diem basis in the behavioral business. The decline in length of stay was in our acute behavioral business. We're doing, I think some further analysis, but anecdotally, as I talked to the hospitals, it seemed like it seemed to be focused on the managed Medicaid portion of our business, but it wasn't really focused specifically on a particular payer or a particular geography or a particular hospital. It didn't strike me in the work that I did in reviewing it to be necessarily indicative of a continuing trend. And as you point out, length of stay has been relatively stable for well over a year now. So we'll see as we move forward, but, and I did notice that our public peer announced a similar decline in their U.S. length of stay during the quarter, and I don't know if they had any comments on it, but it seemed, we seem to have a similar dynamic.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman: Maybe can you update us on your JV pipeline with hospitals that you've talked about in order to attempt benefit from the changes to the IMD exclusion?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, what we've said before, Gary, I think is, remains largely true, and that is, we continue to have a large number of conversations with a variety of not-for-profit hospitals, largely not-for-profit, actually, some for-profit hospitals around the country about being able to joint venture with them in some way to help them run their behavioral operations. Some of those conversations have already been executed and acted upon. We had, as I think we've mentioned before, probably 7 or 8 existing arrangements that, quite frankly, have been existing for quite some time now. We announced a couple of new hospitals that we're building in conjunction with acute care systems last quarter or the quarter before that. And we continue to have significant number of conversations with other hospitals. We continue to believe that, that opportunity that we describe as acute care integration is probably our single biggest, at least domestically, the business development opportunity over the next several years. And we are very focused on it and devoting a significant amount of resources to it.
Gary Lieberman: So maybe, can you just update us on where you are in U.K. and the CMA review? And any remedies that you guys may expect to offer up?
Steve Filton: So we got the report from the CMA last Friday, late last Friday on the markets that they have expressed some concern about. The way the process works, is we have until this Friday to decide whether we want to offer a remedy, as they describe it, which would be the divestiture of certain facilities. We are, literally, as we speak, going through the process of cost-benefit analysis of whether we think offering a remedy is an appropriate solution or whether we would just rather go to a Phase II review, where we think we might have some fairly robust and valid arguments that might cause the CMA in Phase II to modify their position, and we have to see. If we offer remedies this Friday, the CMA has until May to respond to those remedies and decide whether they are in their minds adequate. And if they decide they're inadequate, we would also go to Phase II. So obviously, within a couple of days, we'll make an announcement of what we have chosen to do.
Gary Lieberman: I guess, maybe just to follow up on that. Have they said or have they told you how many actual facilities are under review? And if you do go to a Phase II review, is there any negative financial impact you've met?
Steve Filton: So there are basically, I think 5 individual markets that the CMA has identified as having some level of concern with. I think the answer to your question is if we go to a Phase II, we don't really believe that there's any material implication in the sense that, and I think we were clear about this when we announced the transaction, that because our presence in the UK is relatively small and the transaction itself is relatively small, there were no significant synergies to be realized by the combination of our existing business and the Cambian adult business. So any delay is not really costing us in terms of being able to achieve some measurable amount of synergies. So we'll make a judgment again about whether the costs of going through Phase II, how that compares to the benefit of potentially getting the CMA to modify their position.
Alan Miller: Also, were we to sell a facility or two facilities, there's a robust market in the UK And we would recoup whatever we sold the facilities for. So we have to see what that all means.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital.
Frank Morgan: Certainly, HCA and even then they actually called out commercial mix shift. Are you seeing anything like that in your acute business?
Steve Filton: Frank, I don't think so. We got some questions last night about the relatively flattish acute care revenue per admission and inquiries about whether that sort of implied some issues with payer mix. I think as we looked at our payer mix for the quarter, it seemed to be pretty consistent with what we've been running. And I would think that what is really sort of driving or the impetus behind that relatively flat revenue per admission are two things. One is simply mechanical and that is as we've talked about at some length, we opened our Henderson facility in the fourth quarter of last year in Las Vegas. As Alan mentioned on our year-end call, it's doing quite well. It's ramping up rather robustly, but obviously, its results and its revenues are in our non-same-store numbers to the degree that some of its business is coming from our existing facilities, and there's a cannibalization of some of our existing revenues in Vegas that's impairing or muting, I guess, a better word, our same-store revenues in the Vegas market. So there's a little bit of shift in my mind from same-store to non-same-store. And I think the other issue that we did see in the quarter was a bit of a decline in acuity. And again, nothing that I sort of view as worrisome or troubling in the sense that our surgical volumes were rather strong in the quarter. Surgeries were up 3% or 4% between in and outpatient. But our medical volumes were up even more, given the fact that our same-store adjusted admissions were up 5%, medical admissions were up even more. And the increase in medical admissions which tend to be lower acuity just skewed those revenue per admission numbers down a little bit. But I think that's more a function of a relatively robust admission numbers than anything else.
Frank Morgan: Got you. And on the ED, emergency department, ER volumes, what were those on the same-store basis?
Steve Filton: I think our ER volumes were up also, like 3% or 4% in the quarter.
Frank Morgan: Okay. Maybe, if I can, just on the behavioral side. I think you're acknowledging that you're going to see some growing momentum in census that started last year and carrying on. Could you give us any color on how that volume moved across the months of the quarter? Did you end, say, the third month of the quarter at a high note? Or was it flat? Any kind of color on the possibility of growing momentum in census?
Steve Filton: No. Other than what I said before, I mean, I think that stepping back from the quarter, and stepping all the way back to the back half of last year, I think beginning in Q3 of last year, we began to make some progress, particularly on this labor shortage issue. And I think our admission started to grow, albeit gradually and pretty incrementally, but we saw improvement in Q3, improvement in Q4, a little bit more improvement in Q1. Within the quarter, I wouldn't say there was any particular trajectory to point to, but again, over the last few quarters, I think that the trajectory has generally been incrementally positive, and we would hope that would continue through the balance of the year, and that certainly what our guidance is based on.
Frank Morgan: Got you. One last question. On the 5 markets identified by CMA, how many beds or how much revenue would those 5 markets represent? And I'll hop off.
Steve Filton: I'm not sure I know the answer to that question, Frank. I think what we're trying to, really more precisely, I think quantify is what other satisfactory remedy to the CMA would involve in terms of EBITDA that they would be asking us to divest. I'm not sure we certainly have a sense of what exactly that number is, but I would certainly make the argument that in terms of our consolidated EBITDA, it's a very minor number. We have a next question?
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Rigg: I got on a little late here. So hopefully this wasn't covered, but when I look at the behavioral segment, EBITDAR margin down roughly 200 basis points year-to-year. Obviously, there are several moving factors there, but you've got the leap year, you've got the FX, and then sort of the core staffing concerns that have been out there for a while. Can you sort of just maybe flesh out those 3 items, just to give us a sense for what sort of anomalous because of the calendar in FX versus sort of core pressure?
Steve Filton: I mean, I think the fundamental issue, Chris, and I think we've been pretty candid about this for a bit now, is that with same-store revenue growth of 1.5%, it is extremely difficult to have, I think in any sort of practical expectation of an expanding margin. We think we need to get to probably 3% or 4% same-store revenue growth to even begin to sort of have the possibility of expanding margins. And if we exit the year as our guidance suggests that we will at 5%, 5.5% revenue growth, then we believe, we will return to a model where we'd have expanding margins. But I think the reason that you see contracting margins currently is simply because our current revenue growth is not sufficient to support the increase in expenses. And I think we talked about this in the last quarter or 2, the current expense load does incorporate some investment in solving the labor shortage problem. Meaning, in wage increases in certain markets that we've had to make to be competitive as well as temporary use of, or use of temporary nurses and temporary physicians, so there's some amount of what I would call extra or excessive expense as well. So until we get that same-store revenue growth up to a somewhat higher level than we are today, I think we're going to be faced with these relatively stagnant or even declining margins.
Chris Rigg: Got you. And then on the labor issue, and I'm not even sure if this is the right way to think about it. But can you give us a sense do you think you sort of fixed the problem, are you 80% of the way to fixing the problem, 50%? I'm just trying to get a sense for where you think you are in terms of getting things completely under control and sort of back to normal inflationary trends.
Steve Filton: I get asked that question a lot, and it's a difficult one to answer because it sort of implies that it's kind of a fixed or static issue, and you can sort of measure, as you ask the question, you measure your sort of percentage of achievement. And the challenge really is that it's very fluid and I think we've made a lot of progress on hiring nurses and physicians and filling vacancies. We've worked hard to increase our retention rates and reduce our turnover rates, but they're constantly changing. I mean, literally, every quarter, we're hiring new nurses, and some are leaving. I sort of think about it as a process in which we take two steps forward and one step back. We make improvements, I would cite, Boston is a market that was maybe at one point in time, our number one more challenging market from a labor perspective. We've got multiple facilities in that market, and I think all of them are really running kind of back to normal levels with the exception of maybe one. But a couple of other markets have proven to be a little more problematic in the interim. So I think we're making net progress, and I think that net progress is reflected in that incrementally growing admission number. But it's hard to peg it as a sort of a percentage of achievement towards the ultimate goal. It's sort of a constant and continual process.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Piper Jaffray.
Sarah James: So in the past, you've kind of framed up where you are with the labor shortage in terms of bed closures. And in the past, I think you've talked about making good progress being maybe like a quarter or a third of the way there, and with the goal of reopening all of the closed beds by the end of the year. Do you still feel like that's a realistic goal? And are you any further down the line towards reopening beds?
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, I appreciate the question, Sarah. I think as I was saying to Chris, we absolutely have reopened a number of units where we had closed beds. We've uncapped census in a number of facilities where we had previously capped census. And I think again as I was addressing Chris, on a net basis, I think we have less closed beds or uncapped census today than we did six months ago or nine months ago. But to be fair, I think we still have some places where we are still suffering from a lack of clinicians, whether they'd be nurses or psychiatrists. And we continue to address those as we go forward, look, I'm a financial guy, who's very objective, and I just continue to point to the admission data as really the proof in the pudding here rather than any sort of labor metric that to me, the proof that we're making net progress is that our admissions are growing incrementally each quarter for the last three quarters.
Sarah James: Okay. Then a clarification on the length of stay. It sounded like you're indicating that this is an industry-wide trend for the behavioral health sector. I just wanted to clarify that there were no policy changes that impact how you evaluate the necessary length of stay, that this was more a factor that you did not I guess, direct.
Steve Filton: Yes. So just to be clear, I mean, I'm not sure that I was bold enough to suggest there was an industry-wide trend, simply to note that our peer in the behavioral industry who also reported publicly last night had a, what seemed like a similar decline in their U.S. length of stay. So I'm not sure that's the same as describing it as an industry trend, but no. In response to the second part of your question, as we did the analysis, it is not apparent to me, in any way that we are changing our policies. Length of stay, I think is largely a payer-driven issue. And sometimes when payers put additional pressure on us, it takes us a little bit, a little while to get our response in place, et cetera, or even realize that quite frankly, we're under pressure. So there may be some of that going off, but we haven't internally changed any of our policies.
Sarah James: Okay. And last question here is on the joint ventures. For the ones that you're kind of stepping into like a Baylor or Providence, their large systems, how do you think about the time line to when you can start to have those conversations about expanding system wide? How close are we to that step?
Steve Filton: Well, I think to some degree, we're already there. I mean, we have multiple arrangements with Baylor, and we have multiple arrangements with Providence. So I think that we've already demonstrated a level of expertise and competence that has given them confidence to do further deals with us, further joint ventures. There is no sort of prescribed time line in our arrangements or in our contracts. I think this is as you might expect with any sort of a vendor, the notion of gaining confidence from the company that you're serving, and hoping that in doing so, they'll allow you more opportunity and more responsibility. And again, I think we've demonstrated that in the case of both Baylor and Providence, and I think we'll, we hope to continue to do that with lots of other hospitals and hospital systems around the country.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice: Maybe a couple of questions, if I could. You've obviously seen a nice strength in the absolute admissions on the site side, and especially, given the leap year day in the first quarter. I wonder, as you've drilled down, obviously, there's been some adverse publicity around the site business -- are you seeing any impact at all from that, that you can discern of maybe the facilities that have already been discussed? Are they seeing any different trends than the ones that haven't? Just and any, is there any update in discussions with the regulatory authorities that's worth highlighting?
Steve Filton: So I think that, at your last question, A.J., there really is nothing substantive to report on a sort of a status update regarding the large government investigation. There's really nothing new there. As far as your other question about have we really seen an impact on the underlying business since then, I think the most recent negative publicity began in early December, I think we've said a number of times, we've said it on the year-end call, and I'll just reiterate it today, I think the answer to that is no. We really see no response from our referral sources of any measurable note. We've seen no response from our own clinicians and a change in their behavior. Honestly, the single biggest reaction, external reaction that we've gotten to that and to the media reporting has been from the investor community, not from clinicians themselves. I think clinicians have tended to discount that reporting as being largely anecdotal and not an accurate depiction of what it is really like to run a behavioral hospital in the U.S. So no, I mean the short answer to your question is no. And again, I'm just going to go back and say Q1 is the first full quarter we had since these articles started to appear, and our admission growth actually ticked up in the quarter.
A.J. Rice: Right, right. Then maybe I could ask you about capital deployment. You guys just standout that your debt-to-EBITDA is approaching two, I guess, now the lowest by -- well range in the industry. You made an opportunistic buy of some shares in the fourth quarter, you slowed it down a bit in the first quarter. Is this approach on share repurchase really to try to look for the opportunistic situations like you had in the fourth quarter? Or you think we'll see a pickup in that? And maybe as an alternative deployment of capital for de novo projects or for acquisitions, what are you all seeing out there?
Steve Filton: Look, I'd make the one comment, being that the first quarter is the most difficult sort of the mechanical quarter for us to be a repurchaser of shares. We literally have about a two week window during the quarter where we are not in a quiet period, and just the first couple of weeks of March, and sometimes it's a little bit awkward to manage through that. Look, I think we continue to believe that we're very bullish about the prospects of the company's future earnings potential in both divisions and as a consequence, I think that we view share repurchase as an attractive use of capital deployment. And I think we'll continue to be an active purchaser of our own shares throughout 2017, as I think we represented we would be as well as continue to investigate other potential acquisition and deployment opportunities because I think our capital structure is such that we have a lot of flexibility to do both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: I'm going to follow up on A.J.'s question for the second time this morning. I'd love to hear Alan, just your view, big picture on capital deployment. You've created, Alan, a lot of value for shareholders over time. And a big part of that in my mind, I've been covering the stock for pushing 20 years now, is how disciplined and thoughtful you've been on capital deployment, whether it was the original site facility buys, the PSY deal, and also, aggressively buying back your stock, even going as far as doing big ASRs and levering up to do them. So with 2 times leverage and a free cash flow, this 6%, 7%, probably the biggest question I get is how you deploy capital from here? So can you give us kind of your updated kind of state view of the world on capital deployment and M&A and share repurchase? I'd really love to hear it.
Alan Miller: I think that I'll reiterate that we are opportunistic. We've been in a fortunate position that we've been consistent with earnings, and we certainly have a big bank line and all the capital that we would need in the foreseeable future. So whatever is opportunistic for us, we take advantage of. Steve talked about difficulty in buying our shares in the first quarter. We think our shares, and I think the Street usually thinks that they're good values just not undervalue, but we're always looking at deployment of our capital, where we think we can do well with it. We're very excited about the 2 new hospitals that we built in acute care. We're excited about our acquisition in the U.K. our latest acquisition. We've got to work our way through it, obviously. But we're excited about all of those. So depending on what appears to us opportunistically in good returns, that's what we follow. So just to reiterate, we can buy stock, we can buy a company or a small company. We can build a hospital or a number of hospitals. So we have all of those avenues open to us.
Justin Lake: And Alan, can you just tell us what, do you see a robust M&A pipeline? I mean, the, obviously you've done some of those site deals that are certainly interesting, but you generate so much cash that the, I think people are somewhat surprised that you're paying down debt at these leverage levels rather than buying back more stock. I mean, are there mechanical ways to accelerate share repurchases whether it's an ASR or whatever, so that you don't run into these mechanical issues? And maybe that is just you're seeing a big M&A pipeline. So if you just follow up with that, that would be really helpful.
Alan Miller: I think there are all of those. I think we would like to buy shares. There is an M&A pipeline. We're very excited about the Cambian Adult business that we bought. Cambian was offered, as you may know, for the last few years, a whole company, which we weren't interested in, so we opportunistically bought the business that is profitable. We're very excited about that. We're excited about opening the hospital in Henderson. We like our shares. I don't know what else to say other than we look at all of these things.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Ana Gupte: The first question I had was on acute, on bad debt, and I apologize if someone asked this. It did pick up, and you guys have all had a pretty solid 2016. So is this about exchange attrition or something else that's going on or just one-offs?
Steve Filton: So I'm sure people who listen to our calls regularly feel like I sound like a broken record on this issue. I always make the point that we never look at bad debt expense in isolation, that we only look at uncompensated care in total, which is bad debt and charity care and uninsured discount. And we also look at it as a percentage of gross revenue because it is impacted by our gross pricing, uncompensated care, the nature of our accounting will always be that it will increase at a minimum by the amount that we increase our gross pricing. And when we look at our 2017 Q1 uncompensated care in total as a percentage of gross revenue, it is exactly flat with the first quarter of 2016. So while I can see that bad debt expense increased significantly, I think that the total amount of uncompensated care really has not changed in a measurable way between Q1 of '17 and Q1 of '16.
Ana Gupte: Okay. So nothing, no trends outside of the accounting for it. Nothing that you're seeing that should change the uncompensated care on a go-forward basis for '17?
Steve Filton: No. Look, I think we have acknowledged, probably since the middle of 2015 that, after a year and half, beginning in the beginning of '14 of uncompensated volumes declining fairly dramatically, that beginning in 2015, they started to creep back up for I think some of the reasons that you alluded to, Ana, which is that, first of all, I think that the benefit, the significant benefit from the Affordable Care Act leveled off. I think there was some disenrollment in the exchanges as premiums went up. I think some people got the care that they were looking for, and maybe disenrolled from the exchanges as a result of that. But I think that trend has been fairly steady. We don't see it necessarily accelerating. We believe we've incorporated it in the net revenue guidance that we give, so when we talk about acute care net revenue going up 6%, or anticipated going up 6% in 2017, that already presumes a slight and continued uptick in uncompensated care. But no, I don't think we're seeing any changes that we did not anticipate.
Ana Gupte: Okay. Then moving on to behavioral. The slide say the length of stay declined, I think the question has been asked about that the revenue per patient day and the mix shifting to Medicaid, I'm assuming, is a piece of it. How much pressure are you seeing, if any, on commercial contracting in a downward? And should we think about that as it's going to be flat going forward?
Steve Filton: So I think we have talked about pricing, sustainable pricing in the behavioral division to be in the kind of 1% to 2% range. So when we talk about hoping to exit the year at 5%, 5.5% volume growth in behavioral, which is sort of getting us back to where we were before the labor shortage began, we're really thinking of that being composed of 3% to 4% volume and 1% to 2% price. If you look at our pricing for the quarter, our revenue per patient day, per adjusted patient day is right in that 1.5% range, particularly if you adjust for the currency fluctuation. So I think from a pricing perspective, we've been where we think we're going to be and we were in the first quarter. So I think on the behavioral side, the outstanding variable remains volume. And what will be required for us to get from where we are today to where we hope to be at the end of the year is an increase in volume.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You have a follow-up from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice: I thought that maybe I just come back. Any comments that you guys would care to make on what's happening down, and watching with the ACA repeal and replace, where you see that? I know, Alan, you follow pretty closely. Second, I know you've gotten a way from talking about your exposure, but I think it's relatively modest you perceive to some of the changes that are being made, but any updated thoughts on -- of the acute and behavioral and what your exposure might be to some changes? And then I guess, the third aspect to this question is the administration. The new administration clearly is asking for people to give them insights on what regulatory changes they might like to see. And it has been instructed in healthcare, there just doesn't seem to be that much, that healthcare providers or payers are bringing forward, at least overtly. And I wondered if there was anything that would be on a wish list that you guys might put in front of the administration in terms of regulatory changes that would be helpful.
Alan Miller: A.J., we got some information this morning, but I don't know what you could make of it. I don't think we're going to see anything in the short run. I mean, the House, the 2 sides of the Republicans in the House have been talking to each other. And this morning we saw a couple of changes, but they haven't come up with a consistent plan to be voted on, and then after that, it has to go to the Senate. So I don't think we're going to be looking at anything in the short term. I really don't. And I'm familiar with all the different changes that they've been talking about, but I don't think it makes sense to get all concerned about it. They're trying to, a lot of different things, they're trying to keep the insurers in line, and there's a lot of ways to do it, subsidy. We did go through this in great detail, but I don't think it's worthwhile. The bottom line is, I don't think we're going to see anything in the short term. I don't think they'll even get to a vote because they learned that it doesn't make sense to bring it up to a vote if you don't have the votes. I think Ryan is learning about how these guys, how it should work. What was your other question? Also, just give me a call, A.J.
Steve Filton: So A.J., I mean, you asked about our exposure. I mean, and look, I think the point that we made when repeal and replace was being discussed, was that we really have said fairly consistently from the outset that our behavioral business has benefited very little from the Affordable Care Act, and therefore, to the degree that it is scaled back. We don't think the behavioral business would be impacted much. I got into a lot of questions a few weeks ago when the Republicans first floated this idea of getting rid of the essential health benefit, and I'd made the point that I don't think again that our behavioral business has benefited a great deal from the essential health benefit. I think that the real benefit to the behavioral business from a benefits perspective was when mental health parity passed, legislation passed several years ago. And that's really what I think has increased and made more robust behavioral coverage around the country. And I think as long as mental health parity remains in place, and to the best of my knowledge, there is no conversation in any corner of the legislative activity that suggested that is in any way, is being tinkered with. I think that we should be in pretty good shape there. Your last question, I think about the industry suggesting regulatory changes, first of all, I think we would largely do that through our industry organization. But I think the second part of that is maybe why our lobbying organization has been not quite so aggressive about that is because they're really fighting the, what I think the big battle is at the moment, which is ACA repeal. And I think that's occupying their attention.
Alan Miller: Yes. The point that Steve made just bring us back to the point I was making earlier about all the changes. I mean, essential benefits, they've been arguing about it. So what they came up with was, it seems to me a very lenient way for all the states to get exceptions. So what do you have? Depends on what states, one which, have exceptions based on what? Of the essential benefits. So you really don't, we don't have anything to really comment on that I think that's worthwhile at the moment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe: I hopped on late, so apologies if this was already addressed. But can you give a sense of same-facility EBITDA? And maybe what that was down year-over-year kind of on a dollar basis? And if you can give the contribution of maybe non-same facility, that would be helpful.
Steve Filton: So I think on the acute side, Ralph, same-facility EBITDA was down like 2%. And I would make the point that I think that was very much within our expectations. We were asked maybe even by you directly on the Q4 call whether it was possible that acute care EBITDA could be down in Q1, given how robust the numbers from Q1 of '16 were. And I think we said that not only was it possible, but I think we thought it was likely. So same-store EBITDA was I think down 2% in the acute. I think full non-same-store EBITDA was actually up 2%, and that's largely I think the Henderson impact that I discussed before. On the behavioral side, I think same-store EBITDA was down like 5% on the behavioral side.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. All right, that's helpful. And then anything on the health plan business? Is that something you're still testing? Do you want to grow it? How's performance been? Just any thoughts there.
Steve Filton: Yes. I think we have said fairly candidly that the health care business in its first couple of years has been a drag on our acute care results and margins, but that we thought 2017 was an important transition year in which we would really minimize that drag. And I think, at least in the first quarter, that was the case, I think we had a few million dollars of losses, but nothing that I think materially impacted the numbers. And we would certainly expect that trend to continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with Robert Baird.
Whit Mayo: I might just sneak one in here. Just looking for an update on foundations, and then maybe how that is trending versus your expectations. And do you think about getting much larger in the addiction space going forward?
Steve Filton: Yes. Whit, when we bought foundations, I think we acknowledged that it was sort of a transition period for the addiction treatment business largely moving from sort of an out-of-network model to an in-network model. And one of the attractions to us of the foundation itself was that it sort of had a blend of business, and therefore, we thought could and would make that transition more easily than another company that was really more exclusively reliant on the added network model. I think in the short period that we've owned them, they are going through that transition, and there's some temporary disruption. And we're working our way through that. I think we feel like over the long run, the demand, especially for addiction treatment services, is doing nothing but increase. And we still think it's a smart thing to have a significant presence in that business. And so we continue to focus on working our way through transition in the model by being able to take advantage of that demand as it grows.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Hynes with Mizuho Securities.
Ann Hynes: I'm getting back to Washington since Trump is introducing his tax plan today, and based on our analysis, any change in the statutory rate is very good for Universal. With that potential change in capital allocation plans, any, maybe an increase of dividend or anything like that?
Steve Filton: So Ann, I mean, I think we would concur with your 20,000-foot analysis, which is that likely, almost any reform and reduction in the corporate tax rate would benefit a company like ours, which is basically a statutory rate taxpayer. But I think we're still so far away from any relevant details or being able to really calculate what the impact would be. It would be sort of wildly premature for us to say that we're going to take this windfall and reinvest it in a particular way that I think we're a long way away from that. But we'd certainly concur with the notion that if the Trump administration is able to advance tax reform, and I mean, incorporate tax reform in a meaningful way, we should be a beneficiary on that.
Ann Hynes: Okay, great. And on the de novo facilities, this seems to be a very successful strategy for you. Is there any other markets that you currently operate in that you see more de novo facilities?
Steve Filton: Sure. I mean, in the, I think if you look at our history, one of our most significant strategies has been enhancing our existing franchises, and we've built new hospitals in any number of our existing markets. We've built 3 new hospitals in the Vegas market, and with the Henderson, that's actually the fourth new hospital that we've opened in the last 10 years or 12 years. We've opened the new hospital in Riverside County, California. And I'm not going to get into details because I think we have for certain competitive reasons, we like to keep our strategies sort of close to the vest. But we are certainly looking at other markets where expansion would make sense to us, where we have a strong franchise currently, and have desire to take advantage of a continuing growth in the market and strengthening our franchise in those markets. But yes, absolutely, that's a continued focus and likely a continuing strategy of ours.
Operator: And there seem to be no further questions at this time.
Steve Filton: Okay. Well, we'd like to thank everybody for their time and look forward to talking with everyone next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-03-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Filton - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Justin Lake - Wolfe Research A.J. Rice - UBS Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital Paula Torch - Avondale Partners Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to today's fourth quarter earnings call. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Filton. Sir, you may begin.
Steve Filton: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. We welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services' results for the full year and fourth quarter ending December 31, 2016. During the call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the Company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $7.14 for the year and $1.78 for the quarter. After adjusting each period for the incentive income and expenses associated with the implementation of electronic health report applications at our acute care hospitals, as disclosed on the supplemental schedule included with last night's earnings release, adjusted net income attributable to UHS increased to $176 million or $1.80 per diluted share for the quarter ended December 31, 2016 as compared to $170.7 million or $1.71 per diluted share during the fourth quarter of 2015. On a same-facility basis in our acute care division, revenues decreased 9.3% during the fourth quarter of 2016. Adjusted admissions increased 4.7% while revenue per adjusted admission increased 2.6%. On a same-facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals decreased to 16.5% during the fourth quarter of 2016 as compared to 17.2% during the fourth quarter of 2015. On a same-facility basis revenues in our behavioral health division increased 2.2% during the fourth quarter of 2016. Adjusted admissions and adjusted patient days to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 2.1% and 1.4%, respectively, during the fourth quarter of 2016. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 0.5% during the fourth quarter of 2016 over the comparable prior-year quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year were 26.0% and 26.8% during the quarters ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our cash generated from operating activities was $1.288 billion during 2016 as compared to $1.021 billion during 2015. Contributing to the increase is a $200 million favorable change in working capital accounts experienced during 2016 as compared to 2015 resulting from the timing of disbursements. Our accounts receivable days outstanding remained unchanged at 52 days during each of the fourth quarters of 2016 and 2015. At December 31, 2016 our ratio of debt to total capitalization was approximately 48%. We spent $124 million on capital expenditures during the fourth quarter of 2016 and $520 million during the full year of 2016. In 2016 we completed and opened 221 new acute care beds including 130 beds at our newest acute care facility, Henderson Hospital in Henderson, Nevada and 437 new behavioral health beds, including two de novo facilities. During 2016 we expect to spend approximately $475 million to $500 million on capital expenditures which includes expenditures to capital equipment, renovations, new projects at existing hospitals and construction of new facilities. As previously announced, at the end of 2016 we completed the acquisition of Cambian Group, PLC's adult services division consisting of 79 inpatient and 2 outpatient behavioral health facilities located in the United Kingdom. Working in conjunction with our existing behavioral facilities located in the UK we believe these newly acquired facilities will ensure that we're well positioned to serve patients, customers and communities with a broad range of innovative treatment services and products. In conjunction with our share repurchase program that commenced during the third quarter of 2014 during the fourth quarter of 2016 we repurchased 475,000 shares of our stock at a cost of approximately $52 million or $109 per share. Since inception of the program through December 31, 2016 we have repurchased approximately 4.39 million shares at an aggregate price of approximately $514 million or $117 per share. $286 million remained on this previous share repurchase authorization at the end of 2016. Our estimated range of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for the year ended December 31, 2017 is $1.746 billion to $1.821 billion, representing an increase of approximately 5% to 10% over the $1.653 billion of EBITDA generated during 2016. Our estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2017 is $7.70 to $8.20 per diluted share. This guidance range excludes the unfavorable $0.15 per diluted share of EHR impact expected during 2017 as well as the impact on our provision for income taxes and net income attributable to UHS resulting from our January 1 adoption of ASU 2016-09, as mentioned in our press release. This adjusted EPS guidance range represents an increase of approximately 5% to 12% over the adjusted net income attributable to UHS of $7.32 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2016 as calculated on the supplemental schedule included in last night's press release. During 2017 our net revenues are estimated to be approximately $10.62 billion to $10.76 billion, representing an increase of approximately 9% to 10% over our 2016 net revenues. Alan and I will be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: First question just in terms of the behavioral business, I wanted to see if you can talk about whether there's been any impact to behavioral operations post the BuzzFeed article. And if you could talk to - I know it came out in December - potentially even January and February and what you have seen year to date here, Steve, that would be great. And also any change in the level of activity on the investigation post that article, as well.
Steve Filton: Sure. When the BuzzFeed article came out which was in early December, we obviously speculated at the time and anticipated that we did not believe the article would have much, if any, impact on our underlying behavioral operations, on demand, on our referral sources, on the behavior of our clinicians, et cetera. Unfortunately we went into our quiet period about a week after the article so we didn't really comment with any great specificity after that. So, it's with a measure of relief that I'm happy to say that with the passage now of several months that all that we represented at the time really seems to be valid and verifiable, that there's been little impact on our underlying business. I think you see that in our Q4 volumes which incrementally improved during the quarter and continued to get a little bit better with each passing quarter. And I think we can say that in January and February that improvement continued. So, again, from an underlying operational perspective, we see no material evidence that the BuzzFeed article has had an impact on us. In terms of the investigation, we filed our 100K last night and if you read the legal disclosure section you'll see that there's really no change to the disclosure there which I think is an indication that our conversations with the government and the activity with the government has also not changed, at least in any way that's apparent to us, in any measurable way since the BuzzFeed article came out.
Justin Lake: And if I could just ask a follow up on behavioral, the EBITDA guidance that you've given for the year, can you talk about what you'd expect in terms of - I know you don't give quarterly guidance - but how you see the ramp in both behavioral volumes for the year and behavioral EBITDA growth for the year and what you think EBITDA growth in total would be for behavioral organically and M&A? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Sure. What we have talked about, quite frankly, for some time now is that beginning in the middle of 2015, really with the third quarter of 2015, our behavioral revenues and volumes became more muted and we largely attributed that moderation to difficulties in finding an adequate number of clinicians, mostly nurses but to some degrees psychiatrists and mental health technicians, in certain markets to service the demand and the patients who were requesting services at our facilities. We've been working on that issue ever since and have and have said that we believe in the back half of 2016 that we're beginning to make some incremental progress and that our expectation was that by the time we got to the end of 2017, we would be back to what we consider a normalized run rate which would be something like 5% or 5.5% revenue growth and 6% or 7% EBITDA growth. I think if you look at the cadence of how we expect that recovery to continue, I think it's what creates, in large part, the range of our guidance for next year. So, I would say the midpoint of our range for next year assumes that that recovery in our behavioral revenues and volumes takes place rather ratably over the course of the year. The low end of the range would suggest it takes place a little more slowly and I think the high end of the range would suggest it takes place a little more quickly than that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of A.J, Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice: Just maybe to follow up on the guidance a little further, can you just maybe give us some flavor for how your assumptions relate on the acute care side and also any commentary on your capital deployment assumptions? I know you were buying back stock in the fourth quarter. Are you assuming that continues this year?
Steve Filton: Again, I think that our acute care guidance for next year is really something we've been talking about for some time and that is, while we're extremely pleased with our robust acute care volumes and revenue care growth in 2016, we acknowledge that they are industry-leading numbers and, frankly, industry-leading numbers by quite a large margin. And obviously certainly we're going to try and stem those numbers as much as we can but, realistically, feel like some moderation is likely. The guidance for next year presumes that acute care same-store revenue growth moderates to something in the neighborhood of 6% next year and that that would translate to 7% or 8% EBITDA growth. And while you didn't ask this and while we don't normally give quarterly guidance, I will mention that, as people look at their quarterly models, they should just keep in mind that, particularly in Q1, our comparisons for 2016 are very difficult on the acute care side. So, I would, again, suggest to people that that's something you keep in mind as you think about the cadence for next year. As far as capital deployment goes, historically, our convention has been to simply reflect in our guidance the share repurchases we've made already at the time of our guidance but then not assume any further share repurchases and a just really assume that all of our free cash flow goes toward the repayment of debt which, in our case, would be the repayment of relatively low-cost debt. So, from a guidance perspective, it's a fairly conservative position to take, but consistent with what we've historically done.
A.J. Rice: And just maybe a follow-up - I know the last two quarters you talked about the fact that the IMD exclusion has given rise to a number of discussions with acute care guys that have units and are either looking to potentially have you managed, outsource, even acquire assets. Can you just comment on what that looks like? Is the acquisition pipeline in behavioral in particular stepped up in any way? Maybe some flavor on that.
Steve Filton: Sure. So, I would note this - in the fourth quarter of 2016, our overall Medicaid volumes have grown by about 3.5%, our overall rotation days, compared to the 1.5% divisional-wide growth. So, our Medicaid volumes are growing faster than our overall volumes. It is impossible for us to attribute that directly to the impacts of the IMD exclusion being lifted, et cetera, but it seems to be consistent with the idea that we'd be getting some benefit from that. At the same time, and I don't think the two are absolutely directly related, but, as you suggest, we have talked a great deal of the last few quarters about the fact that we are having much more frequent conversations with acute care hospitals about, in some way, penetrating and sharing in the economics of their behavioral health facilities. And we probably have about a half a dozen arrangements that we've had a place for some time representing executed transactions already reflecting that. Those numbers are already embedded in our same-store results. I think we concluded that there was no point in trying to extract them or really call them out separately. As we move forward, I think we will identify these new arrangements separately and talk about EBITDA impact, et cetera. We announced in the third quarter, for instance, two joint ventures to build new behavioral freestanding facilities with acute care hospitals, one in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and one in Spokane, Washington. Neither of those will have an impact in 2017. They will both open in 2018 so they don't really have an impact on guidance but it's something we continue to work on. And then we probably have about a dozen other conversations that I would describe as likely resulting in some sort of arrangement but still a little too early to discuss them with any level of specificity. And then, quite frankly, a number of other conversations that are at much more preliminary levels or preliminary stages. So, we continue to view the opportunity to penetrate or integrate the behavioral units within these acute care hospitals as a tremendous development opportunity for us, not just in the next year or two but, frankly, for the intermediate and long term. And we will continue to report on those as we do then. But other than the about half a dozen that, I think, as I said, are already embedded in our same-store numbers, I don't think those conversations and those new arrangements are likely to have a material impact in 2017.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Barclays.
Josh Raskin: First question, Steve, for you, just on the outpatient environment, the competitive environment, and what you're seeing in your markets. Are you seeing any additional competition from freestanding EDs or surgery centers or even urgent care centers? I'm just curious what your reaction is on the acute care side?
Steve Filton: I know that a number of our acute care peers have talked about that dynamic of increased outpatient competition from all the sources that you mentioned - freestanding EDs, ambulatory surgery centers, et cetera. And certainly we have noticed and continue to feel the same dynamics. Now, I will say that it appears, if you look just look at the relationship between our admissions and adjusted admissions, that we haven't had the negative impact on our outpatient revenue that at least some of our peers have had. I don't necessarily have any real explanation for that other than it may well be that in some of our more mid-sized urban or suburban markets that outpatient pressure is not quite as severe as it is in some of these really large urban markets. That's really mostly speculation on my part. It does look, as you compare our outpatient numbers to our peers, that our outpatient volumes are holding up a little bit better, although certainly we feel the same pressures from these niche outpatient providers that our peers report, as well.
Josh Raskin: And do you see that, Steve, in, think of, bigger market - Vegas or DC - versus McAllen, or something like that? Are you seeing that urban versus suburban differential?
Steve Filton: Honestly, Josh, I almost have the view that in markets like McAllen and Las Vegas, that outpatient push occurred even earlier. Those happen to be two very, what I would describe as entrepreneurial from a physician perspective, market. So, while something like freestanding EDs are a relatively new development and concept, things like physician-owned surgery centers and even a physician-owned hospital, when it comes to the McAllen market, are things that we have been dealing with for years and years. So, I also think that maybe one of the issues is that, again, in some of our larger markets, we are maybe a little bit further along on that outpatient competition curve and so the comparisons don't look as difficult for us.
Josh Raskin: And then just a quick question on the guidance, you guys added EBITDA this year, and I'm just curious - was that more just helpful for modeling purposes or are you guys thinking about management from a different perspective, EBITDA more of an emphasis than EPS, or any internal management change around metrics?
Steve Filton: No, it's really just a function of giving people what they want. I've been asked by investors for a couple of years to include more detailed information, particularly about EBITDA, in the guidance. So, we thought it would just be useful progress.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paula Torch with Avondale Partners.
Paula Torch: I wanted to start my first question with maybe the ACA and talking about behavioral volumes. I know that you said it's hard to parse it out. It's certainly hard for the Street to parse it out. So, I was just wondering, do you have any systems in place to help you track where admissions are coming from? How much of a benefit do you think that the ACA has actually been to your behavioral business? And in your opinion, do you think repeal-replace would do away with essential health benefits for mental health or substance abuse? And anything that you're hearing out of Washington? Our feeling is that this space is pretty immune. I just want to know from your perspective how immune do you think this segment really is?
Steve Filton: Paula, I think what we have said up to now is that our view is that the Affordable Care Act has had relatively minimal impact on our behavioral business. The biggest impact we think it's had on our acute business has been on the Medicaid expansion side of it. And on the behavioral side, because most of those new Medicaid expansion patients are adult patients, and because the IMD exclusion has precluded those people from being treated in most freestanding behavioral facilities, that really wasn't a benefit for us. And on the commercial exchange side, because so many of those plans were high deductible plans, and because behavioral bills tend to be much smaller, we felt that, besides the anecdotal patient here or there or the incidental patient here or there, there really has not been a pervasive positive impact on our behavioral facilities that there has been on the acute facilities. As far as what the prospects are going forward, as you suggest, speculating how modifications to the ACA are going to deal with the essential health benefit piece of it is very hard to say at this point. While there's been tons of talk about repeal and replace, or repeal and repair, or whatever, there's very little agreement on any details because. The President suggested just a couple of days ago, this is a very complicated subject, and I think everybody's realizing that. So, I think it would be difficult to speculate how we'd be impacted, although I think we share the view that you articulated, Paula, which is that we believe that behavioral care and behavioral treatment in general is viewed positively at both the federal and state levels at the moment, and that it is not a segment or space that is under a lot of scrutiny or pressure. So, just our general expectations are that it will be treated favorably however the details are worked out progress
Paula Torch: And then if I could just move quickly to the UK, I know the CMA is conducting a phase 1 investigation of your Cambian acquisition. I know that this is small in terms of your total business as well as your behavioral business, but I just wonder how those discussions with the CMA are going, if you started to identify any assets that you might possibly need to divest in order to satisfy their findings. And maybe it's too early but could you give us a sense of timing there and what kind of synergies you might be able to get from this acquisition?
Steve Filton: Starting backwards, we never imagined that there would be significant synergies from this transaction. As you articulated, Paula, our existing footprint pre-Cambian in the UK was relatively small. So, there was not a great deal of overhead to be ultimately synergized, if you will, between the new Cambian business and our existing business, maybe ultimately $1 million or $2 million of ultimate savings. And we certainly haven't even included that in our guidance, or the assumption of that in our guidance. We certainly did our own due diligence before the transaction with trade restraint attorneys in the UK and had them look at the geographic overlap of the businesses we were acquiring and those that we already had, and generally concluded that we thought there was relatively minimal overlap and risk of CMA issues. But of course we won't know that until the CMA does there work. We have been providing information to the CMA almost from, I think even the time that we announced the transaction. They, of course, just announced this past week or last week that they were beginning their formal process. We don't really have a lot of feedback from them. We view this at the moment as just part of their routine exercise. As they communicate with us, we'll keep folks updated, but at the moment it's really impossible for us to know what direction and with what rigor and scrutiny they're going to approach this.
Paula Torch: Okay And then I just have one more follow-up, if I could. On the behavioral pricing, it was a little bit weaker, certainly sequentially. Was that just a function of tougher comps? Or maybe there's any color you can give us on pricing?
Steve Filton: I think the one nuance is that our year-over-year UK pricing, even though as you again articulated is a relatively small component of our business, the pound declined in value about 22% from the fourth quarter of 2015 to 2016. And that dramatic decline, even on our relatively small UK business, was enough to drive that same-store pricing metric down about 100 basis points. So, when you adjust for the currency fluctuation, we're at about 1.5% price increase, which is pretty consistent with what we've been running, and pretty consistent with what we, frankly, expect is a sustainable number.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin Fischbeck: I just wanted to go back to the improvement that you expect in the behavioral business because, as you mentioned, this has been going on since Q3 of 2015. I think at that time the initial thought was that once we comp against that in the back half of 2016 we'd be seeing acceleration, and it hasn't come back as quickly as we would have thought. Do you have any data around what's driving the sequential improvement as time goes on? Is there something that you're looking at from a workforce addition perspective, that you're onboarding nurses at some pace over the next few quarters that gives you visibility that this is going to happen? Or is it more about comp against easy numbers? Can you just provide a little more color as to why you're confident?
Steve Filton: Sure. I think from the outset, based on our previous experience, I can think in my 30-plus years with the Company of maybe two or three other nursing shortages, relatively severe nursing shortages, that I have been through, mostly, honestly, on the acute side. They tend to, I think, have a life cycle to them because I think the market, as markets generally do, tend to correct themselves. So, as a nurse shortage becomes apparent and nurse wages and demand for nursing hours increases, the market responds in a macro way by more and more people enrolling in nursing school, by part-time nurses working extra shifts, by retired nurses coming out of retirement and working an extra shift here or there. There's a natural increase in the supply of nursing hours. Now, that takes some time, and I think historically has taken 18 to 24 months. So, if you peg the beginning of this shortage as right around the middle of 2015, we're just about at the 18-month mark with the end of 2016. So from a macro perspective, there's some of that, just expectation that the market itself and the macro environment will begin to improve beginning in 2017. Certainly as a Company, we have not been just sitting on our hands waiting for that to happen and we've been aggressively implementing our own initiatives to increase our recruitment activities and our recruitment focus and our recruitment infrastructure and our internet application process, and a million other things, as well as trying to focus on better retention policies for the nurses we do hire. That's been an enormous focus of ours, as well, so that once we hire nurses, making sure that we have mentoring programs and educational opportunities and career advancement incentives all in place so that we keep the nurses who we to hire. Now, all that, to be fair, is relatively generic, et cetera. I think what ultimately gives us confidence is that over the last couple of quarters, we clearly see the amount of nurse vacancies being reduced and a lot of those vacancies being filled. We see a number of the units that we have closed or in facilities where we've capped the census or limited the census. We've seen those caps either reduced or lifted. Now, what we do think Q3, and what we said we expect it to continue into Q4, is that there is this transition period, that as we hire new nurses there is some increased expense as we begin to pay them their salaries, but they are going through orientation, they're going through training. Frankly, one of the tactics that we've had to adopt in some cases is hiring less experienced nurses, more nurses who are directly out of nursing school so they require, frankly, more training, more orientation, which just elongates the period of time it takes. But it's really that visibility that we have, Kevin, into how many vacancies are open, how many beds we been able to re-open they gives us the confidence that, as we've been talking all along, will really begin to make some traction in 2017 in building those volumes back up to the pre-Q3 2015 levels.
Kevin Fischbeck: Based upon that last comment, though, about the timing of costs and everything, does that mean that from an EBITDA growth perspective you would expect EBITDA growth to obviously follow a similar pattern but maybe even more so because at the beginning you're going to have more costs and less revenue, and then by the end the costs stay the same but the revenue accelerates? Or, how do you think about the margin improvement as the year goes on?
Steve Filton: I think about it in a couple ways. I think that what we experienced in Q3 and, to some degree, continue to experience in Q4 is some, what I would describe as, duplicate costs, meaning we're paying these nurses, and we have that expense but they're not yet really productive. That is, they're not on the floors treating patients or they're not on the floors treating what we would describe as a normal or average workload of patients as we bring them incrementally into the system. Obviously at some point we will get past that incremental investment and this new expense, et cetera, and I think that will begin to occur in the first quarter of 2017. I DO think there is an ongoing level of increased expense. We've had to raise wage rates in a number of markets. We're using temporary nurses in markets at an added cost. And we've added temporary psychiatrists, quite frankly, in some markets that we haven't had to do in a long time. And I think the way we've reflected that is, we've talked about exiting 2017 with something like 5% behavioral revenue growth and 6% or 7% EBITDA growth. If we were having this conversation two years ago, I would have probably suggested at that time that 5% revenue growth translates to maybe 8% or 9% EBITDA growth. The moderation, I think, in the EBITDA growth assumptions is a reflection that some of this wage pressure and wage increase is more permanent in nature and something that we're going to have to deal with on a more permanent basis. So, I think about it, again, in some ways, as some of these costs are temporary, some are more permanent. But I think we've reflected all that in our guidance for next year and in the assumed and projected ramp-up in our earnings and revenue growth for next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Ana Gupte: I wanted to go back to the acute side. Can you just remind me, firstly, why the margins compressed again by 80 basis points year over year in 2016 relative to 2015? And how should we think about the puts and takes around wages and staffing and pricing and contracting and just normalized margins into 2017 and beyond?
Steve Filton: Again, I don't think there is anything terribly new in Q4 in terms of the dynamics we've been discussing. Obviously, our volume and revenue growth on the acute side has been rather robust for a while now. But we've seen choppy performance in the resulting EBITDA, and not necessarily the pull-through on margins that we would normally expect. I think the biggest reason for that is, again, the labor shortage and the pressure on nurse wage rates that we've experienced on the acute side. We've said all along that I think the labor shortage has manifested itself in the two divisions in different ways. On the acute side, I think the labor shortage has manifested itself mostly through higher use of premium pay, overtime for our own nurses, and the use of temporary or registry nurses. And, by the way, I think it's related to our strong top line. One of the reasons why I think we're experiencing more labor pressure than some of our peers is because our end-market economies are improving faster, unemployment is dropping quickly. There are more labor shortages in our markets, I think, than in some of our peers' markets. That's why, quite frankly, our demand is growing so much. But at the same time there is this offsetting dynamic of higher pressure on wages. I think our expectation next year is that we will see some stabilization both, again, at a macro level and also we'll see some improvements from some of our own initiatives. And, as a result, I think we're expecting the acute care model to show somewhat moderating revenue trends next year but a return to what we would describe as a more normalized pull-through of EBITDA. So, with revenues growing by 6%, we would expect EBITDA to grow by 7% or 8%, and margins to expand. Now, again, I will make the same comment I made to Kevin - if you had asked me this question two years I would have said that maybe with 6% acute care revenue growth, EBITDA margins would expand 8% or 9%. And I think the fact that we've moderated that view is a reflection that we think that some of these wage increases are more permanent in nature.
Ana Gupte: Then on the bad debt side, again, you did well this quarter. Your AR receivables you said were trending well. One of your peers has had issues on AR receivables and collectibility from commercial peers. I was just wondering if you were seeing anything. It is related to exchanges or any other businesses that maybe put some pressure going forward?
Steve Filton: I think those who listen to our calls and commentary will know that we tend not to really focus on bad debt as a distinctive line. But we tend to focus much more on our overall net revenue growth and net revenue per admission growth on the acute side net of bad debt expense. Our net revenue growth per admission was about 2.5% in the quarter. That's really largely within our expectations, and I think continues to be so. Now, look, much like I was saying about outpatient competition before, I think we feel like some of the dynamics our peers have talked about we certainly have experienced, as well. There's no question that over the last few years payers have shifted more of the ultimate payment burden to the consumer and to the patient, and we are collecting, we're being asked to collect more, on co-pays and deductibles from the patients themselves than we have been asked to collect from insurance companies historically. And that is certainly a tougher exercise and we certainly are making changes in our approach, in our systems, et cetera, to do that more effectively. think we feel it has certainly having an impact and has somewhat pressured our overall net revenue yield over the last couple of years, but I don't think we feel like that's accelerated in any material way in the last quarter or two. And I think we just feel like that's a trend that, again, is now just a part of the business and something that we've kept in mind as we've created our 2017 guidance.
Ana Gupte: Okay. And if I could squeeze one last one - that was very helpful, Steve - on the acute volumes, you talked a lot about the economy in your specific markets, some of your visibility into peer mix. At earlier times, I think maybe a year ago you used to talk more about Medicare and perhaps driving more volumes through whatever clinical practices and treatment guidelines and the like. Is anything coming from there at all? And then, finally, on 1Q, is there a positive impact from the flu? You've talked about tough comps, obviously, given your performance last year. How does the leap day comp all work into 1Q guidance - or just 1Q performance since you don't have guidance?
Steve Filton: We have tended, I think, to artificially describe the middle of 2015 as the end of the ACA era. And obviously the ACA has continued to have an impact. But I think our point of view was the most dramatic and meaningful impact from the ACA really occurred in 2015 and the first half of 2015. And I think since, the back half of 2015 and in the four quarters since then, the payer mix dynamics that we've experienced have been pretty consistent. You repeated them, to some degree. The strongest growing segment of our payer population has been the Medicare population. Medicaid is probably second. We have seen our commercial volumes decline a little bit, and we have seen our uninsured volumes tick back up. And, again, again I think all of those dynamics have really been fairly consistent for the last four quarters or so. We view that, again, as indicative of the underlying strength in our markets because I think Medicare business is largely unimpacted by the ACA. It's largely impacted by a lot of the economic recovery issues. It just, I think, is reflective of the strong market share position we have in our markets, our ability to take market share and grow demand, et cetera. And I think we have a view that continues. As far as the flu, interestingly, I think in most of our markets, I know that generally it's been a relatively busy flu season, particularly over the last four to six weeks. I think in most of our markets it's been a pretty moderate flu season. Now, again, I think we tend to largely ignore the transient impact of the flu either way. But I will say that I don't think we're benefiting greatly from the flu in our markets. And, finally, I think the leap year, leap day, that's just a mathematical issue. It just makes what for us - which I already said earlier - was a very difficult comparison in Q1 just even a little bit more difficult, but not something that I think has any real impact on our ultimate and full-year guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman: Steve, in the past you've talked about a shortage of psychiatrists in some markets actually forcing you to put a hold on patient admissions. Is that still the case and to what extent?
Steve Filton: When this labor shortage really started to manifest itself in the middle of 2015, we talked a lot about the psychiatrist shortage because, quite frankly, in the beginning that's what I think was most impactful on us. I think what we found was that we were able to devise ways to mitigate the physician and psychiatrist shortage more easily. We used things like telemedicine. We used things like physician extenders, RNs and psychologists, doing some of the work that psychiatrists had traditionally done, to fill in for that. And I think it proved to be fairly effective. While we continue to have some pockets of psychiatry shortages in a few markets, I think we don't view that as a really pervasive issue at this point. Relatively quickly the bigger issue became nursing shortages and we really couldn't find the same kinds of solutions, meaning there were not technical solutions. You really can't replace a nurse with telemedicine. They really are at the bedside. They're the hands-on provider. You really can't extend the nurses' duties with people under them because the people under them tend to be non-professionals. So, the nurse shortage proved to be a little bit more intractable to us, so that remains an issue. Again, just back to my overall comments, I think we feel like we've made progress on our clinician shortages in general. I think you've seen that reflected in slightly improving, incremental improvement in volumes in Q3 and Q4. We obviously would hope that the pace of those improvements will accelerate in 2017, and expect that they well.
Gary Lieberman: And then maybe just a follow-up on the benefit from the IMD exclusion or the potential benefit. Are there things you need to do proactively, like making sure you're in appropriate plans and actually going out and marketing to referral sources? Or is it more reactive just from the perspective, that patients that show up at the hospital you're now allowed to accept them as opposed to previously turning them away?
Steve Filton: We have to do what you said, which is, in order to have access to these managed Medicaid patients, we obviously have to make sure that we are a contract provider with the appropriate managed Medicaid plans in particular markets. I think for the most part we have been able to accomplish that and that has not been a real hurdle. I think the hurdle, which may have been under-appreciated, quite frankly, by providers as well as by investors, has been that this pattern of referrals and this pattern of patient behavior has been in place for decades. These adult Medicaid patients have been accustomed, I think, to going to acute care emergency rooms when they need care. And our ability to step in and just redirect what are these decades old patterns in a very short period of time is somewhat limited. Now, again, I think we're trying to do that. And we can certainly engage with the managed care companies to help us in that endeavour by competing on the basis of price and offering lower rates. But I think what we've concluded is that the more economically effective way to get to those patients is in some sort of collaborative venture with the acute care hospital - getting them to close their units down and send their patients to us, or getting them to lease their behavioral units or freestanding behavioral facilities to us, or joint venturing their facilities with us, or joint venturing new facilities with us. We've done every version of what I just described and we continue to negotiate with more acute care hospitals to do every version of what I just described. I think ultimately that's the way that we will really enjoy the benefit of the lifting of the IMD exclusion, although, again, in the short run, as I was suggesting, I think we're already seeing, we're likely to see some incremental benefit just from an increase in Medicaid utilization, which clearly we have already experienced.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with Robert W. Baird.
Whit Mayo: Maybe just an update on Henderson, I know it's early but how is that hospital tracking versus planned? And is that new capacity having any impact on your existing presence within the market? I think it's a lot closer to Dignity's facilities. But just curious how this is playing out versus your initial expectations.
Steve Filton: It's still relatively early, Whit. The facility opened in the beginning of October. We had consistently guided and told people that it would have an impact on EBITDA - an EBITDA drag, if you will - of $5 million to $10 million in the back half of 2016. I think that the actual results are absolutely in that range. I think our expectation embedded in our guidance for 2017 is a turnaround and some level of accretion. And, honestly, I think the turnaround at Henderson would otherwise have provided a bigger tailwind for us in our 2017 guidance except for the fact - and these are unrelated but I think they wind up mathematically offsetting each other - but we've got a schedule in the 10-K, for when folks get a chance to read it in more detail, that shows our Texas Medicaid reimbursement and our expectations that our Texas Medicaid reimbursement will go down $16 million or $17 million in 2017. That decline, unfortunately, I think, largely offsets the improvement in Henderson. What I think we were hoping would be a standalone tailwind really doesn't. It winds up just being an offset for us. As far as cannibalizing our existing business, you described as very quickly, I think every other hospital that we've opened in the last 10 or 15 years in Vegas has, to some degree, cannibalized some existing business, mostly on the [indiscernible] side of the market. But in the case of Henderson in the southeast part of Las Vegas, that's been a market that has historically been dominated by Dignity. And I think we have the view that most of the market share that we would take would be from Dignity. That seems to certainly be the outcome in the first few months of operation.
Whit Mayo: Are there any other supplemental reimbursement changes we should be aware of? LIP? California provider fee? I think you got a little there. Just curious if there's anything we should be mindful of.
Steve Filton: I don't think anything else that's a material change for next year or this year.
Whit Mayo: Okay. And maybe just one last one - DSOs ticked up a bit. I don't know if that's just Cambian mathematically flowing into the financial statements. But just any color to share would be helpful.
Steve Filton: Yes, I think they're actually flat between the fourth quarter of this year and the fourth quarter of last year.
Operator: And we have no other questions in queue at this time.
Steve Filton: Okay. We would like to thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking with everyone again at the end of the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Alan Miller - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs Justin Lake - Wolfe Research Ralph Giacobbe - Citi Paula Torch - Avondale Partners Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo A.J. Rice - UBS Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets Josh Raskin - Barclays Ana Gupte - Leerink Whit Mayo - Robert Baird Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sia, and I will be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Steve Filton. Please go ahead sir.
Steve Filton: Thank you. Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements.  For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in those forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS of $1.54 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2016. After adjusting each quarter's reported results for the incentive income and expenses recorded in connection with the implementation of electronic health record applications at our acute care hospitals, as disclosed on the supplemental schedule included with last night's earnings release, adjusted net income attributable to UHS was $157.2 million or $1.60 per diluted share during the third quarter of 2016, as compared to $155.3 million or $1.53 per diluted share during the third quarter of 2015. On a same facility basis in our acute care division, net revenues during the third quarter of 2016 increased 9.0% over last year's comparable quarter. The increase resulted primarily from a 4.6% increase in adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year and a 3.2% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals decreased to 14.7% during the third quarter of 2016 from 15.3% during the third quarter of 2015. On a same facility basis, net revenues in our behavioral health division increased 2.7% during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the third quarter of 2015. During this year's third quarter, adjusted patient days to our behavioral health facilities increased 1.1%, and revenue per adjusted patient day increased 1.5% as compared to last year's third quarter.  Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year were 26.0% and 27.4% during the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our net cash provided by operating activities increased approximately 38% to $1.1 billion over the $796 million generated during the comparable nine-month period of 2015. Our accounts receivable days outstanding decreased to 50 days during the third quarter of 2016, as compared to 55 days during the third quarter of 2015. At September 30, 2016, our ratio of debt-to-total capitalization was 45.3%. We spent $148 million on capital expenditures during the third quarter of 2016 and $396 million during the first nine months of 2016.  Included in our capital expenditures were the construction costs related to the newly built Henderson Hospital, a 142-bed acute care facility located in Henderson, Nevada, which has been completed and is scheduled to open next week. We have also completed construction on a new 55-bed, 4-story patient tower at Spring Valley Hospital Medical Center in Las Vegas, Nevada, which was opened during the third quarter of this year. As previously announced in August of this year, we purchased Desert View Hospital, a 25-bed facility located in Pahrump, Nevada. Together with our 5 existing acute care facilities in the market, Henderson Hospital and Desert View Hospital further complement our ability to provide a wide array of comprehensive medical services to patients in the Las Vegas, Nevada area. Within our behavioral health division, we have opened a total of 373 new beds at some of our busiest facilities during the first nine-months of 2016.  In addition, we have been working on joint venture behavioral health integration projects with industry leaders throughout the country. We're excited about these partnerships that help address the growing demand for inpatient and outpatient mental health services. We are proud to be partnering with Lancaster General Health and Penn Medicine to build and operate a 126-bed behavioral health hospital in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. Groundbreaking of this facility is slated for the spring of 2017, and the hospital is projected to open during the summer of 2018. In addition, we have formed a joint venture with Providence Health Care to build a 100-bed freestanding behavioral health hospital in Spokane, Washington. In connection with our previously announced $800 million stock repurchase program, we have repurchased approximately 458,000 shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $58 million during the third quarter of this year. Since the inception of the program through September 30, 2016, we have repurchased approximately 3.9 million shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $462 million, and had a remaining share repurchase authorization of approximately $338 million as of the end of the third quarter. Based upon the operating trends and financial results experienced during the first nine-months of 2016, we're narrowing our estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2016 to $7.16 to $7.43 per diluted share from the previously provided range of $7.12 to $7.58 per diluted share. This narrowed guidance, which excludes the expected electronic health records impact for the year increases the lower end of the previously provided range by approximately 1%, and decreases the upper end of the range by approximately 2%.  We'll be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Tejus Ujjani: Hi. This is Tejus Ujjani on for Matt. Thanks for taking the question. Can you touch on any regional differences in the volume strength on the acute care side? Really solid numbers there. Any way to parse out in terms of Nevada strength versus broader market?
Steve Filton: Sure. I think probably the geographic comments and patterns that we’ve been articulating I would say for the last five or six quarters continued to be true in third quarter of this year. And that is, among our strongest markets have been, as you have highlighted, Las Vegas, Southern California, the District of Columbia. On the other end of the spectrum, we’ve seen some weakness in South Texas and Amarillo. All those trends have, quite frankly, been present for a while now, I would say at least a year and a half, and didn't really change in any measurable way in this current quarter.
Tejus Ujjani: Okay, thanks, and a quick follow-up there. Can you share operating metrics for inpatient and outpatient same store surgeries?
Steve Filton: Yes. So just in terms of the most critical metrics in the quarter on the acute side, emergency room visits were up 4% to 5%. Inpatient surgeries were up 3% or so, outpatient were up 4%. All those, I think, relatively strong metrics were consistent with the overall admission strengthen and revenue strength in the acute business for the quarter.
Tejus Ujjani: Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question will come from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Thanks, good morning. Couple questions on behavioral. First, just Steve, can you give us your view on the third quarter in terms of the trajectory here? Volumes improved a little bit. Obviously, you're spending to staff the hospitals. But maybe spike out the 10% of facilities and what you're seeing there. It seems they were down 20%, 30% previously. Are you seeing some improvement there, and what's going on with the rest of the core business, the other 90%?
Steve Filton: Sure. I think from the beginning, Justin, and the beginning I think in my mind was the third quarter of last year, so we've been talking about muted volumes in the behavioral business for about a year now, largely driven by staffing shortages, shortages of psychiatrists and nurses. I think it started out as more of a psychiatrist-centered problem and has evolved into more of a nursing shortage problem. I think what we have highlighted, and there's no perfect way to parse this issue, but we identified four or five or six markets that were most problematic in terms of having vacancies for these clinical positions and having to turn away patients, and as a consequence, have significantly and measurably muted volumes in those markets because we simply didn't have enough qualified clinical professionals to treat those patients. Over the course of the year, I think the markets have largely remained the same. We think those markets probably encompass, depending on how you count them, some 20-odd facilities, and again, during the 12 months, maybe a facility entered the list or came off the list, but I think for the most part, the list remained the same. I think we’ve seen some improvement in those markets. By definition, I think our overall volumes are increasing a little bit. I think we see pockets of weakness in some of the other markets, but I think for the most part, we continue to believe that if we focus on the four or five most problematic markets, as we have been that we will continue to make progress. I think, and you alluded to this a little bit in your question, I think the third quarter was a bit of a whipsaw for us in the sense that as we are hiring new nurses, as we're paying sign-on, bonuses as we are investing in the recruitment and retention of nurses, our labor costs are going up. We clearly saw that in Q3, and honestly, our volumes are going up a little bit, but they are not responding as quickly. Part of this is just a mechanical processes. As we hire nurses, they have to give notice at their old jobs if they are coming from another employer. Then they join us, and they go through an orientation or a training. And so we are paying them and we're incurring costs, but we are not necessarily able to increase volumes immediately. And I think what you saw in Q3 was a little bit of that dynamic of increased cost without the complete benefit of the commensurate increase in volumes. We think that's a relatively temporary situation that should continue to improve pretty measurably over the next quarter or two.
Justin Lake: So that was my second question, Steve is just the trajectory here. It sounds like you think it's going to improve, and it should improve given the spending you're making here. Can you talk about the pace of improvement and when you think it gets back to that target 4% to 5%, 6% same store revenue growth range? And then given the level of spending, can you walk us through what you would think would be a reasonable equation, let's just say, for 2017 in terms of - if same store growth is 4% or 5%, what does that equate to in terms of EBITDA growth if you get there?
Steve Filton: So, our original guidance for 2016 for our behavioral business, same store behavioral business was 5% revenue growth, which was - the implied metrics for that was 3% to 4% volume growth and 1% to 2% pricing. I think for the most part, we’ve been hitting those pricing targets, so this really is a volume issue. And so when you parse those numbers, we are somewhere 200, 250 basis points short of volumes from where we thought we would be. We also thought that if we could get to that 5% volume growth, we would get to something like a 6% to 7% expansion of EBITDA, or growth in EBITDA. I think that assumption and that EBITDA growth already presumed, because when we gave our guidance for the year, we were certainly well aware of the labor shortage already at that time. So, I think it presumes we would be raising salaries, we would be spending and investing more money in recruitment and retention. And so that EBITDA growth in comparison to the revenue growth was already factoring in some amount of labor pressure. So really, the question you are asking, which is a perfectly reasonable one, is when do we get this additional 200, 250 basis points in volume? I think we feel like we are doing most of the right things. I think we feel like we are making progress. I think we feel like at some point next year, in 2017, we will get there. Exactly how quickly we get there, exactly when that improvement comes, and how quickly that improvement comes is difficult to say. Obviously, the next time we speak to this group will be in late February when we give our 2017 guidance. I think we will be in a much better position to be more precise at that time. But we certainly feel that the metrics that we laid out for this year are well within reach and certainly achievable at some point during 2017.
Justin Lake: Great, thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to stick to the labor side, can you give us a sense, Steve, at this point, what the average wage rate increases are today versus, say, a year or two years ago, maybe both across acute and psych and how you think about that on a go-forward basis, even if you do get volume back from the ability to grow EBITDA or the level of EBITDA growth? And then if you could also comment on what was contract labor in the quarter and maybe versus a year ago just to give us some sense of what the magnitude there is of that correction?
Steve Filton: So, I think that the challenge in both of these businesses has not really been underlying wage rates. I think on the acute side, I think the challenge has mostly been the use of what we describe as premium pay, and that is paying either our own nurses overtime or shift differentials or whatever to work additional or incremental shifts, or paying temporary or registry nurses, generally a fairly significant premium over what would be our normal rate of pay. And that's really what's driving up our average wage rates. I don't think our underlying, I'll call them normalized wage rates, let's say, in the acute division, are going up much more than 3%, 3.5%. Maybe that's 50 basis points higher than what we might have thought a year ago, but not a huge needle mover. Just as a - to put it in context, I think in a normal environment, we would expect the use of temporary nurses to represent something in any given quarter around 2% of our overall labor force. I think in this quarter, that number was between two and three times that. And even that doesn't - it seems like some relatively small numbers. Because you are paying those temporary nurses in many cases twice what you're paying a regular nurse, the impact starts to add up relatively quickly. The same thing I think is true on the behavioral side. The real issue - and if you've looked at our segment data for the last four quarters or so you, don't see a lot of pressure on our wage line in behavioral, and that's because, quite frankly, we’ve just been unable to find sufficient number of nurses. It's really not been a question of willingness to pay them more to use temporary nurses or whatever. It's just been an absolute inability to find them at all, especially in these markets that I alluded to before. So, I'm going to say the same thing. I think the underlying wage rates in the behavioral division are maybe going up at this point 2.5% or 3%, and maybe that's 50 basis points higher than what we thought. But I don't think it's driving the numbers measurably, other than what I said before. I think already, our EBITDA growth targets that we already had talked about for 2016 for both divisions, I think already incorporated some amount of this labor pressure that we’ve been talking about.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. That's helpful. And then can you give us a sense of payer mix in the quarter?
Steve Filton: The payer mix, which I think is largely reflected in - I'm only going to talk on the acute business - in the 3% revenue-per-day increase roughly. I think it reflects our government business, Medicare, Medicaid being up. Our adjusted admissions for the quarter were up 4.5%. I think our government admissions were up in that neighborhood. Commercial admissions, while up, were up slightly less than that, maybe 1%, 1.5%. And then I think on insured admissions, we’re up a little bit more than the average, probably in the 6%, 7% range. And again, these are all trends that I think we have talked about for, I would say, since the middle of last year. As the benefits of the ACA have started to anniversary, we are not continuing to get the benefit from increased Medicaid expansion. Continued commercial enrollment, as a matter of fact, I think we are seeing some level of disenrollment as premiums rise and other factors occur. I think all that payer mix trending has been ongoing for about a year now. We see some volatility between quarters, but if you look at the four-or-five month trend, I think you'll see that we've been hitting that 3% revenue-per-admission growth rate pretty consistently over that period of time.
Ralph Giacobbe: That's helpful. If I could squeeze one more in, Steve, can you give us a sense of some of the progress of these JVs and partnerships that you've talked about or any other arrangements you have with hospitals around trying to ultimately capture the IMD benefit as we think about next year? When will this get turned on, if you will, and run through the P&L? Can you give us a sense of whether the magnitude to some of these relationships have the ability to move the needle, or are you in the process of still signing these up where it's just not anything we should be expecting to come through the P&L anytime soon?
Steve Filton: So, I think it's worth noting that these conversations with acute care hospitals on the behavioral side of the business have been ongoing now for probably a couple of years, and a number of these arrangements have already been entered into, and some of them are already in operation. I think that the first few of the arrangements we entered into were just these lease arrangements where we would joint venture with large not-for-profit healthcare systems. I mentioned in my opening remarks a deal to build a new hospital with Providence in the Washington State market. We already have two other arrangements where we just occupied existing units, which we leased from Providence and run behavioral units there, and both of them ongoing for some time and have been incorporated in our results for some time. Overall, it is a significant focus, probably, from a business development perspective, the single biggest focus in the behavioral division, what we described as acute care integration efforts. And so I think that they will continue, and will continue to enter into new ones. Exactly how significant they’ll be, I think remains to be seen. Some of them will take some time to develop. I mentioned Lancaster General joint venture in my remarks, but that new hospital will not open until 2018. I think when we give our guidance for 2017, we will probably frame it as here is our same store expectations in terms of volume and revenue growth, and then we will probably separately spike out what the impact of these new ventures will be, and I think we’ll probably do that, frankly, on a continuing basis after that.
Ralph Giacobbe: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Paula Torch with Avondale Partners.
Paula Torch: Thanks. Good morning. Steve, I guess I wanted to start up with the behavioral business. I had a question on the list of the 20 or for facilities, and maybe you could share with us what the occupancy looks like in those markets currently and maybe how quickly you can ramp up those facilities when you do add on those nurses or potentially a psychiatrist in order, I mean, I realized that you talked about getting that volume and that we're not really sure how much longer it's going to take, but I'm just curious, from that standpoint, in terms of occupancy, what do you see when you add a nurse, and how does that impact your effective beds?
Steve Filton: So, I think - and I probably could have been clearer about this. I mean we identified those four, five, six markets in the 20 or so hospitals. The way that we identified them or the criteria we used was that in those hospitals, we had actually closed the unit or closed the number of beds or we capped our census so that in a 80-bed hospital, we were capping or limiting our census to, let's say, 40 patients or whatever the amount of qualified nurses we had would limit us to. Certainly, elsewhere in the portfolio, we were facing some pressures of turning away a patient on this day or not having enough nurses on a particular day. But these were hospitals where, again, we had closed the unit or we had capped our census for an extended period of time, and that's how we were categorizing them. I think at those hospitals - and I don't have the occupancy data in front of me, Paula, but I will say that at those hospitals, on average, I think their patient days or their volumes were down during this period, I would say 10% to 15%. And again, I think that the bulk of the effort to get the division back to the 200 basis points, 250 basis-point shortage in volumes that we’re really facing from our original guidance is getting those hospitals back to the 3% to 4% volume growth that we think most of the rest of the portfolio is posting. Obviously, if we can't get those hospitals back to that level, and we can get the remaining 180 hospitals or whatever the exact number is, to increase their volumes by 25 basis points or 50 basis points, I mean that will get us to the same place. But I think we just tried to frame it that way because I think it, frankly, it helped us as we tried to focus on addressing this problem, and we thought it would help people understand that as with many things, this was really an 80/20 issue, and the bulk of our focus was on a relatively small number of markets and facilities that were facing the most dramatic shortages.
Paula Torch: Okay. Thank you. Maybe just as a follow-up, does this - trying to improve the 20% of these hospitals, let's just say, does that impact your ability or your thoughts about growth for next year? You opened, I think you said, 373 beds in the first nine months. I would assume that you're going to close the year with more than that, so does that impact how you are thinking about that growth and bed expansions, or do you feel like the 80% of the market that's left still has a lot of room to grow? And have you really seen any changes or shifts in the demand for your services in the U.S.? From everything that we read, there continues to be a supply-demand disconnect. I would like to know if you would continue to agree with that?
Steve Filton: I think, Paula, we share that view, and I think we have said, again, for the last year that this is not a problem of diminishing demand in the underlying fundamentals of this business. As a matter of fact, I think if anything, we believe that, again, the underlying demand has done nothing, but increase and continues to increase. And our view of both the intermediate and long-term prospects from a demand perspective in this business remain extremely robust, and we are very enthusiastic about it. Instead, we are focused on what we believe is a much more near-term issue of making sure that we have, again, enough qualified staff in all of our facilities to satisfy that demand. I think that, obviously, as you pointed, I mean the fact that we are adding beds - and obviously, we're adding beds in markets where we do have enough qualified staff and we can accommodate those patients, and we’re not necessarily adding beds in those markets where we don't have enough staff now. At some point, we may add beds in those markets as we resolve the problem. But our continued investment in capacity in the business is a reflection of the fact that we expect it to grow at fairly robust rates. I'm not going to tell you we are not prepared to give 2017 guidance today, but I think when we give our guidance in 2017, it will reflect the fact that we believe, A, that the businesses going to continue to grow, and, B, that we'll continue to find new ways to enter markets, particularly acute care hospital market, and help to penetrate their behavioral services, which will also help the business grow.
Paula Torch: Okay, great. Thank you for the color.
Operator: The next question will come from Kevin Fischbeck with BoA. Kevin, your line is open. Okay, he has withdrawn his question. The next question will come from Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Steve, can you talk a little about the IMD exclusion benefit? Is the expectation that it's still going to take place primarily in 2017 as you enter networks where it's available, and are you on track to achieve that?
Steve Filton: Yes, so the listing of the IMD exclusion for the managed Medicaid population could occur as early as July of 2016 if the states approved that. And I think some of our states have done so.  I think we always had the view that the immediate impact of the lifting of the IMD exclusion, particularly in a mid-year, cycle was going to be fairly minimal because networks were already established and benefit plan design was already established, and to have, effectively, new hospitals join the network midyear and to really redirect a substantial number of patients was not a terribly practical matter in the middle of a year. So, I think in that sense, we always had the view that beginning with a new plan year in January of 2017, we would get more of a measurable impact. And the reality is some states will not approve the lifting until July of 2017, so some of this may be delayed even till 2018. I think, however, our view of this has also evolved, too - and this really encompasses my previous remarks to believe that, really the greatest opportunity we have here to take advantage of that adult Medicaid population are these arrangements that we will reach collaboratively with acute care hospitals to joint venture with them, to lease beds from them, to help them manage units because those opportunities will give us access, not only to their adult Medicaid patient population, but also to their commercial population, to their Medicare population. And so in some respects, the opportunity that we’re pursuing through that avenue is even greater than the IMD opportunity, although in fairness, it will take some time to realize as we have to negotiate these arrangements and implement them, and in some cases, build new capacity, or in some cases, renovate existing capacity, so there's some time lags in all this, but ultimately, given the fact that half of all the behavioral beds in the U.S. reside in acute care hospitals, we think that this opportunity to penetrate those beds is a tremendous, and as I remarked before, probably the single biggest business development opportunity we have domestically over the next five years or so.
Gary Lieberman: Great. That's very helpful. And you talk about - there's been a fair amount in the news over the past week or so about premium increases on exchange products and different players potentially leaving markets and decreasing choice. Can you talk about maybe what you expect to see in your markets next year and what impact, if any, that might have on the acute care business?
Steve Filton: Yes, so look, I think the reality is I don't know that we have a terribly insightful view of how this is all going to play out. I will make just some preliminary comments that we have said from the very beginning of the Affordable Care Act that the bulk of the benefit that we realize from the Affordable Care Act tended to be on the Medicaid expansion side of the ACA. I think on a percentage basis, we had more hospital beds in expansion states than any of our peers, mostly because of our significant oversized presence in Nevada, but obviously, we benefited in California, we benefited in the District of Columbia. The amount of benefit that we got from commercial exchange enrollment was always more limited, and so to the degree that there is some level of disenrollment, which I think there is and probably will continue to be, I think will impact us, but will not impact us in a terribly material and measurable way. And I think it's also worth noting that we’ve said from the outset that I think that ACA has had a relatively minor impact on the behavioral business. And so again, I think to the degree that there is disruption in the markets, that there is disenrollment, that there is a limiting number of payers remaining, I don't think that's going to have a measurable impact on us. I will say that in most of our markets, there still are multiple exchange providers in business, and a Blue Cross plan almost inevitably is one of them. But even though we have seen some players leave the market, I think in most of our markets, there remains some level of choice and competition, so I think that is helpful.
Gary Lieberman: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question will come from A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hi, everybody. A couple quick ones hopefully. Just to think about the margin trend on the acute side with those volumes that were, frankly, stronger than we thought they would be. I'm know you're pointing to overtime usage and contract labor, but is the right way to think about it, is that the way it's going to be now, even if you have strong volumes, you are not going to be able to get the margin leverage? Or can we assume that somehow the volumes came in stronger than you were expected, and you were scrambling somewhat to keep staffing in line, and if those volumes continue to be strong, you will get margin leverage?
Steve Filton: So, A.J., I'm going to go back again. I talked about our original presumptions for behavioral margins for the year and behavioral business. I'm going to do it on the acute as well. Our 2016 acute care guidance presumed 6% revenue growth and 7% or 8% EBITDA growth. And again, I think those projections and that EBITDA growth already presume that there would be some level of labor inflation because of pressure on wage rates and pressure on increased use of premium pay, et cetera. The acute results have been choppier and a little bit more volatile than the behavioral results I think, and I’ve encouraged people not to look at a particular quarter as reflective or emblematic of the trajectory, but to look at the last four or five quarters combined. And I think if you look at the business that way, we have been pretty routinely hitting at least that 6% revenue growth target, and I think during that period, we also have margin expansion. Again, I don't think we are going to have it every single quarter. I think there will be some quarters that’ll be tighter than others. But I think over time, those metrics that I laid out are still very sustainable from our point of view.
A.J. Rice: Okay. You mentioned the two deals that you’re working on the behavioral side in collaboration, are those traditional joint ventures? Can you give us a little more flavor? Are you taking on the bulk of the capital commitment there, or are they participating - your partners participating with you on that?
Steve Filton: So, I think it's difficult to describe the model deal here. Everyone is different. I described a number of arrangements we have where we simply lease beds from an acute care hospital and run a behavioral unit effectively in their building or on their campus. And in those cases, we take on all the economics other than paying them a lease payment. In the deals I described in my remarks, we are building new facilities, and in each of those cases, I think the acute care partner will contribute their percentage of the capital investment. And the partnership percentages vary. Some of these are 50/50 deals; some of them are 80/20 deals, where we're the 80% partner. Again, I think one of the things that we’re willing to do is provide these acute care hospitals with a lot of optionality as to how we can proceed. And we’d love to have all the economics where - but if we have an acute care partner who wants to retain a significant amount of economics and we can reach an agreement on that, I think we are happy to do that. So, I think you are going to see these deals take a lot of different forms. In the end, I think they all provide us an opportunity to broach a patient population that we've just never been able to really penetrate before in a meaningful way.
Alan Miller: A moderate position with regard to that on the corporate level is attractive because people that are dealing with us realize if it works out properly, we have the capital to invest. So it makes us more attractive than others who are overleveraged.
A.J. Rice: Yes, yes, I understand that. That was my last question on the capital deployment from here. I didn't know you were active on the buyback front in the quarter. I know you have said there are deals out there you are talking to, both on the behavioral and acute side. Any update on where you think the capital is going? Are these projects going to take on more capital you think, or is it more of those other two?
Steve Filton: I think, A.J. we always describe ourselves as opportunistic, and that's not a throwaway term from our perspective. We believe that we’re going to try and respond to opportunities on both the acute and behavioral side that make economic sense and that earn a reasonable return, whether those opportunities are organic and building new facilities as we’ve done in Las Vegas, or inorganic through acquisitions on the behavioral side, or inorganic through these investments in new partnerships with acute hospitals. As you point out, we've also been an active acquirer of our own shares. We’re bullish on intermediate and long-term prospects of both our business segments and feel like our current valuations are reasonable, and investing in our own EBITDA stream is a good investment as well. So, I think you're going to continue to see us do all these things, continue to invest capital in our existing franchises that are growing and are strengthening or being strengthened in these new arrangements with acute hospitals on the behavioral side, and we're going to continue to look at M&A on both sides of the business as well, and be an active acquire of our own shares.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question will come from Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank Morgan: Good morning. Steve, I was hoping you could give us a little color on the sequential - or I'm sorry - the progression through the months of the quarter maybe on the two lines of business. And then secondly, looking at your updated guidance it implies at the mid-point that your adjustment is really less than the amount of the shortfall of this quarter. So, I am curious, what do you see so far maybe in October that gives us confidence over the balance of the year? Thanks.
Steve Filton: So, I will just remind people, everything - a week in healthcare seems like a lifetime, but back in July, there were a number of these sell-side surveys that were suggesting volumes are very weak, and there was a lot of concern and even panic over that. I think providers pointed out the fact that the calendar was working against us and that August would look better. In fact, I think we said at our September conferences that July and August volumes combined looked where we expected they’d be. So, I think other than that dynamic, there was nothing about the progression or trajectory of the quarter that was terribly noteworthy. Look, the take on our guidance from my perspective was we were a little bit short of our own internal projections for the quarter. I think, the midpoint of the revised guidance presumes that the trends for Q3 just continue into Q4, and we'd probably be a little bit short again in Q4. If things improve and we're able to make some more immediate improvements in both the businesses, we should be able to gravitate towards the higher end of the range. And if things worsen, which is not really our expectation at this point, but if they did, we would gravitate more to the lower end of the range.
Frank Morgan: Just one follow-up to be clear, between the two lines, both behavioral and acute, the trends were similar for both, or did you see any differences across the quarter in the two businesses? Thanks.
Steve Filton: No, I don't think we saw any significant differences between the two businesses.
Operator: The next question will come from Josh Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua Raskin: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. First question just on behavioral, and I heard some of the comments, Steve, and I apologize if I missed others on the underlying demand for behavioral health services. Do you think there's any potential that we are seeing in the marketplace just better treatment options, better pharmaceuticals, et cetera? Is it possible that's cycling through and that maybe we are seeing a temporary reduction in demand for the services?
Steve Filton: Look, I think that there's no question, and there has been an effort, and look, this is not exclusive to the behavioral business, but certainly in the behavioral business, on the part of payers to move patients to lower-cost settings of care. And so we've been under pressure - and none of this is new - to discharge patients as soon as is clinically appropriate, and I think we would argue in some cases even before it's clinically appropriate to move patients into outpatient settings or group homes or whatever it may be. But again, when I say that the underlying demand remains strong, Josh, I think we measure it by - we've talked a little about this concept on previous calls - we measure something we call deflections, which is when a patient is presented to us and they meet clinical criteria and they have some appropriate level of payment and effectively are eligible for admissions, and we are unable to admit them either because - historically the main reason we couldn't admit them is we didn't have a bed available in certain markets, in certain hospitals, and more recently, in the last or so, because we didn't have sufficient number of staff. But the number of deflections remain high. The number of patients who are being presented to us and meet the criteria to be admitted remains quite high, and those patients are being, again, deflected or turned away, and I think in a lot of these markets where a labor shortage is the issue, we think they are being turned away from multiples facilities. In other words, they are not finding treatment anywhere. And so again, I think the scenario you present is perfectly legitimate, and it has been occurring, and frankly, it's been occurring for a long time. I don't think it's necessarily accelerated or is terribly new in its form. But my view would be, the underlying demand remains quite strong despite those efforts.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. That makes sense. And just a quick follow-up on CapEx. I know you had some big projects come online in Las Vegas, et cetera, and I know you've got a moderated view of CapEx next year, but are there any big projects you guys are contemplating where CapEx could be similar to 2016, or would that be highly unlikely at this point of the planning?
Steve Filton: There is certainly no whole hospital acute care build projects that I think are on the drawing board for 2017, which I think is why we expect some moderation in the overall level of CapEx spend in 2017. But as I was responding to A.J.'s question before, I do think we see lots of other opportunities to expand services, to build new behavioral beds, et cetera. So again, I think we believe that CapEx will moderate some in 2017, but we’re not going to see a dramatic decline because we think that there are still a lot of good opportunities out there to build revenue and EBITDA producing capacity. Obviously, again, when we give our guidance in February, we’ll have a much more precise number to provide to everybody. But I think at least order of magnitude that shows you where we are headed.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. That's perfect. Thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Ana Gupte with Leerink.
Ana Gupte: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Hi, Steve. The first question I had - and I just got in a late, but on the acute side, how confident are you that the strength you are seeing will continue? And is there still more Medicare? That was what you had alluded to in previous quarters.
Steve Filton: Yes, look, Ana, and I never like to boldly say we’re 100% confident of anything, but if you look, as I have suggested before at the last four or five acute care quarters, even in what I think about, is I think about the third quarter of 2015 really being the beginning of, I'll call it, the post-ACA era where the bulk of the ACA impact had already been realized, et cetera. If you look at our acute care revenue growth in those four or five quarters subsequent to that, we’ve been pretty consistently posting, again, at least that 6% revenue growth, which has been split pretty evenly between volume and price, and in fact, in many quarters, including this most recent quarter, we’ve been exceeding that. So, yes I think our confidence level that we can continue, that that level of growth for our facilities and our markets is sustainable is a reasonable one. It's not pie in the sky. We have been posting those numbers, and we don't see anything on the horizon that really threatens that. The comments that I was making about payer mix was that the government payer mix seems to be moving in lock step with our overall growth. Commercial growth has slowed some; uninsured growth has increased some.  I think that's a reflection of some of the premium increases and exchange disenrollment that others have mentioned and people have been talking about. That's been factored into our numbers, and again, I think that's already reflected in the growth that we’ve been able to achieve. So, again, I wouldn't say we have a 100% confidence level, but we’re pretty confident in the sustainable level of our acute care revenue growth.
Ana Gupte: And then on the pricing side, the volumes were strong. You alluded to the 6%. With the mix shifting, it seems like a little bit at least from commercial to Medicare and the shift in the commercial itself to lower-price sites of service, is that pricing growth as well sustainable? I know it is the outlook, finally, on your managed care contracts, and all of that put together on pricing.
Steve Filton: Right, so just to be clear, the 6% was overall revenue growth, and that was split pretty evenly between volume and price. If you look it, revenue per admission in the third quarter per adjusted admission increased by 3%. Yes, I think that is based on acute care commercial pricing growth in the 4% to 6% range. I think we have been hitting those numbers pretty comfortably and don't see that changing dramatically anytime soon.
Ana Gupte: And then finally, since acute is doing so well at this point, you had said I think at some point that you were at the table on discussions of smaller hospital chains and so on going - coming up for sale. Are you making more aggressive attempts to grow on the acute side given your strength?
Steve Filton: I think our development folks would say they are already making a lot of aggressive attempts. I think we have been anxious and have been looking for opportunities to grow the acute care business and find well-positioned not-for-profit hospitals particularly that are for sale. Again, I mentioned in my remarks, it was a relatively small acquisition, but we did the Desert View acquisition in the greater Las Vegas market this quarter. And even though it's small, we feel like it was an important component of our overall strategy in Las Vegas, so we continue to look for those opportunities. So yes, we remain bullish on both of these businesses and their long-term prospects. And as I was saying, again, I think in my remarks to A.J. about capital deployment, we will continue to deploy capital in both businesses where it makes sense and where we can convince ourselves that an adequate return can be earned.
Ana Gupte: Thanks so much. Appreciate the color.
Steve Filton: Thanks Ana.
Operator: The next question will come from Whit Mayo with Robert Baird.
Whit Mayo: Hi, thanks. Steve, if memory serves me, you have a behavioral contract management business buried inside…
Alan Miller: Please speak up.
Whit Mayo: Sorry. Steve, was just asking about Horizon Health behavioral contract management business that you have. That was an organization that had a lot of pricing pressure over the years. Just wondering if you are trying to leverage the infrastructure with Horizon as you pursued joint ventures and other transactions with hospitals and what the pricing has been within that industry, and is that business really helpful as you pursue these conversations?
Steve Filton: Sure, so just a tiny bit of context here. Horizon was a stand-alone public company that was in the business of managing behavioral units for acute care hospitals. They were acquired a number of years ago by PSI, and then obviously, we acquired Horizon as part of the PSI acquisition. We continue to run that Horizon business, and they continue to have - I'm doing this off the top of my head, but it was something like 100 of these contracts around the country where they are managing behavioral units for acute care hospitals. The upside of that business is somewhat limited because basically, for the most part, they are just earning a management fee and they're really not able to generally share in the economics of the units that they are running. We certainly are using that Horizon foundation, if you will, as a base to talk to both their existing clients, as well as their prospects. They certainly have had a robust business development function for years that is very helpful because they really - what they have focused on are these acute care hospital behavioral units, and so our focus expands to those businesses, the Horizon knowledge and database is quite useful. So yes, we’re leveraging that platform to effectively, I think, create a newer business model that allows us to participate in more of the economics of those acute care behavioral businesses. But yes, having Horizon is certainly a helpful dynamic.
Whit Mayo: Got it. And maybe one last one, just remind us the startup cost that you anticipate with the opening of Henderson and the timeframe to break even.
Steve Filton: Sure. We talked about at the beginning of the year and embedded in our guidance was the fact that there would probably be a $10 million EBITDA drag in the back half of the year from both the pre-opening and a startup lost perspective at Henderson. We had a $2 million or $3 million drag in the third quarter, which implies a $7 million or $8 million drag in the fourth quarter, and I think those numbers are still largely good. Again, we will be more precise when we give our 2017 guidance, but we certainly think that Henderson will become EBITDA positive for the full year of 2017. We will give more details of that at the end of the fourth quarter.
Whit Mayo: Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. So going back to another question, I guess you said you feel comfortable about the growth rate being sustainable on the acute care side of the business. How do you feel about margins? Because I was a little bit surprised by the margin pressure that we have seen, is this the right way to think about margins over the long term, or do you see upside or downside to that to get - what's the normal margin to think about over time?
Steve Filton: So, I think, Kevin, what I said was that our original guidance for 2016 was that acute care revenue would grow by about 6% same store, and that margins or EBITDA would grow by 7% to 8% margins, which means that margins would expand at least somewhat. I think if you go back and you look, not just at this quarter, but at the last four or five quarters, you will see that we’re doing both of those things. We are growing revenue by at least 6%, and we are expanding margins. I can see this; it is somewhat choppy. It’s somewhat volatile. There are some quarters where there's margin contraction, et cetera, but I think over that period of time, we have been able to achieve those metrics, and I think our point of view is going forward, we'll continue to be able to achieve those metrics.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, so you think that over the next several years, margins should be, on average, higher than where they are today in the acute care business?
Steve Filton: Certainly, as long as revenue growth continues at a level of 6% or so, I think we believe that over time, margins will continue to expand.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then moving to the IMD, when we think about the opportunity, obviously, there's an opportunity to talk to the 1,200 hospitals - well, when you talk about JVs, are you talking about doing a JV with one of the 1,200 hospitals that has a unit already and moving it out, or are you talking to the 3,800 hospitals that don't even have a capability and building something from scratch. Because it seems the 3,800 is the bigger opportunity, trying to collect that volume. How do you think about that?
Steve Filton: Well, I think the way to think about it is, the 3,800 acute care hospitals that don't have a behavioral unit have some relationship today where they are sending their adult Medicaid patients, and quite frankly, any of their psych patients, generally to another acute care hospital, certainly the adult Medicaid patients. We may be getting some of their other patients. And so yes, I think our point of view is that the way to penetrate that adult Medicaid business is to go where those patients are being treated today, and that is in the 1,200 or so acute hospitals that have a behavioral unit. We certainly are having conversations with those other hospitals, and honestly, I think we have been having conversations with them all along about referring patients from their EDs to our behavioral units where we live in a market with them.
Kevin Fischbeck: Do you see any potential threat to your ED, acute care ED volume that comes with psych if those patients now can go to a freestanding facility? Do you think that your acute care hospital volumes could be redirected to a freestanding facility now? Is that an offset, or how do you think about that as a potential offset to IMD?
Steve Filton: No, look, I think, first of all, we only have a relatively small number of our acute hospitals that have an existing behavioral unit. I think for the most part, again, acute hospitals control where their patients go, and so I don't think freestanding hospitals can just snap their fingers and redirect patients. I think the acute hospital is still in the position of being able to control their own patients, which is why we're most focused on this collaborative effort to work with acute care hospitals to penetrate that behavioral business. So, no, I don't think we see an offset from the loss of IMD business on our acute side of the business.
Kevin Fischbeck: It just seems to me that they can steer where those volumes go. They might not want to send it to a competitor on their acute care business. They had to before because they had no other option, but now, they might say, okay, we now have another option, and that they would steer it away. But you are not hearing that or seeing that yet?
Steve Filton: No.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And there are no further questions.
Steve Filton: Okay, we thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking with everybody at the end of the fourth quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc. Alan B. Miller - Universal Health Services, Inc.
Analysts: Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Frank Lee - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co. Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Universal Health Services second quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. Thank you. And, Mr. Steve Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services' results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2016. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," and similar words that represent forecasts, projections, and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to your questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $1.89 for the quarter. After adjusting each quarters' reported results for the incentive income and expenses recorded in connection with the implementation of electronic health records applications at our acute care hospitals as disclosed on the supplemental schedule included with last night earnings release, adjusted net income attributable to UHS increased to $191.1 million or $1.94 per diluted share during the second quarter of 2016 as compared to $186.6 million or $1.85 per diluted share during the second quarter of last year. On a same-facility basis in our acute care division, revenues during the second quarter of 2016 increased 7.4% over last year's comparable quarter. The increase resulted primarily from a 3.9% increase in adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year and a 1.3% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same-facility basis, operating margins for our acute care division decreased to 17.7% during the second quarter of 2016 from 19.1% during the second quarter of 2015. On a same-facility basis, net revenues in our behavioral health division increased 2.0% during the second quarter of 2016 as compared to the second quarter of 2015. During this year's second quarter as compared to last year's, adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year decreased 0.3%, and adjusted patient days increased 0.2%. Revenue per adjusted admission and adjusted patient day rose 2.4% and 1.9%, respectively, during the second quarter of 2016 over the comparable prior-year quarter. On a same-facility basis, operating margins for our behavioral health division were 28.1% and 28.7% during the quarters ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 respectively. For the six months ended June 30, 2016, our cash provided by operating activities increased approximately 50% to $801 million over the $532 million generated during the comparable six-month period of 2015. Our accounts receivable days outstanding decreased slightly to 50 days during the second quarter of 2016 as compared to 54 days during the second quarter of 2015. At June 30, 2016, our ratio of debt to total capitalization increased to 45.5%, as compared to 42.6% at June 30, 2015. We spent $120 million on capital expenditures during the second quarter of 2016 and $248 million during the first six months of 2016. Included in our capital expenditures were the construction costs related to the ongoing construction of a new 142-bed hospital in Henderson, Nevada, which is scheduled to open in the fourth quarter of this year. Also included were the construction costs related to a new four-story patient tower at Spring Valley Hospital in Las Vegas, Nevada, which was recently completed and opened. In addition, early in the second quarter, we opened Skywood Recovery, a new 100-bed substance-abuse treatment center located in August (sic) [Augusta] (4:56), Michigan. Skywood is part of our expanding Foundations Recovery Network and provides integrated treatment for substance abuse and co-occurring mental health disorders. Last month we completed the refinancing of certain components of our debt, including 1) the issuance of an additional $400 million of our 4.75% senior secured notes due in 2022, which were issued at a yield of 4.35%; 2) the issuance of $400 million of 5.0% senior secured notes due in 2026, and 3) a $200 million increase in borrowings pursuant to the Term Loan A facility of our credit agreement. These financings generated aggregate debt proceeds of approximately $1 billion, of which $400 million was utilized to repay the 7.125% senior secured notes that matured in June 30, 2016. $445 million was spent in connection with our previously disclosed May 2016 purchase of third-party minority ownership interest in our six acute-care hospitals located in Las Vegas, Nevada. And the remainder was utilized to repay other floating-rate debt. In conjunction with our $800 million stock repurchase program during the second quarter of 2016, we purchased approximately 235,000 shares of our stock at an aggregate cost of $29 million or approximately $123 million (sic) [$123] (6:25) per share. Since inception of the program through June 30, 2016, we repurchased approximately 3.5 million shares at an aggregate cost of $406 million or approximately $117 per share. Alan and I are pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Paula Torch with Avondale Partners.
Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning. So, Steve, I wanted to start off maybe in asking about the behavioral volumes. They were a little bit weaker than we were expecting, and wondering if you could just give us a little bit more color around the drivers of that weakness. I realize that compares were more difficult last year and that you're still working through some of the labor shortages, but how is that going forward, and what are you thinking about those volumes in the second half of the year?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure, Paula. So I think, as you suggest, we've really, I think, been talking about the pressures on our behavioral volumes for almost a year now. I think beginning in the third quarter of last year, we began to clearly see the shortage of clinicians, psychiatrists, and nurses, and to a lesser degree other mental health technicians, as hampering our ability in certain facilities – in a relatively small number of markets and a small number of facilities – hampering our ability in some cases to admit all the patients who were being presented to us for admission. I think those dynamics – and we said this when we gave our guidance for 2016, we thought that those dynamics would persist through the second quarter of this year. We also suggested that they would improve in the back half of this year, in large part because, number one, the comparisons would become much easier, as they will, and also because a number of the initiatives that we've been working on and putting in place to mitigate this problem would also begin to gain some traction. So I think that the softer volumes in Q2 were somewhat disappointing to us as well, but largely expected. And I think our sense continues to be that they will improve in the back half of this year.
Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC: Is it possible to parse out how much of the softer volumes were because of this dynamic with the labor versus just overall weakness in general?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure. So our general sense, Paula, is that our original guidance for the year contemplated about a 5% increase in behavioral same-store revenue. And that was really broken down into a 3% to 4% anticipated increase in volumes, in patient days, and a 1% to 2% increase in price. On the pricing side, I think we're absolutely where we expected to be. And so we're basically showing flattish volumes as compared to that 3% or 4% increase that we were anticipating. And I think we believe that that entire gap and that entire difference can be attributed to the shortage of clinicians and that if we're able to solve and resolve that problem, we should be able to get back to that sort of 5% overall revenue growth level and that 3% to 4% volume growth level that we anticipated originally.
Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay. And then maybe just a follow-up to that. I'm curious if you could share with us some of the initiatives that you have in place to mitigate this. Is it paying out higher wages, training programs, maybe more effective recruiting? I mean, anything that you can kind of tell us there that you've been doing that you feel will really drive this home in the second half?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure. Well, I think, frankly, Paula, it's all those things and more. Obviously, in a tight labor market, wage rates matter. And so, in markets in which we are experiencing shortages, we've conducted extensive compensation surveys and have modified our wage rates to make sure that we're competitive with the marketplace. And every marketplace is different. We have also hired more people and dedicated more people to both the physician and nursing recruiting processes. And, finally I think we're very focused on the retention aspect and not just the recruiting aspect, because – for two reasons. I mean, obviously, to the degree that we're able to retain our nurses, we don't have to, by definition, recruit for their replacements. And to the degree that we recruit replacements, we want to make sure that they stay with us as long as they possibly can. And so our chief nursing officer in the behavioral division has focused a lot of her attention on a new and sort of reinvigorated onboarding process in which we're making sure that nurses are properly trained and have a clear career path and have the appropriate sort of mentoring resources dedicated to them, et cetera. So, as I said, in every market the approach is somewhat different, and it's tailored to the market. But it is by far sort of the number one focus of the operators in the behavioral division at this point.
Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you, Steve, for the color there.
Operator: And your next question comes from Chris Rigg with Susquehanna Financial.
Frank Lee - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi, this is Frank Lee on for Chris. Thanks for taking my question. The same-store revenue in the acute care business remained high in the quarter relative to the full-year outlook. Could you just provide a sense for how much of the volume growth was attributable to economic improvements in your markets versus increasing market share, or if there was any other unusual activity to call out there?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure, Frank. I mean, I think we have said, quite frankly, for the last few years that it's difficult to parse out acute care revenue improvement. Obviously a couple years ago, the real focus was on parsing out the ACA impact versus the economy, and I think clearly the ACA impact has shown diminishing returns for the last few years. We're still posting strong acute care volume numbers. Obviously, because we're the first report this quarter, I don't know how we'll compare with others, but my sense is these are still going to be fairly robust volumes, and I think what we've said all along is I think that we largely feel it's a function of the just strong local franchises that we have in markets like Las Vegas, Southern California, South Florida, and the economic improvement in those markets, but also our market position and our ability to take market share in those markets. I think it's very difficult to sort of parse the 4% improvement in same-store adjusted admissions among those various factors. Suffice it to say that we still think that's a pretty good number and well within our expectations.
Frank Lee - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay, thanks. And then the same-store operating margin in the acute care business was down year over year by a decent amount. Is that primarily related to some of the staffing shortage issues that you had discussed in the acute care side? And then can you talk about the progress that you've made on the initiatives that you've put in place to rectify those shortages? Thanks a lot.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, so I think – and we talked about this certainly last quarter and I think for several quarters really, again, beginning in the second half of last year. Look, I think that as a result of the improving U.S. economy and the improving economy in our local markets, we have seen a tightening of the available labor force in all or most of our markets. That tightening, I think, is manifested somewhat differently in the two divisions that we have. We just talked about on the behavioral side, quite frankly, we're just not able in some markets to find sufficient nurses and physicians. And as a consequence, we're forced to turn patients away. On the acute side, I think, it's manifested more prevalently in higher use of what we describe as premium pay, which would be overtime or shift differential payments that we make to our current employees or the use of temporary or agency nurses, where current employees are not available. And certainly that use of premium pay on the acute side has contributed to the margin pressure in Q2, as it did back in Q3 of last year. But I think we continue to sort of focus on that, and it got better in Q4 and Q1 of this year, and I think our sense is that we'll continue to focus on it and it is a solvable problem on the acute side. The one other comment I'll make on the acute side vis-à-vis margins is, while I think the volumes on the acute side were well within our expectations, the revenue per admission growth of 1.3% is probably 50, 75 basis points short of where we thought we'd be. I think that's a bit of a weaker patient mix, and that's mostly maybe a growth in uncompensated patients in the quarter, not by a material amount. But I think mostly the big change from Q1 is, in Q1, our other non-uncompensated volumes were just so strong, particularly our Medicare volumes were so strong, that they offset a bit of the uncompensated tick up in volumes. In Q2, as Medicare and other commercial volumes moderated some, the uncompensated rise had a bit more of an effect. So I think the staffing pressure or the premium pay pressure, along with the slight payer mix deterioration, probably explain the bulk of the pressure on acute care margins.
Frank Lee - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And your next question comes from Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. This is Tejus on for Matt. Thanks taking the question. Just to follow on acute care volumes. We were expecting them to moderate in 2Q, but was this in line with your expectations? Any additional weakness to call out? And then also anything you can talk about in terms of regional differences between, call it, Nevada and then more the Texas, Florida, California markets would be helpful.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure, Tejus. So our original guidance for the year was something like 6% acute care same-store revenue growth, and we broke that into components – pretty evenly broke that into pricing and volume. So the 4% same-store adjusted admission volume growth we saw in Q2 was, as I said, well within and frankly ahead of our expectations, while the pricing was slightly lower. But overall acute care revenues were pretty close to what we expected. In terms of regional differences, I think, most of – we clearly saw an overall moderation in acute care revenues in Q2 from the really extraordinary levels of Q1. We absolutely have said all along that's what we expected would happen. And obviously the Q2 performance is much closer to our original guidance. I think the regional commentary that we've given for probably a year now still holds in Q2 of this year, which is that markets like Vegas and California and Florida have been sort of overperformers, and the Texas markets, namely the South Texas markets and Amarillo, probably have been the weaker performers.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks very much. And can you touch on the other operating expenses; that looked like it increased this quarter.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I think those other operating expenses are distorted a little bit by the impact of our insurance company. We had about a $25 million to $30 million increase in both premium, revenue and in claims expense in the insurance company in this quarter. We record that in our acute care division, and we record the expenses specifically in other operating expenses. So I think if you adjust that $25 million to $30 million out of both revenue and other operating expenses, those numbers, at least for us, will certainly look like much more in line with expectations.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks. That's very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with BoA.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America: Good morning. This is actually Joanna Gajuk filling in for Kevin. Thanks for taking the question. So I just want to come back to the discussion about acute care volumes, which – to your point, it wasn't really surprising to see deceleration but actually deceleration from these very elevated numbers in Q1 was (19:51) deceleration might have been surprising to some. So can you just parse it out a little bit more in terms of the different sort of parts of your business? And specifically maybe talk about the surgery performance in Q2? Because I guess we're hearing from some of the medical device companies that the volumes decelerated in terms of surgeries, but the deceleration was not as dramatic. So just can you touch base or could we just talk a little bit about the surgeries, inpatient versus outpatient performance in the quarter?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure, Joanna. So our inpatient surgeries increased by about 2% in Q2 versus a 4% increase in Q1. And, again, I think we thought that 4% increase for inpatient surgeries was above what we thought we could sustain. The outpatient surgeries rose by about 7% in Q2, and that was pretty similar to the Q1 performance. So again, from my perspective, our surgical volumes in Q2 were very much in line with our expectations.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America: Great. And just touching based on the Vegas minority interest purchase and the impact specifically for the company. So Community kind of talked about maybe the annual impact of $60 million. So is it fair to kind of assume there's maybe $36 million impact for your interest on the minority interest since it's after taxes, is it roughly in the ballpark number annually?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. So let me just remind to everyone that, first of all, the transaction was not completed until the beginning of May. So we only have two months of the transaction's impact in the quarter, and we've estimated that the positive impact for us would be somewhere between $0.015 and $0.02 a month. And so we've got $0.03 to $0.04 in Q2 and $0.12 to $0.16 or so for the year, or for the eight months, that should be our favorable impact for the year.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America: So that's net of the higher interest expense? Because I guess there was also (22:04) debt, but you raised additional debt to fund the purchase of $400 million-plus – purchase. So is the $0.01 to $0.02 per month, is that net of that higher interest expense, or it's just -?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yes.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America: Okay.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yes. So it's the increase in earnings as a result of having the full impact of the Vegas earnings, less the interest expense on the $445 million to fund that buyout, and obviously also less the tax impact of the additional earnings.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America: Great. That's helpful. And on the last topic in terms of your UK business and the Brexit and your outlook there going forward for that part of the segment in terms of any currency things or impact on the actual business in terms of maybe any pressure on staffing there, or the government funding, so any color you might have on the UK business, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So, yeah, I mean, first of all, let me just kind of set the sort of relative importance of the UK to our consolidated results. As opposed to some of our peers, it's a relatively small footprint in the UK. About 2% to 3% of our consolidated revenues this year will come from the UK. We have said from the outset that our original investment in the UK, which is equal to roughly about $500 million or so, has been hedged, so from a currency risk perspective we are protected on currency fluctuations. Finally, I think, while obviously Brexit made a lot of headlines, I think in terms of its impact on the fundamentals of the behavioral business in the UK, it's had virtually none in the short run. In the longer term, we'll see. I think obviously, as you know, many, many details of the Brexit process have to be worked out involving labor – folks in the labor force, et cetera, so we'll see how that all plays out. But again, at the moment, no impact, and I think just keep in mind that it is a relatively immaterial part of our business.
Alan B. Miller - Universal Health Services, Inc.: We've done very well with regard to our acquisition. We paid reasonable prices for the acquisition both in Cygnet and Alpha, and we're very pleased with them. But it relates to how much you pay and how good is the management, and we've been pleased with what we have.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America: Great. And just very quickly on that point. It sounds like there could be some assets for sale in the UK, so would you be still interested to grow that business given the maybe special uncertainty around Brexit and whatnot that might happen?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I think it's premature to speculate, obviously. We don't know what assets might be for sale. I think it's always sort of a given that when assets are for sale, whether in the UK or in the U.S., and they're of a high quality, we're certainly interested in taking a look. But we don't even know what the specifics may be in the UK, so it's probably too early to comment.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America: Great. Thank you. That's all for me for now. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. You mentioned a weaker payer mix on the acute care side. Are there any numbers that you could share with us, Steve?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, uncompensated volumes were up probably kind of 2%, 2.5% in the quarter. Honestly, I think they were up by a similar amount in Q1. As I think I said earlier, I think the difference was in Q1 other volumes were just so strong that they tended to really offset any impact of that increase. I think the other sort of commentary I'd make about uncompensated care in general is we take our total uncompensated care – all of which we disclosed in the press release, the bad debt, the charity care, the uninsured discount – and we take that total number and compare it to our gross revenue, which I know is generally not a metric most people use very much. But I think from our perspective it takes into account the gross pricing impact that runs through those numbers. And while our second quarter uncompensated care experience was measurably higher than last year's second quarter, it's still lower than it was in the back half of last year. And so I think our general notion is that we're seeing kind of a slight uptick in uncompensated care, but it's reasonably steady over the last three or four quarters.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Any reason to think that the trend in the second half of the year will be different? Do you feel like you're seeing pressure earlier this year and that it's going to continue, or that this is just sort of an anomaly?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. Look, as Yogi Berra always said, it's hard to predict the future. But, look, I think our general sense is that we may see a continued uptick incrementally in uncompensated care. It doesn't have the feel to us of a big measurable change. But payer mix is probably the element of our business that's most difficult to project. So I don't want to make too many really definitive statements in that regard.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then maybe just a follow-up on the IMD exclusion. Are you seeing anything yet? I realize it's still pretty early. And then maybe just comment on that in light of the comments or the issues with hiring psychiatrists. Do you think that that is going to prevent you from seeing any benefit with regards to that?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I mean, I think we've consistently said, Gary, that we view the IMD benefit as a meaningful one but also one that will be impactful and have an impact on us over time and also will be part of kind of our broader efforts to penetrate the acute care hospital segment of the behavioral industry – that is, acute care hospitals who have their own behavioral units. I think your first comment is absolutely right. I mean, we're sort of two or three weeks into the effective date of the new IMD managed Medicaid rule, and I think any commentary or any reaction we'd have at this point would be purely anecdotal. I think honestly we've always had the view that probably the biggest impact doesn't start to occur even until the beginning of next year, when managed care plans have all their new plans in place and start to direct and redirect business in different ways. But I think, finally, I think the other comment that we've made on previous calls and I think we're still very much believers in, is that I think we believe that the IMD or we view the lifting of the IMD exclusion in the broader context of our very pervasive and very aggressive program to try and collaborate with acute care hospitals around the country and to help gain access to their behavioral units. And obviously the lifting of the IMD exclusion removes one of the hurdles that I think has always prevented that from happening in a pervasive way. But, again, I think that whole process is one that will continue to take place and continue to have an impact for many years to come.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Whit Mayo with Robert W. Baird.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey, thanks. Just have a couple quick ones. Steve, I don't know if you gave any comments around just surgery trends, ED trends, and outpatient visits in the quarter.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So I did comment on the surgery trends, Whit; you can just go back and look at that. On the ED side, I think our ED visits were up 1% or 2%, which is a kind of moderation from where we were in the first quarter but pretty consistent with our overall sort of admission number moderation, and outpatient visits were up in the 5% to 7% range. Again, that's fairly consistent with our first quarter results.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got it. And any update on Henderson and just the timing of the opening? I heard you say the fourth quarter, but should we expect any start-up, or pre-opening expenses this year, or – ?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Whit, Whit -
Alan B. Miller - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Speak up.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Can I ask you to repeat that? I didn't hear you.
Alan B. Miller - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Please speak up.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Sorry about that, Alan. Just wanted an update on Henderson, the timing of the opening. I heard you say that it'll be in the fourth quarter but didn't know if we should anticipate any pre-opening expenses this year or if that will be more 2017.
Alan B. Miller - Universal Health Services, Inc.: The opening ceremony is October 6, and we'll be taking patients shortly thereafter. We are very excited about it. We've been very good in that area. One of the good areas – Temecula, which we opened a couple of years ago, has just been – exceeded all of our expectations. Henderson completes our coverage of the market. We're very excited about that. And we opened a Spring Valley tower, and that's now in operation, so we're really looking forward to success in Las Vegas in addition to what we have currently.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: And, Whit, just to answer your specific pre-opening questions, so as part of our 2016 guidance we said that there'd be a $10 million EBITDA drag from Henderson in the back half of the year, both in Q3 pre-opening costs and then in Q4 opening losses. That number frankly just mechanically will be a little bit larger because it didn't originally contemplate the fact that we buy out the Community interest, so it's probably $2 million or $3 million higher than that, but that hasn't changed, and that was in our original guidance.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And just last one. I know you don't provide quarterly guidance, but the Street has had a historical tendency to get ahead of your internal budgets in the second half and prior year, so just any comments or observations would be helpful. Thanks, Steve.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Look, I'll just talk about the trajectory of the year from our perspective. We talked in the first quarter about the fact that we were ahead of our own internal budget, but I think that we also conceded that the results in Q1 were further ahead of consensus than they were of our own internal budget. I think in Q2 we were pretty close to the Street consensus. So I think our view is if we continue to meet our own internal modeling and expectations in the back half of the year, with the benefit of the Community buyout impact, which was not contemplated in our original guidance, we should still be very comfortably in our guidance range, probably close to the upper half of that guidance.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joshua Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Maybe just taking a step back on the psych business, the trends have looked relatively similar to acute the last several quarters, and I think the historical perspective is the psych business has been a better growth business and more opportunity. And I'm curious if you feel like we've seen sort of more of a maturation of that business. And I guess as you guys think about your valuations when you're looking at assets, what do you think in terms of valuations for psych assets versus acute care assets, and do you still think the growth dynamics in psych are noticeably different than acute care going forward?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I'd answer the question, Josh, in a couple of different ways. I mean, one is, in terms of the growth prospects of this business – the behavioral business, that is – we remain fairly bullish, and that is because, as I indicated in earlier remarks, we believe that there's demonstrated demand for this business. And quite frankly I think there are a number of dynamics that would suggest that that demand does nothing but increase. We could have a whole long conversation about that, but things like the incidence of addiction illness and the need for addiction treatment and the opioid epidemic in the U.S. and the continued incidence of mental health issues in the elderly population, there's just a whole host of reasons to believe that, I think, the demand for mental health services is going to increase. And in fact we believe we demonstrate that in our hospitals. We've been unable to demonstrate it in our financial results because of this clinician shortage. I think we have the view that in the short run we will make inroads and significant inroads in that clinician shortage in the short run. And in the long run, the market itself will correct for this, as it has when the acute business suffered through a nursing shortage some 10 years ago. And just nurse salaries went up and more people enrolled in nursing schools, and the supply and demand balance sort of was restored. And I think the same thing will happen here, both with psychiatrists and with nurses on the behavioral side. In terms of commenting on valuations of the two businesses, I think it's difficult for us to do. We clearly look at individual acquisition opportunities on a standalone, discrete basis and the growth potential in an individual behavioral facility or individual behavioral company versus an acute is really dependent on the markets they're in, what their specific market position is, what the strategies are for growth, et cetera. So we certainly don't go into any acquisition, either acute or behavioral, with a notion of kind of there's a fixed sort of a valuation that make sense. I do think UHS has a reputation for being fairly judicious in its acquisitions and its deployment of capital. I don't see that judiciousness changing, but I think it's a market-by-market issue.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. And then so, Steve, one of the health plans yesterday made comments around some higher-than-expected costs in substance abuse. They were talking about I think mostly exchange patients and individual patients. I think there was a lot more focus on the West Coast with some of that. Are you guys seeing anything in terms of substance abuse upticks or anything in the exchange membership where you guys think you're seeing a little bit better volumes?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I mean, as I said, Josh, I think that there's all sorts of data out there that suggests that both the incidence of addiction illness and obviously the corresponding demand for addiction treatment is growing. I think when that happens – when there's a growing demand for a particular service, the payers start to focus on it more. I think one way that we're seeing that manifested is I think the payers are more focused on this whole out-of-network segment of the addiction treatment business. I think a bunch of companies have grown up around that model. We were very targeted, or we made a very targeted decision, when we bought Foundations, that they were a company that had both out-of-network and in-network business, split pretty evenly, and that they in our minds and I think we've seen them in the short time we've owned them navigate very freely between sort of the two segments. So if this business shifts to more of an in-network model, we think we'll be prepared to make that transition more easily than a number of these other companies that have focused almost exclusively on that out-of-network model.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That makes sense. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Ransom with Raymond James.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Kind of going back to a topic. Obviously, there was a big difference in your bad debt expense in 1Q and 2Q. I know you called out the higher uninsured. Your internal model for the back half of the year, how should we think about the bad debt number relative to what you experienced in 1Q and 2Q?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So what I was saying before, John, is that I think our uncompensated volumes have been growing in the first half of the year by – in that kind of 2%, 2.5% range, and I think that's consistent with what our model for the year is, and that's I think we would, if pressed, suggest is what we would expect in the back of the year.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So does that mean a high 8%'s or a low 7%'s (39:52) bad debt? That's what I was trying to figure out. I was looking at the percentage number, and it was obviously a lot higher in the second quarter than the first quarter.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, so two things. I mean, one is, as I suggested in some comments earlier, we really don't look at bad debt on its own. I think you have to look at it in combination with charity care and uninsured discount.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: And again, I mean, I think the way that I sort of think about it, John, is I'm back to we talked about acute care revenue growth, net revenue growth, which is after bad debt and after charity care and uninsured discount, of about 3% for the year. And I think that's what I would guide people to think about for the back half of the year.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: And that would take into account the growth in uncompensated volumes.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. And then just to go back to the – I mean, congrats on the Community deal, obviously accretive. How do you think about the – I was a little curious about the cash flow impact of that deal. Was Community just getting a chunk of the earnings and you had all the CapEx, or is there a cash flow obligation that you pick up moving to 100% ownership? I just wasn't exactly sure how the cash flows worked in that deal.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So it was mostly, John, a cash flow deal. That is, Community's 27 roughly percent interest was in the cash flow of the joint venture, both the earnings and the capital expenditures. So you are correct that, as we move forward, we'll have a larger share of the CapEx there. Now, obviously we've just finished up a significant – and Alan commented on a couple of very large projects that are just finishing up.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Right.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So I think we're going to return to, at least in the short run, a bit more of a normalized CapEx spend in that market. But, yes, we'll now have 100% of it.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So when we think about your purchase multiple, it's really an EBITDA kind of purchase multiple, not a pre-tax earnings purchase multiple or something like that?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: I think that's right.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Hi, everybody. First of all, maybe just quickly on the – your cash flow number was good, your debt-to-EBITDA is down at 2.2 times, which I think is sort of below the low end of your target. Any thoughts on capital deployment from here? I know you got asked about the Acadia potential divestures, but more broadly, acquisition pipeline versus opportunities for share repurchase, given where you're at and the capital base?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure, A.J. I mean, look, you've heard me say this before, and I'll repeat it just because it's true, and that is acquisition spending is probably the most difficult aspect of our business to predict. So as we sort of try and measure what sort of opportunities we have, that's sometimes difficult to do, but we've been an aggressive acquirer of our shares over the last, I would say, six or nine months. We have tried to be an opportunistic acquirer, and I think we'll continue to do that in the future and take advantages when we think the stock is at a particularly valuable level. So, as you suggest, we certainly have the financial flexibility to do all that, to respond to opportunities as they arise but also to continue to be an aggressive acquirer of our own shares.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And I thought I'd just ask maybe on the payer side, both from the managed care and the government side. On the managed care side, any update on how contracting's going for 2017 at this point? I know it's early, but typically you have a fair number of contracts reworked. Any change in approach you're seeing from pricing or terms that they're asking for? And then I would probably also ask you, on the Medicare side, there seems to be this push toward bundled payments. Have you had any experience so far? I know they rolled out the joint replacement bundle payment in April. So it's still fairly early, but just any early experience on that?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: So I think we feel, A.J., that we're prepared for what I think we view as sort of the inexorable move to more risk shifting, which would include more bundled payment – methodology payments. We were volunteers in some of the early Medicare demonstration programs. We can remain in some of those. We've exited some. I think it's a developing and a continually evolving area. But I think we have worked now for probably the last two or three years to make sure that we're prepared for it. And so I think we remain prepared. Obviously, Medicare announced just within the last couple of days an expansion of their bundled payment program, but a number of the details, I think, are still somewhat fuzzy. So it's difficult to, again, make any precise predictions. As far as managed care contracting, I think we're probably still 45, 60 days away from the real sort of height of the 2017 renegotiation process. But I would suggest that we're not seeing huge changes, either in our rates or in the structure of those contracts from what we've been experiencing over the last few years.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Ana Gupte with Leerink.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah, thanks. Hi, Steve. Good morning. The question I had – and I wonder if anybody explored this; I'm just a little late to the call – is on connecting the dots between your deterioration in bad debt from 1Q to 2Q, and again the same thing on your acute volumes. Does that give you pause around what the driver of the volumes is? Are you still thinking this is economic rebound rather than exchanges? Which seems like the more obvious thing given the tick up in membership in the first quarter, and it's consistent with what the managed care companies are complaining about and where the claims costs are being incurred.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, Ana, I think we have touched on it. I'll just reiterate a little bit of what I've said before. I mean I think we're running about 2% to 2.5% increase in uninsured volumes. I think that's consistent with what our original guidance and original model was. So, no, I mean, I think – and we talked at great length in Q1, when we really had extraordinary acute care volumes – that those were largely driven by Medicare volumes. And I think that was reflected in our very strong pricing. The moderation in our Medicare volumes in Q2 has caused the pricing to again step back some. But I think we're largely in line in Q2 with what we expected to be our overall same-store acute care pricing. So from my perspective, I'm not sure that there are any sort of sinister dots to connect, but we'll certainly see how this continues to play out.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. But did you see anything specific in terms of geographies? You had pretty solid year-over-year growth. Now I'm just trying to compare to the baseline in 2015 and 1Q relative to 2Q. So was it just about comps, or was it something else? I guess that it's tough to look at the actual (47:42) numbers, but -
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Well, again, I mean, I'll just remind people that in first quarter our acute care same-store revenue grew by 12%. That's about as an extraordinary number as you're going to find, and I think anybody who had the expectation that we could sustain a number like that was simply kidding themselves, and we certainly didn't encourage people to think that way. So when we moderate to something closer to 7% in Q2, again, I think that's going to wind up being a number that's going to be pretty competitive amongst our peers – we'll see – but doesn't reflect any significant or unexpected changes in payer mix.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: And then on the outpatient side, just a final question on this. The theme again has always been from the insurers that this mix shifting is to outpatient. It feels like there's a accelerated mix shift to outpatient surgery, or even ambulatory surgery as ortho procedures and cardio and all are just seeing more convenience and ease in an ambulatory setting. Are you seeing something that points to something structural in this arena and going forward that might actually really put pressure on the inpatient side? And then connecting it to the value-based care question earlier that the incentives will be far more to try to mitigate costs with a risk-sharing reimbursement mechanism over time in acute.
Alan B. Miller - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Jesus.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: We certainly have seen the continued shift to outpatient that, as you suggest, I think, virtually every provider in America has recognized. Again, I'm just going to go back and say that even with that continued shift, which has been underway for years now, the 4% same-store adjusted admission growth in Q2 is certainly well within our expectations and I think is a reflection of even with that shift to outpatient that we're still seeing growth on the inpatient side for all the reasons that I described before: strong franchises, taking market share from competitors, recovering economies, et cetera. So, yeah, I mean, we see that same dynamic that everybody else sees, but we're still posting pretty good inpatient numbers at the same time.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Got it. Thanks for the perspective. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Good morning. Steve, just want to go back to uncompensated care and bad debt. I mean, is it all uninsured, or are you seeing any sort of bad debt creep in the uncollectible from out-of-pocket that might be having an impact versus just the uninsured and any changes to your collection percentages that you've seen?
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Sure, Ralph, and again, this is a trend, I think, that has now been underway for a while now. There's no question that over the last few years, the amount of the hospital bill that is due from the patient because of copays and deductibles has grown, and as a consequence the amount we collect on that portion of the bill has declined. So 10 years ago, we collected 55% to 60% of the patient portion of the bill, and today that number's probably dropped to 45%. That's been a gradual change; we've accounted for it. It has contributed to some degree to the rise in uncompensated care, but I think we've also always said that two-thirds of our overall uncompensated care numbers are the result of those who purely have no insurance, and I think that remains largely the case.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. All right, that's helpful. And then I joined the call a little late; I'm not sure if you had mentioned this. Did you give exchange volume in the quarter or growth you think that the exchanges had? I know it's a small number, but just if you had that.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. We didn't, and I don't think we ever have, in large part, because in contrast with some of our peers I think we have always viewed it as a relatively difficult thing to do with precision, to identify patients who have exchange coverage versus those who might have just regular commercial coverage.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. All right, fair enough. And then just last one, your other revenue within acute seems to be sort of ramping. I know it's a small piece, but I think that's the health plan business. So can you maybe just talk about the growth there in terms of capturing lives, I guess, and maybe refresh us on the strategy there? Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Yeah. So we acquired a health plan, a provider-based health plan in the Reno market, just about two years ago at this point. I did comment before that we had about a $25 million to $30 million increase in the quarter in both premium revenues and other operating expenses. The rationale for acquiring that business, which we have talked about on previous calls, more so at the time that we made the acquisition, is really to prepare for this risk shifting that several of the last questions have focused on. But as more of the risk shifts to the provider, we will have to shift our focus to more of sort of an underwriting exercise, and we think that having that insurance infrastructure and that insurance expertise is helpful when you're doing that sort of analysis, and that continues to be our belief.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we have no other questions in queue at this time.
Steve G. Filton - Universal Health Services, Inc.: Okay. Well, we thank everybody for their time this morning and look forward to speaking with everyone next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Universal Health Services First Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And Mr. Steve Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve Filton: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. We welcome you to this review of Universal Health Services results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016. During the conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecast projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend the careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $1.93 for the quarter. After adjusting for the depreciation and amortization expense associated with the implementation of electronic health records applications at our acute care hospitals, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $1.98 for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. On a same facility basis in our acute division, revenues increased 12% during the first quarter of 2016. The increase resulted primarily from a 7.8% increase in adjusted admissions and a 3% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals increased to 21.1% during first quarter of 2016 from 20.5% during the first quarter of 2015. On a same facility basis, revenues in our behavioral health division increased 3.5% during the first quarter of 2016. Adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 1.4% and adjusted patient days increased 1.0% over the prior-year first quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 2.2% during the first quarter of 2016 over the comparable prior-year quarter. On a same facility basis, operating margins for our behavioral health division decreased to 27.8% during the quarter ended March 31, 2016, as compared to 28.4% during the comparable prior-year period. Our cash provided by operating activities increased 71% to approximately $464 million during the first quarter of 2016 as compared to $271 million in the first quarter of 2015. Our accounts receivable days outstanding declined to 51 days during the first quarter of 2016, and our ratio of debt-to-total capitalization decreased to 43.3% at March 31, 2016 as compared to 44.6% at March 31, 2015. We spent $127 million on capital expenditures during the first quarter of 2016. Included in our capital expenditures were the construction costs related to the ongoing construction of a new 142-bed hospital in Henderson, Nevada, which is scheduled to open in the fourth quarter of this year. During the first quarter, we opened a total of 182 new behavioral health beds, including 57 beds opened at a new de novo hospital located in Oklahoma and 125 beds opened at some of our busiest facilities. Many behavioral health construction projects are underway, including six new de novo hospitals totaling 562 beds. In February of 2016, our board of directors authorized a $400 million increase to our stock repurchase program, which increased the aggregate authorization to $800 million. In conjunction with this program, during the first quarter of 2016 we repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares of our stock at an aggregate cost of $152 million or approximately $113 per share. Since inception of the program through March 31, 2016, we have repurchased approximately 3.2 million shares at an aggregate cost of $377 million or approximately $117 per share. Alan and I will be pleased to answer questions at this time. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Tejus Ujjani: Hi. This is Tejus here joining on for Matt. Thanks for taking the question. Regarding behavioral, you'd mentioned a shortage of psychiatrists last quarter that led you to turn away patients. Can you provide any update on that? As well as any increase in expense to attract and retain these doctors?
Steve Filton: Sure. So, if you look at the behavioral revenue growth for the quarter of about 3.5%, it's pretty consistent of what we were running in the back half of 2015. And I think many of the same dynamics are in place. We had a pretty tough comparison in the first quarter of 2016. So we were not really disappointed with those numbers. They met our expectations, and our behavioral results in general were very much in line with our budget for the quarter. But we continue to face both psychiatrist, nursing and other clinician shortages in some of our markets. And in some cases, that is muting or depressing what would otherwise, we think, be higher demand and higher volumes. We have a number of initiatives in place to try and rectify those dynamics in those situations. And we believe, as we said at the end of the year that our behavioral revenue growth should increase as the year goes on, as those comparisons become easier and as some of those initiatives begin to get more traction.
Tejus Ujjani: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg with Susquehanna Financial.
Frank Lee: Hi. This is Frank Lee on for Chris. Thanks for taking my question. Same-store revenue in the acute care business was very strong in the quarter. Do you have a sense for how much of the growth was attributable to economic improvements in your market or increasing market share? And then are you able to size the impact of the leap year for the quarter?
Steve Filton: Yeah. Look, I think it's always difficult to precisely size the impact of leap year. I think on an admissions basis, the extra day just mathematically gives you about 3% more admissions. But in terms of overall revenue, it's a little bit harder to do. Obviously, however you slice it, the revenue growth in the acute care division for the quarter was extremely strong and well in excess of the 6% revenue growth that we anticipated in our guidance and in our budget for the year. Again, I think it's difficult to parse that growth out into individual pieces. We still continue to get some benefit from the ACA and expanded Medicaid enrollment and new commercial exchange enrollment, although certainly that benefit is diminishing now that we're into its third year. We continue to benefit as our markets improve economically, and that certainly continues as well. But I think one of the most encouraging aspects of the quarter from our perspective is the single biggest admission growth for us was in our Medicare payer class. And in theory, Medicare patients are probably largely unimpacted by both the ACA dynamics and by an improving economy. And so I think what that's reflective of is just general strength of the franchises that we're operating in our local markets and the initiatives that our operators have put in place for some time now to create more and more physician integration in our markets, to focus on really important service lines to us like orthopedics and cardiology, and to really just focus on business development. I think that we have had for four or five quarters among the industry-leading admissions from an acute care perspective. And while I know the other companies have yet to report, my guess is we'll certainly be in that position again this quarter.
Frank Lee: Okay. Thanks. And then the bad debt bed ratio was pretty flat year-over-year after a few quarters of volatility. Do you think that the bad debt has stabilized at this point? And do you have a view on where that will go for the rest of the year?
Steve Filton: Always difficult, as Yogi Bear would say, to predict the future. But for us I think, again, very strong payer mix in the first quarter, Medicare admission growth growing faster than our overall admissions, Medicaid growing at about the same pace as our overall admissions, commercial admissions growing slightly lower, but uninsured admissions flat to actually slightly down and obviously that is an extremely favorable payer mix. Again, hard to say exactly how sustainable that is, but I think we generally feel like the acute care business is running very strongly at the moment, and certainly makes our sense of what was possible in our guidance and in our budget seem extremely achievable at this point.
Frank Lee: Okay. Thanks on lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Joanna Gajuk: Hey. Good morning. This is Joanna Gajuk filling in for Kevin today. Thanks for taking the questions. So, just coming back to the previous commentary around strengthening the volumes in acute care business, so that was really helpful. But also, can you talk about the markets because, I guess, seems like Vegas, I guess, was indicated that things are going well there. So anything that changed maybe in other markets or should we just think about all the trends in 2016 in terms of strong Nevada and California and Texas not that strong, and any color in terms of market performance on acute care pricing?
Steve Filton: Sure, Joanna. I mean I think that the practical reality is when you post revenue numbers as strong as we did in Q1, the strength by definition has to be pretty pervasive. It's almost impossible for a single market to drive those kinds of overall strong numbers. Generally, however, I would just sort of comment that many of the trends that we've remarked on in recent quarters have remained in place. You alluded to the fact that our Vegas market has been performing quite well, and that continued into Q1. Our Southern California market has also performed very well. Our Temecula Hospital, which is now in its third year of operation, is performing particularly well, and that's driving some very strong numbers out of Riverside County, California. Washington, DC, has been a strong market for us and was in Q1. We see some weakness in the South Texas markets, which we've remarked on previously, although even their volume numbers were certainly improved in Q1 as well.
Joanna Gajuk: Great. And then, turning the topic a little bit on the behavioral side, I guess in terms of the recent circulation or rather the final regs from CMS regarding managed Medicaid and allowing plans to pay for behavioral health in freestanding facilities. So, when we think about it, how are you going to think about these changes taking effect in reality for you specifically? How long, I guess, it would take for the full patterns really to change? Should we think that this would take a year or longer in terms of how it would actually be reflective in your operations?
Steve Filton: Well, again I think, Joanna, our commentary on the lifting of the IMD exclusion has been I think reasonably consistent over time and that is we, I think, like others in the freestanding behavioral industry, view the lifting of the IMD exclusion certainly as a positive development, albeit one that will show its impact or reflect its impact gradually over time. It will require some effort to get access to this patient population. And I think we've always said, it's difficult to quantify what the potential benefit will be at the outset. But we I think share what is generally a consensus view that the benefit and the potential benefit is significant. I'll also make the point, and I know we've talked about this a number of times previously, that we view the lifting of the IMD exclusion and our ability to take these patients that have previously been seen in acute care hospitals with behavioral units in a broader context of trying to integrate with the behavioral units in acute care hospitals in our markets for all their patients. We have opened over the course of the last few years a number of leased units that we are – leased behavioral units that we are leasing from some big not-for-profit acute care hospital systems around the country. We have a number of other similar conversations underway to accomplish the same thing. And while the lifting of the IMD exclusion might help accelerate and expedite those conversations because now we can treat adult Medicaid patients as well, most of those conversations are even broader than that and include Medicare patients, they include commercial patients. And frankly, we view that overall as one of the most significant business development opportunities for our behavioral hospitals over the course of the next few years. So it's an important development, but I think one that fits into really kind of an overall strategy that we're extremely enthusiastic about.
Joanna Gajuk: Right now, we agree that those changes will take time till it'll be very positive. But then I guess on the flip side, the commentary around the continued shortage of clinicians on the behavioral side, I guess, with those changes and potential I guess for additional volumes coming your way, would I guess the shortage make things I guess more difficult when this is really happening where you have the IMD exclusion. But then this would actually create more pressure on labor. Is that the way you think about it? Or do you kind of think that there are some [indiscernible] in terms of the shortage to kind of moderate or rather be able to offset that?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I'm going to answer the question quickly, because I want to give others on the call a chance to ask their questions as well. But I think the issue to keep in mind is that this adult Medicaid population that's affected by the IMD for the most part is currently being treated. They're being treated in acute care hospitals with behavioral units, and there is staff, there are nurses, there are psychiatrists in place today treating those patients. So we can reach agreement with acute care hospitals in our markets to get access to those patients, whether we lease the beds or manage the units, or joint venture the units, or they close their units. The presumption, I think on our part and what has played out at least in our initial conversations, is we will have access not only to the patients, but also to the clinicians who are treating those patients. So it's not as if we will have an incremental need to hire staff to treat those patients. So, can we move on to the next...
Joanna Gajuk: Great. Thanks a lot.
Steve Filton: Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Paula Torch with Avondale Partners.
Paula Torch: Thank you. Good morning. I'd like to start my first question on the strong acute care metrics. I wonder, Steve, can you talk about the pace of volumes throughout the quarter and maybe if we saw a pickup through to March and has that momentum continued into 2Q?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I think, Paula, our experience, what seems to me was the shared sort of industry experience based on commentary I've heard from others and some of the surveys that I saw during the quarter, the quarter got off to a relatively slow start I think probably as a result of a very late flu season. Volumes picked up in maybe later January and then February. And then at least for us, March was a very strong month. Again, we do get the benefit of the leap year day and some of the calendar timing with Easter and Good Friday, et cetera. But also, I think it's early in the second quarter but most of the trends seem to be holding up reasonably well. Again, I'm not about to predict that we can sustain that sort of really remarkable acute care growth we saw in Q1, but we feel just good generally about how things are going in our markets and how strong the underlying business is.
Paula Torch: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then on behavioral, certainly a nice uptick year-over-year in the net revenue per patient or adjusted admission, but maybe not as much as we were expecting given the easier compare. So can you maybe give us some color on what drove that? It seems like the results met your expectations, but just wondering what gives you the confidence to be able to reach sort of your 5% same-store revenue growth in 2016, which would certainly imply a ramp up from here. Thank you.
Steve Filton: Sure. So you're absolutely right, Paula. It implies a ramp, and for those who remember, I think we specifically talked about that in our year-end call, saying that we believe that the 5% behavioral growth was achievable, but would likely be somewhat lower in the first half of the year when comparisons were more difficult than while we were implementing and trying to gain tractions on some of our recruitment strategies and strategies to fill those nurse and psychiatrist vacancies. And then the second half of the year would become easier to achieve the 5% and probably exceed it, as the comparisons became easier and those initiatives got traction. So, again, from our own perspective, the Q1 behavioral performance was almost precisely in line. And obviously that provides us with a challenge to improve as the year goes on, but that's the way – that was our expectation of the way the year would play out.
Paula Torch: Okay. Thanks. Can I squeeze one more in? If not, I'll move on.
Steve Filton: Quickly, quickly.
Paula Torch: Okay. Sure. So, just your occupancy in behavioral, I think it was about 76%. So this still shows some room there with the beds you currently have and you're adding another 500 beds throughout the rest of the year. So, wondering how we should think about filling those beds? Is there a potential to fill them with Medicaid Advantage (sic) [Medicare Advantage] lives or is the mix really going to be more towards doing some of these JV partnerships with not-for-profits? I'm just wondering how you can leverage your current bed occupancy versus having to add new beds for this new volume that's going to be coming into the system.
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, I mean, if you go back and look, you will see that our occupancy percentage in the behavioral business in that sort of high-70%, 76%, 77% range, has really been very consistent, I would say, for the last seven years or eight years. And what that means is that during that period, we've been adding beds fairly aggressively. And, obviously, the implication is we are filling those beds as quickly as we're adding them and maintaining our occupancy percentage. The reason we're adding beds with a 76% occupancy level is because in markets and in situations, we're clearly turning away patients because of volume constraints. And the economics of it are such that after you turn away more than just a handful of patients, it almost always makes sense to add beds. And so we continue to do that. Now, I will say that in my remarks where I talked about, for instance, the de novo development projects, those projects were undertaken really without regard to the IMD exclusion. Obviously, these have been under development for some time. And so those projects are all in our minds justified by the demand in those markets regardless of whether or not there is sort of incremental demand associated with the IMD. So, as I said, I mean, in some ways, I think those are sort of discrete kind of activities. I think we think that the overall demand for behavioral has been strong, continues to be strong. We're going to add beds to meet that. And at the same time, we're going to continue these conversations with acute care hospitals in our market to get access to their behavioral patients and all their behavioral patients, not just their adult Medicaid patients, but their commercial and their Medicare and any other patients as well.
Paula Torch: Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citigroup.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. Steve, is it your sense that market growth within your geographic regions are just experiencing sort of similar levels of growth or can you share any sort of market dynamics you can point to on why you may be growing disproportionately faster than others, whether it be struggles of other maybe not-for-profits, maybe hospital closures? Anything along those lines that you can kind of point to above and beyond obviously your own initiatives?
Steve Filton: Sure, Ralph. Look, I think, it's a combination of both. I mean, we've talked about this certainly before that. Obviously, we are in some markets that were hit fairly hard during the recession three years or four years ago. Las Vegas, Southern California, South Florida had disproportionately higher unemployment rates in those markets than the national average, et cetera. And so, as those markets have recovered, I think we have benefited economically disproportionately perhaps than some of our peers. But I think, at the same time, and I think the strong start to 2016 really belies this idea that as the ACA benefit has really sort of largely anniversaried itself, as the economic improvement has largely anniversaried itself, I think what you're seeing in the beginning of 2016 is the strengthening of our franchises in those now very healthy markets, et cetera. We've been working a lot over the last few years to shore up our physician relationships and our physician integration arrangements, acquiring practices and integrating in other ways, focusing on certain service lines. And I think that's all really starting to pay dividends. And, again, I'll highlight what I did earlier in an earlier response, which is when that growth is in Medicare, I think it's a reflection of the fact that we're probably gaining market share, since that's not a patient population that is inherently growing or seeing more demand, et cetera. So we have not historically sort of really tried to parse out market-by-market market share data. But I think we generally feel that in most of these markets that are performing well, not only are the markets doing well, but that we're gaining market share in those markets as well.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. All right. That's fair. And then, I mean I guess that brings up sort of the – what you see on sort of the acquisition opportunity side? I mean, to the extent that you are seeing struggles, yet you haven't done an acute care acquisition in a while. I mean do you think those opportunities are going to present? Or do you think that maybe people aren't growing as much as you may or others maybe not be growing as much as you are now, but they're still showing healthy growth and so you think there's still a reluctance to have sort of willing sellers out there?
Steve Filton: Look, I think we've said and you have heard me say for the last several quarters that the pace of activity, particularly on the acute care M&A side, has picked up. Now that means conversations and processes, et cetera. And our experience is, on the acute side that takes some time. These are largely not-for-profits that are being sold and their decision-making process tends to be somewhat elongated. But we've said for some time we're confident that there will be opportunities. There'll be compelling opportunities. And as I sit here today, I'll say with even greater confidence that I think we will definitely have opportunities in 2016 to deploy capital in the acute care space that we will find compelling, and I believe others will as well.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. That's helpful. Last quick one, just to clarify. Did you mention – did you say that you thought the leap day impact was a 3% benefit to volume or was there other factors that maybe drove 3% growth?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, I mean, basically all I'm saying is, if you have 90 days in the quarter and there's an extra day, it's a little over 3% just natural admission growth that you're likely to see. But it's also a little bit hard to then sort of parse that into a revenue piece because obviously not all of our revenue reimbursement is on a per-day basis. So the comment that I was making before was mostly about admission growth and the metrics, the cosmetics of those metrics.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. And maybe we could follow up offline. I just – I mean I think we typically take a bit as just 1 day over 90 days sort of just 1%, maybe 2%. So it just seemed a little bit high. But we can maybe follow up offline. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with Robert Baird.
Whit Mayo: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. Steve, can you talk a little bit about surgery and any particular strength in any service lines in the quarter, including ER? And then maybe just touch on behavioral and health, your acute psych versus RTC volumes that are trending?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, on the acute side, generally I would say that besides that sort of payer mix commentary that I've offered before, we've seen extreme strength in our surgical volumes. I think that in-patient surgeries were up something like 4% in the quarter. Out-patient surgeries were up like 7%, which was again some of the strongest surgical growth we've seen. Our Medicare case mix index was among the highest we've ever seen. I think that's reflective obviously of the surgical volume and continued a trend that we saw in Q4. So, obviously, I think beyond the volume strength which we've already commented on, we're seeing a lot of sort of high quality revenue and high acuity revenue strength as well. On the behavioral side, I will say, I mean the one sort of issue between the acute and the residential business is the residential business is not subject I think nearly as much to this whole psychiatrist shortage issue. So the residential admissions have probably held in a little bit stronger than the acute admissions. And frankly, I think, at least from a cosmetic perspective that tends to hurt us, because at least of the public companies we tend to have a behavioral revenue sort of profile that is weighted more to the acute rather than to the residential business.
Whit Mayo: And sort of ER trends in the quarter?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I think ER trends, I'm sorry, Whit, are pretty consistent with the overall volume trends. In the markets where we're seeing significant admission growth, we're seeing generally some fairly high ER growth. I will say that in a couple of markets where we are seeing more of a proliferation of urgent care and FED-type development, freestanding ED development, we've seen our ED visits go down a little bit, but honestly our admissions in most of those markets are un-impacted as we continue to get those admissions through our hospitals.
Whit Mayo: And maybe just on medical admission, short stay, observational, any change in the trend line there?
Steve Filton: I think those trends have remained fairly constant.
Whit Mayo: Got it. And my last question is just back on the IMD. And my understanding is that the rule is effective this July allowing health plans to contract with providers. Is that your understanding as well? And from a practical standpoint, when do you think you could actually take admissions of this patient population?
Steve Filton: I think your interpretation is correct, Whit, in the sense that I believe what the rule provides for is that states have the option of lifting the IMD exclusion and effectively allowing freestanding facilities to begin to take these patients as early as July. Again, it's at the state's option and we're not sure exactly what each state will do. But we are anticipating that at least in some geographies we'll be able to begin to have access to those patients as early as July.
Whit Mayo: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A. J. Rice with UBS.
Rice: Hi, everybody. Thanks for the question. First of all, I guess I'll ask on the cost trends on the acute side. So I know sometimes when you have strong volume, you get the leverage of your existing SWB base as well as supplies, et cetera, flowing through the margin side. And then sometimes the growth in volume is strong for an extended period and you start having to add staff or scramble even to get staff. Where are you at on that spectrum? I mean, how would you put that other quarter in context for that maybe a little bit?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, in the back half of 2015, A. J., we talked about the idea that there was certainly some pressure on salary and wages within the acute division, not so much in terms of head count or numbers of employees, but in what we describe as premium pay, which would include things like the use of temporary nurses and over time for our own staff, et cetera. I think while we've made some improvement in that regard, we continue with the revenue growth that we saw in Q1 and with the admission growth and demand, we've continued to see pressure on those wage rates and on that premium pay. And as a consequence, I think that when we file the Q and you'll be able to drill down and you can see it in our consolidated results that most of the leverage we're getting on this strong revenue growth is on the supply and other operating expense line and less of it is on the salary wage line, because we're still seeing a fair amount of pricing pressure, if you will, on that line.
Rice: Okay. All right. And then you guys nicely upgraded the buyback authorization, doubled it. I know, if I remember right, and maybe my memory's not serving me well, but typically UHS waits till you're closer to running through your prior authorization to adding another one of the order of magnitude. Are you indicating anything there about maybe being more active on the buyback front? You've been pretty steady the last year. Give us some thoughts on that.
Steve Filton: Well, just to be clear, I mean, the board increased the authorization back in February and in large part did so because we were on the verge of exhausting our previous authorization. So I think what you described as our historical practice is exactly what we did back in February.
Rice: Okay. All right. I'm sorry about that. Maybe one last question on the IMD you haven't been asked yet. Do you have contracts in place with the managed care guys or is that something that will take some time to put in place, or how quick can you put those in place?
Steve Filton: I think, in some cases, we already have contracts in place. We have been taking adolescent Medicaid patients for many years. And so, in a number of geographies and a number of instances, we already have existing managed care contracts for the adolescent Medicaid population. And we can either extend those contracts to the adult population or just modify them, et cetera. It varies a little bit I think in every geography, but I actually do not believe that the contracting piece of this whole IMD exercise is really the more difficult piece. I think, again, it's those conversations and hopefully those collaborative agreements with the acute care hospitals that are really at the crux of this.
Rice: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Ana Gupte: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. My question was about just to go a little deeper into the sources and the drivers of this Medicare-based volume that you're seeing on the acute side, trying to understand if you can see from your payer mix or any anecdotal evidence that this is just new members that are aging into Medicare that perhaps were under-insured or uninsured during their pre-Medicare days. Or is it existing patients and you're marketing more aggressively to them as a hospital chain? And is there any difference between fee-for-service Medicare and Medicare Advantage?
Steve Filton: So maybe a few different comments I'll make. I mean, we continue to see over time a shift out of traditional Medicare into Medicare Advantage, and that continues, and I expect will continue for some time. What I was trying to allude to before, and maybe I was too nuanced, is I think the idea that our Medicare population and admission is growing as quickly as it is almost by definition has to mean that we're taking market share. Because while I think the overall Medicare population could be expanding somewhat, it is certainly not expanding at the pace that our admissions are expanding. So I think almost by definition, the fact that our Medicare population is growing as much as it is suggesting that in many of our markets we are taking market share from our competitors. And I think it's because of all the real focus, et cetera, that our operators are bringing to service lines and to physician relationships, and I think all of that is paying dividends.
Ana Gupte: Okay. So it's about market share. Then the two changes that – and these things take forever sometimes, we had the Two-Midnight rule lapse, and then recently I think CMS is backing off of that rule altogether. Simultaneously, there are these value-based withholding of 25,000 primary care physician pilots that they've put in place. So one's sort of a positive and a tailwind and it feels like one's a bit of a headwind, but maybe more long term I think. How is this going to play out through 2016 and then into 2017 in terms of the timing that you anticipate, either positive or negative on a net basis?
Steve Filton: Yeah. Look, I think, Ana, as your questions suggest, I think it's difficult to predict for some of these things how they're going to affect macro trends. And I think to the degree that they affect macro trends, it will be over a longer period of time. So I think, from our perspective, it is not likely to have significant short-term or even intermediate-term impacts. Over the longer-term, we'll see.
Ana Gupte: Okay. Not even on the Two Midnight rule? I mean, it's just get out altogether...
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean I think that the effect of the Two Midnight rule probably lapped or anniversaried several quarters ago. So I don't think that's having a big impact. My response to Whit's question earlier about changes in sort of observation days or short stays, et cetera, was that we're really not seeing big changes in those dynamics. I think, again, that impact was probably several quarters ago.
Ana Gupte: Okay. Then separate question on the bad debt, which continues to trend favorably and now you're back to what you had about a year ago I think in the second quarter. Would this adjacent category live up in the third quarter as you continue to see more data with your revenue cycle management practices and all? Any more color on the driver?
Steve Filton: Look, Ana, we've conceded on several occasions that the increase in uncompensated volumes back in the third quarter of 2015, which we experienced and quite frankly many of our peers seemed to experience as well, was something that we really couldn't explain with I think great confidence. People suggested at the time that maybe it was some level of dis-enrollment in commercial exchanges, as premiums were going up or as people had gotten the care that they were seeking. We can never sort of prove that in any kind of pervasive way. But I think what our experience in Q4 and Q1 would suggest to us is that it was a bit of an anomaly and a bit of a blip in that the uncompensated trends which had been more stable in the last couple of quarters, seem to be more reflective of the environment that we're really in.
Ana Gupte: Got it. Thanks, Steve, for the color.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe some comments on your priorities for use of capital at this point. It seems like the average repurchase price for your shares is a little bit south of where the stock is now, which I guess is a good thing. And then how do you feel about the opportunities on behavioral in the UK at this point?
Steve Filton: Gary, I think we always say and we say it because I think we mean it that we are relatively agnostic about where we deploy our capital, meaning that we will likely deploy our capital wherever we think we can earn the best returns. And I think that we were an active share repurchase in the first quarter and continued to some degree into the second quarter because we thought our shares, particularly given the strength of our business, were an attractive investment. I think we'll continue to consider that as we move forward. But I think we've also said that we see a number of compelling M&A opportunities in both the behavioral and acute space, and we have the financial flexibility to pursue those and we will. I think we have a longstanding and well-earned reputation, however, as a judicious acquirer and a judicious evaluator of these opportunities and a judicious steward of capital. And I think we'll continue to uphold that reputation in the future. So we're going to look at all these opportunities. We never really prioritize because, in our minds, the priorities are as we see these specific opportunities and as we evaluate these specific opportunities.
Gary Lieberman: And what about in the U.S. on acute care side? I think you might have said at some point that you think you were seeing more not-for-profit or potential not-for-profit deals around there?
Steve Filton: I think we are. And I think I said before, we continue to be actively involved in a number of conversations in that regard. We just find that those processes and those conversations tend to be a bit elongated and they take some time. But we believe, as I said before, that with some high degree of confidence that we will deploy capital into the acute care business in 2016 at levels that we probably have not in a while.
Gary Lieberman: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Wedbush Securities.
Sarah James: Thank you. Can you talk about the growth that you're seeing so far this year on your UK behavioral health business? And then, in the past, you've talked about occupancy rates in the 90% range. So maybe you could update us on any near-term plans to add beds in that market?
Steve Filton: Sure. So I think everything you said remains true. We are running occupancy rates in the UK both in – it's still a relatively new business for us, but in the Cygnet business that we bought at this point a-year-and-a-half ago and then the Alpha business that we bought maybe six months ago, we're seeing those very high occupancy rates. And as a result, we're really taking all the actions in the UK that we've been taking in the U.S. for many years and that is, we're adding beds to existing facilities where the demand justifies that. We are building some de novo facilities in UK where the demand justifies that. We've done some tuck-in acquisitions in the U.K. We did a larger acquisition with the Alpha deal six months ago, as I said. And we continue to look at all those kinds of future opportunities in the UK as well with all the same sort of caveats and dynamics that I described here in the U.S. So we'll deploy capital in the UK behavioral space if it makes compelling sense to us and we're looking aggressively to do that.
Sarah James: Got it. And could you size for us how many beds that you know that you're adding so far just with the growth within existing facilities and the de novo start-up plans for this year? What is the overall bed growth in the UK going to look like?
Steve Filton: I mean, I actually do not have the UK numbers in front of me. I mean, we have talked broadly about 600 to 800 new beds in our behavioral division overall, and those would include new UK beds.
Sarah James: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with JPMorgan.
Gary Taylor: Hey. Good morning. Sorry I jumped on a little late. So, if I ask something that's been asked, just tell me to read the transcript and I will. First of all, Steve, did you comment specifically on emergency room volumes? I know you'd talked a little earlier about geographically some of the volumes strengthened by payer, but on ER?
Steve Filton: We did.
Gary Taylor: Okay.
Steve Filton: So I will suggest to go back and read the transcript.
Gary Taylor: Okay. Let me do that. And then my last one on the – just going through the concept of the new IMD regulation, do you have a sense of where your presumably newly negotiated Medicaid adult per diem might shake out versus general acute care hospitals or maybe where your current child and adolescent Medicaid per diems kind of shake out versus hospitals? And I guess what I'm trying to get at is, do we think, given presumably a lower cost structure in freestanding, that from a rate perspective we might get to the point where Medicaid HMOs have a compelling financial incentive to attempt to steer volume in your direction as opposed to just picking up initially probably the ER diverted patients that they can't find a bed for?
Steve Filton: Yeah. Look, it's really I think a thoughtful question, Gary. And again, I think we're sort of approaching this in kind of a two-phase sort of process. I mean, the one, as I stressed, is we would like to reach collaborative agreements with many of the acute care hospitals in our markets that are providing in-patient behavioral services. We think, generally, and this is certainly not true of every single acute care hospital, but we think generally acute care hospitals are not very good providers. They're not efficient providers of behavioral services. They have so many other things that they're doing that it's just not a top priority of theirs, and we generally feel we can do it better, we can do with higher quality, we can do with better efficiency. And we're trying to make that argument to our acute care colleagues, if you will, in our markets around the country. And I think, in our minds, that's sort of the first step in getting access to these adult Medicaid patients. The second is more I think along the lines of what you are suggesting, which is as a freestanding industry, and certainly UHS I think has a reputation of being able to provide these services more efficiently and at both high quality and lower cost, then we're certainly prepared to make those arguments to our managed care payers. But, quite frankly, I think ours are aware of that dynamic as we are with the rest of their patient population. So, that to us I think is more of a secondary argument. We'd like to get the acute hospitals sort of to partner with us first and then we'll kind of make our pitch to the MCOs.
Gary Taylor: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions in queue at this time.
Steve Filton: Okay. We'd like to thank everybody and look forward to talking with everybody next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference call and you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Alan B. Miller - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc. Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Ryan Halsted - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Jason W. Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UHS Fourth Quarter 2015 and Year-End Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. And I'd like to turn the call over to Steve Filton, CFO. Please go ahead.
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Brent. Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services' results for the full year and fourth quarter ended December 31, 2015. During the conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $6.76 for the year and $1.74 for the quarter. After adjusting for the incentive income and expenses associated with the implementation of electronic health records applications in our acute care hospitals, as well as the other items attributable to last year's fourth quarter as disclosed on the supplemental schedule included with last night's earnings release, adjusted net income attributable to UHS increased approximately 12% to $170.7 million or $1.71 per diluted share for the quarter ended December 31, 2015, as compared to $152 million or $1.51 per diluted share during the fourth quarter of 2014. On a same facility basis, revenues in our behavioral health division increased 3.6% during the fourth quarter of 2015. Adjusted admissions and adjusted patient days to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 0.2% and 0.7%, respectively, during the fourth quarter of 2015. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 2.5% during the fourth quarter of 2015, over the comparable prior year quarter. We define operating margins as operating income or net revenues less salaries, wages and benefits, other operating expenses and supplies expense divided by net revenues. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year were 27.1% and 27.9% during the quarters ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. On a same facility basis in our acute care division, revenues increased 7.3% during the fourth quarter of 2015. Adjusted admissions increased 4.8%, while revenue per adjusted admission increased 3.3%. On a same facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals increased to 17.2% during the fourth quarter of 2015, as compared to 16.8% during the fourth quarter of 2014. Our cash generated from operating activities was $1.021 billion during 2015, as compared to $1.036 billion during 2014. The small decrease is primarily attributable to $199 million unfavorable change in working capital accounts experienced during 2015 as compared to 2014, resulting mainly from the timing of disbursements. Our accounts receivable days outstanding decreased to 52 days during the fourth quarter of 2015 as compared to 54 days during the fourth quarter of 2014. At December 31, 2015, our ratio of debt to total capitalization was 45%. We spent $110 million on capital expenditures during the fourth quarter of 2015 and $379 million during the full year of 2015. During 2016, we expect to spend approximately $400 million to $425 million on capital expenditures, which include expenditures for capital equipment, renovations, new projects at existing hospitals and construction of new facilities. In conjunction with our share repurchase program that commenced during the third quarter of 2014, during the fourth quarter of 2015, we repurchased 478,000 shares of our stock at a cost of $58 million. Subsequent to December 31, 2015, we purchased an additional 887,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $99 million. $77 million remains on the previous authorization, and yesterday, our Board of Directors approved an additional $400 million in share repurchases. Our estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2016 is $7.12 to $7.58 per diluted share. This guidance range excludes the unfavorable $0.17 per diluted share of EHR impact expected during 2016, as described in our press release. This guidance range represents an increase of approximately 4% to 10% over the adjusted net income attributable to UHS of $6.87 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2015, as calculated on the Supplemental Schedule included in last night's press release. During 2016, our net revenues are estimated to be approximately $9.75 billion to $9.85 billion, representing an increase of approximately 8% to 9% over 2015 net revenues. We are pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, everybody. Maybe just to drill down a little further on the components of the 2016 guidance, Steve, possibly can you give us any commentary around your thoughts on revenue or EBITDAR growth by segment? And are there any other items in there that impact the guidance, like acquisitions, further share buybacks, or new development that we should think about?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, A.J. So, I think we've been fairly transparent over the course of the last few months in talking about our outlook for next year. In terms of the two segments, I think on the acute side, we see revenue growth of about 6% next year in the acute division same store. On the behavioral side, probably a little bit lower, maybe 5%. I think the acute care 6% is split fairly evenly between price and volume, and I think the behavioral 5% is probably weighted a little more towards volume rather than to price. And I think in both divisions, we expect margins to increase slightly if we can achieve those revenue growth levels. In terms of unusual items or other things that are not included in what I just went through, we have talked for many quarters now that we will be opening a new sixth acute care hospital in Las Vegas. We estimate that to occur in the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2016. That's probably a $5 million to $10 million EBITDA drag on the back half of next year as we have pre-opening and then – pre-opening cost and startup losses. And it's probably a bit more of a drag at the net income line as the depreciation and interest associated with that facility comes online. We probably lose a few million dollars next year on foreign exchange impact in the UK. We probably lose a few million dollars on a decline in, what we call, special Medicaid reimbursement monies which would be UPL and disproportionate share and provider taxes. And I think the only other probably noteworthy item about our guidance is that as has always been our historical practice, we assume that our free cash flow is dedicated to the repayment of debt and all – the only share repurchase or other deployment of capital that we build into our guidance and build into our model is that which has already occurred. And so, I think it's a fairly conservative way of thinking about 2016 capital deployment because repayment of debt at the moment is the least accretive of all of our capital deployment options.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: And on that last point, I would assume you're including the $99 million you've purchased to date or is that not included in guidance, year-to-date this year?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That is included.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Maybe my follow-up would be just – so you're assuming that you get a rebound in the psych revenues to your long-term target of at least 5%. Obviously, the last two quarters you've been a little bit below that. Can you comment on a little more? I know you've talked about some shortage of clinicians. Is that still the primary driver and how quick can that be addressed?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I mean I would point out, A.J., that I think one of the drivers of the somewhat softer behavioral revenues in Q4 was a pretty difficult comparison to last year, particularly on the volume side. I think same-store admissions, behavioral admissions in the fourth quarter of last year were up 6.8%. And so I think we always knew that was going to be a tough nut to compare to in the fourth quarter of 2015. Additionally, as you alluded to, we have talked in the last quarter or two about the fact that in some of our markets and I think the national data is supportive of this as well, we're facing a shortage to some degree of psychiatrists, in many cases and in some cases, nursing and other clinical professionals and again in some markets that's causing us to not be able to treat all the patients who present themselves for admission and it mutes our volume and ultimately our revenue numbers in some of those markets. We feel like the 5% number that I have identified as being embedded in our revenue guidance for next year is absolutely achievable. We are working our way through the shortages in many of these markets. The comparisons certainly become easier as the year goes on. Next year, I would suggest that, that 5% may be a little bit back-end loaded as we work through the comparisons and work through some of the clinical shortages. But I think we feel like the number is eminently achievable.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Alan B. Miller - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: A.J., Steve talked about how we put together the guidance, et cetera, and all of the charges we have as we go through it, I want to point out that Henderson Hospital, which will open as you mentioned in the fourth quarter, will cost us in the short run obviously, but Temecula Hospital, which we opened a couple of years ago, has been running well, well ahead of budget. So, we made some pretty good investments.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. I mean Las Vegas is a market that keeps on giving, I guess, for you guys in Southern California, too, to some degree. Thanks a lot.
Alan B. Miller - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Great, thanks. Just want to go into the acute care side of things and the margins and I guess, this is the second quarter of 7% type growth and margin contraction. Just want to see if you go through some of the issues, is it the same issues that were impacting Q3 margins that were impacting Q4, and why do you feel comfortable that margins are going to be up next year or this year?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, I'm not sure where the commentary on margin contraction comes from, Kevin. I mean in my remarks, I pointed out that on a same facility basis, acute care margins were 17.2% in the fourth quarter of 2015 versus 16.8% in the fourth quarter of 2014. So...
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I'm sorry. Then I guess the issues that you talked about in Q3 then, have they been addressed in Q4?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think that we had clinical shortages, personnel shortages on the acute side in Q3 as did some of our peers. And what we said at that time was that we thought we could hire enough permanent nurses to generally overcome most of the problem. We thought that we'd make progress in the fourth quarter and continue to make progress into the first part of 2016. And I think that's the way it shaped up. We definitely made progress in Q4, and I think we'll make some further progress in the first half of 2016.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then I guess the bad debt spiked in Q3, I guess, it was up year-over-year in Q4 but down sequentially from where you were. Can you talk a little bit about the trends there?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I mean – so I think when you know – you're looking at the uncompensated care numbers and they are certainly up in Q4. That's almost always going to be the case simply as a function of pricing because of the way we calculate that. Our uninsured admission growth in Q4 actually slowed a little bit. In Q3, our uninsured admission growth was tracking ahead of our overall admission growth, and that trend reversed itself in Q4 while our overall uninsured admissions were up. They were up slightly slower than our overall admissions. So, I think our payer mix seems to be settling in to a bit more of a stable environment in Q4. And again, I think we're just extremely pleased at the overall even after uncompensated care is included, 7% plus growth in acute care revenues in Q4.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And do you expect payer mix to be stable into 2016?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think that's generally our expectation, to be fair. Payer mix is probably the most difficult of – sort of all the assumptions and all the metrics to predict. But our general sense is that the two items that have affected payer mix over the last few years have been the ACA and its favorable impact on improving payer mix. And we think that that has been moderating over the last few years and will continue to moderate next year and it's part of the reason why we think our acute care revenue growth moderates from the 8% or so in 2015 to more like 6% in 2016. And then the improving economies, I don't think we necessarily feel like our local market economies are improving as rapidly as they were in 2014 and 2015, but I think we feel like they certainly will remain stable in 2016.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Barclays.
Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Steve, I think you might have alluded to this a little bit, but just a question broadly on labor cost. I think you mentioned on the psych side still seeing more, I guess, on the physician and I guess a little bit in nursing. But anything more broadly in terms of labor cost and more specifically on the acute care side?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I mean, I think what we said in Q3 vis-à-vis the acute care labor sort of situation was that we felt like our use of temporary nurses or registry nurses was greater than it should be, that's a function, I think, of a number of things including turnover rates that we'd like to drive somewhat lower, decisions that are made exactly when and how to hire permanent nurses, et cetera. And I think we generally attributed the increase in salary expense and the pressure on salary expense in Q3 to some inefficiencies in terms of not hiring as many permanent nurses as we needed to in Q3. And again, I think we felt like that was a transient problem that we can address. And as I was commenting to Kevin, I think we felt like we did address it in Q4. Clearly, the numbers got better. And I think our expectation is frankly they'll continue to improve into 2016.
Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And you put contract labor and other expense, right? It's not in the SWB line, is that right?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, contract nurses are in the salary line. Contract physicians are in the other operating expense line.
Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then just a second question, just on the buybacks. You guys have been a little bit more active to start the year. Should we read into that in terms of anything around the M&A landscape or other uses? I mean, you guys obviously don't have a leverage issue, in my opinion, so I'm sure you can do both. But I just want to make sure we shouldn't be reading into the environment or something like that.
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, I think, Josh, we share your view that our leverage levels are such that we are flexible enough to do any number of things to respond to M&A opportunities as well as to be a share repurchaser if the market dictates that. Our commentary in the last few quarters and I would repeat it, I don't think it has changed in Q4 is that we think the M&A landscape is still active for us on both sides of the business. We completed two reasonably sized behavioral deals in the back half of last year and continue to look at others into 2016. We've commented that the landscape and the market for acute care deals that are, I think, more suitable in our minds for what has been historically our market profile of more suburban, midsize, urban markets, larger hospitals, larger hospital systems seems more active. It's always difficult to predict which of those deals or how many of those deals might ultimately prove to be actionable or executable. But we certainly feel like it is more active. But also, like many of you, I think we have viewed the decline in our stock over the last couple of quarters as really not something that has been justified by the underlying fundamentals of the business, which we don't feel have changed very much over the last six months. And as a consequence, we feel that their degree of confidence in our underlying business and feel like the current valuations of our stock are a compelling opportunity as well. And that's why we've become a more active acquirer of shares as well. So, I think as you suggest and I think, given our balance sheet and our flexibility, we're going to pursue any and all of these opportunities that continue to make economic sense for us.
Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Perfect. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Hi. Sorry. Just first, a soapbox comment, which I guess, you've gotten before, that we appreciate the fact that you don't waste 20, 25 minutes of your time and our time reading through the press release and go right to questions. So, thank you very much for that. Let me ask about the bad debt trend, recognizing that the strong acute revenue growth was more important than that. Can you give us any granularity? I know last quarter, you talked about the South Texas market being an area where you saw an uptick in uncompensated care. Is that continuing or is there anything to spike out from there?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, Matt, I think from a geographic perspective, we have said now, frankly, for several quarters that if you look at our acute care results overall, the Las Vegas market, the Southern California market has generally been tracking above the average acute care result. And I think that's true across the board in terms of volumes and revenue and payer mix and bad debt. And we've said that the Texas market and markets, because we have multiple markets in Texas, have generally been lagging the average. And I think that was true in Q4. I'm not exactly sure why that is. Obviously, there is a great deal of focus and speculation that that's oil and gas-related and driven. We tend not to be in markets that are directly impacted by the oil and gas business. So, I'm not certain that that's the main driver or the only driver for sure. But certainly, our Texas markets for the last several quarters have been underperforming the acute care average.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you for that. And one more question, if I could, on a different topic. Amidst all the pressure on insurers, on the ACA exchange business, what are you generally seeing in terms of the dynamic for commercial rate negotiations, both as it relates to that business and generally, the larger core group business as well?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So, let me address that, I think, both in terms of volume and price. And I'll make the comment, and I think we've been making this comment and expressing this view longer and probably more adamantly than some of our peers and that is, we've always found it difficult to precisely carve out our ACA experience and separate out exactly what our ACA commercial experience and rates are versus our overall commercial experience. And I would say, we continue – and honestly, as the ACA has progressed and we're now well into our third year – actually into our fourth year of it, I think that we find that even more difficult. So, my commentary is probably more about commercial rates just generally than about ACA rates, specifically, and that is we don't see tremendous changes either in our rate of increase. I think our commercial rates have increased still average in the 6%, 6.5% range. It varies to some degree by contract, by market. But I think that's still our average. And I don't think we're really seeing significant changes in other terms. In benefit plan design, we're not seeing an emphasis on narrow networks that I think we actually expected we would see more of, et cetera. So, I think as we enter 2016 and as we think about creating our model for 2016, it is more of the same, as much as anything.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you. That's it. Sorry. Go ahead.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Good morning. Just want to go back to the staffing shortages and maybe, more particularly, I think you mentioned psychiatrists. That doesn't sound overly transient. But maybe you could talk through the dynamics there, how you can sort of fix that and whether this is also an area of higher wage pressure that we should expect on the behavioral side of the business going forward.
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. So, look, I think that your comment, Ralph, in the sense that I believe we're facing psychiatrist shortages in specific markets because I think, nationally, the data suggests that the number of new psychiatrists over the last decade have not kept up or have lagged the overall number of new doctors, so the percentage of psychiatrists is actually declining. And I agree with you. That is a kind of more structural issue. I believe the market tends to correct for that, in that as the demand for psychiatrists increases, as psychiatrists' earnings increase, more and more people get attracted to the field, more and more practicing psychiatrists will choose to devote at least some of their hours to clinical activities, rather than to academic or other activities. So, I do think there is some market correction that goes on for all this. In addition, I think – and the trend, what my commentary about this being a transient problem is really meant to imply that I believe we can pull levers in our markets to address the issue. We can more aggressively recruit for psychiatrists. We can bring psychiatrists into a market that has a shortage. Your comment that that may cost us more money and, in fact, I think does cost us more money if you look at, one of the reasons I think that our behavioral margins have come under pressure is because the cost of acquiring psychiatrists has also gone up in addition to there being some pressure on our volumes. And the other thing that I think we do in markets where the regulatory environment allows us to is we create physician extenders, nurses and other clinicians who can do some of the tasks that psychiatrists are sometimes asked to do. And that helps us as well in terms of not having enough psychiatrists. So, we're doing all those things, and pulling all those levers and aggressively focus on the issue. And to some degree, I think, our confidence that we're going to do those things better than some of our peers in our markets causes me to comment or to believe that this is a transient sort of issue that we can overcome.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. But the behavioral revenue up 5%, we should think of an ability to still get to sort of EBITDA growth on a same-store basis of at least that 5% versus maybe a little bit below?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's certainly what we have embedded in our guidance.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, all right. Fair enough. And then just quickly on the acute side, you posted volume trends well in excess of peers for several quarters now. I know you are in a smaller subset of markets and have a little bit of a smaller hospital base. But any sense of dynamics within your specific markets about whether you think all hospitals within your areas are seeing similar trends? Do you think you are taking market share? Have you seen hospital closures? Just anything that stands out around the disproportionately better volume trends you're seeing? Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think as your question suggests, Ralph, it's a combination of factors. We tended to be in markets that were disproportionately hurt by the recession and had higher unemployment rates. I think that a number of sell-side folks did analysis during the recession of where unemployment was the highest. And when they compare the public companies, I think we often fared the worst during the height of the recession in places like Las Vegas, and Southern California, South Florida, South Texas. But what we suggested at the time and we believed was that when the economy recovered and when those local market economies recovered, we would benefit disproportionately from those recoveries. And I think that has certainly been an element of what has happened over the course of the last few years. As Las Vegas has come, I would suggest, roaring back, we've really benefited from that, for example. But I think we also believe that in many of our markets, we are aggressively increasing our market share. Both Alan and I mentioned the fact that in our big California market, which is Riverside County, we built a new hospital several years ago. In the Las Vegas market, we're building a new hospital to open later this year. We continue to take those very obvious actions and other not-so-obvious actions to cement, enhance and increase our market share in most of our acute care markets, and I think we have done that fairly successfully over the last few years as well. So, I think both of those dynamics are at play when you see the really robust and industry-leading acute care revenue growth that we've been putting up.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Ryan Halsted - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. This is Ryan Halsted on for Gary. I was hoping you could drill more into your behavior revenue growth guidance. The 5% is towards the low end, I guess, of your – of past ranges and certainly below where you have grown in the recent past. So I was hoping maybe you could just provide a little more color on the reimbursement environment and what makes you a little cautious on that outlook.
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Ryan. So, actually, I think as the conversation and commentary has been so far in the call, the issue for us is not so much caution about the pricing environment which I think, actually, has been fairly healthy, and I think even if you look at Q4, the 2.5% pricing growth on our revenue per day in behavioral is, quite frankly, as good as and a little better than we expected. So that I don't think is the concern going into or the caution – I should say the caution going into 2016. I think the caution is some of the volume pressures that we've seen over the last few quarters, and I think those volume pressures are manifested in a few different areas. The area that we talked about the most historically and certainly over the last few quarters has been length-of-stay compression that even when we were posting really strong admission growth, length-of-stay compression was muting or diminishing that growth to a degree. I think the length-of-stay pressure is starting to alleviate some and so we're hopeful that will continue, but the admission softness that we've seen as a result of – again two things. Very difficult comparisons in the beginning of 2016 that I think clouds some of our guidance for the year, and then some of the issues we've had over the clinician shortages that we've been talking about and while, as I've said in my previous commentary, I think we can address those. It may take a quarter or two. So, I think that's really what has caused us to be a little more muted about our behavioral revenue growth. And obviously, in the long-term, we think that the tailwinds for behavioral revenue growth have a lot of potential. We haven't really talked in this call about the potential for the IMD exclusion being partially or fully lifted. But we believe that will occur and when it does, that will provide an opportunity for another step-up in behavioral volumes that we're likely to see not so much in 2016, but in 2017 and thereafter.
Ryan Halsted - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, that's very helpful. And then my second question. If you take a look at your segment EBITDAR on a same-store basis, I realize there was some margin pressure on the behavioral side. But just even on a year-over-year EBITDAR growth basis, it looked like, combined, the segments were up nicely. But then comparing that with the consolidated EBITDAR, the growth year-over-year wasn't as much. So, I was just wondering if there was anything on a non-same-store basis or on a corporate overhead basis that I should be thinking about, or am I not thinking about this correctly?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I mean there's nothing that really stands out, Ryan. I will make the comment that we did have a favorable malpractice adjustment last year, and I know just from talking to some analysts last night that not everybody was taking that into account. So, I would just ask people to go back and make sure they've – we, if you will, equalize that adjustment in our supplemental schedule. So, I would just sort of ask everybody to focus on making sure they've done that. I think other than that, I can't think of any really significant changes other than as we disclosed. Last year, we acquired an insurance company, insurance product in our acute care division last year. That's been a little bit of a drag, although I don't think it's a huge needle mover.
Ryan Halsted - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte with Leerink.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. Hi, Steve.
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Ana.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Again, coming back to bad debt, you had improved your bad debt pretty nicely, I think, sequentially. And in the third quarter, a lot of the companies had issues. For the most part, there has been some improvement into the fourth quarter. There was speculation around exchanges. The, I think, ACA talked about Medicaid application processing in communities taking that write-down on collectability of the consumer cost sharing piece of it. Was this just a spike and a blip in the third quarter? And do you feel out of the woods and so we should look at your bad debt slap now into 2016 taking the baseline from 4Q? Or are there any uncertainties as you look at your revenue cycle management and you're trying to drill down into what happened there?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. So, to be perfectly candid, I think we struggled in Q3 with explaining the increase in uncompensated volumes. As you suggest, some of our peers offered explanations that included some level of disenrollment in the exchanges as exchange participants found their premiums going up where they suggested that maybe some exchange participants had game the system and enrolled to get certain care but then disenrolled when they got that care. Those explanations seemed reasonable, and we can sort of find anecdotal examples within our own experience to support those explanations. But don't really have the vast database to really be able to validate them in any pervasive or comprehensive way. And I think our fourth quarter experience would suggest that even if those explanations were valid in Q3, they didn't necessarily extend into Q4. The other question you asked about, which I think, we certainly would concur with the experience. I mean we have seen that as the ACA has been implemented and as exchange plans have become more prevalent and many of them have high deductable, high co-insurance components to them that the level of – or the amount of the bill due from the patient has gone up, and as a consequence, the level of bad debt on that portion of the bill has also gone up. We believe that our accounting for that change has been real time and current all along and has been reflected over the course of the last several years in our current results. So, I don't feel like – we feel like there's any catch-up required in the way that we're recognizing that phenomena for financial statement purposes.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks, Steve. And on the volumes, just coming back to the acute care volumes, I think it sounds like you're saying to an earlier question that it was more secular growth than share shifting from other players in the markets that you are in. As you saw the 4Q trends on both volumes and on acuity and then coming into the first quarter, anything you are seeing in the first quarter relative to the fourth quarter from a seasonality perspective or the acuity or types of decisions that would tell us what the drivers of that volume growth is?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So just to go back, and I would say that what – my answer before was really meant to say that I think our acute care revenues in general are benefiting from both the improvement in our end market economies, as well as the ACA benefit. And honestly, I think, sometimes, it's difficult for us to distinguish precisely between the two and market share gains as well. So, again, I think all those dynamics are contributing. In terms of, I think, forward-looking into just the early part of 2016, I think – and I think most of the surveys have suggested this that the end of 2015 and the beginning of January were slow from a volume perspective on the acute side. I think that may be attributable to the fact that it was a late starting and relatively slow flu season. But I would say over the course of the last six weeks from the middle of January to the end of February, acute care activity, at least at our hospitals, seems to be pretty robust and certainly doesn't give us any pause about being able to continue to achieve the numbers that we identified before.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: And one final question on the IMD exclusion. There was a very recent news flow, I think, last week that CMS sent this to the Office of Management and Budget. Were there any changes or markups from the behavioral hospital industry and/or managed Medicaid in the version that has gone there relative to what we saw last May?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We believe that the version, particularly in terms of the provisions that are most relevant to us, remains intact and viewed the news item that you point out as a good one or a positive one in the sense that, even though the process is moving albeit a little bit slower than we would like, it is moving. And as I was saying before, I think we expect the pending CMS rule to be issued sometime this year. And we would hope that the effective date would be no later than the beginning of next year and that would provide a tailwind for our behavioral business and our behavioral volumes going into next year.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks, Steve, very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gurda with KeyBanc.
Jason W. Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey. Thanks for the question. Steve, I apologize if I missed this, but did you provide an update on how your UK operations are performing?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We didn't. We didn't get that specific question. The UK commentary over the last few quarters has been that both our original Cygnet acquisition as well as our subsequent Alpha acquisition and our smaller one-offs and new beds are really generally doing quite well. Occupancy rates for our UK behavioral hospitals, on average, are in the low-90s. And we continue to look for further expansion opportunities and the ability to grow that platform in the UK, which we continue to remain very enthusiastic about.
Jason W. Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Do you think the review of the Priory transaction, Acadia's transaction with the Priory Group, do you think that would provide some opportunities for one-off facility pickups?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Obviously, hard for me to answer that question because I think it's a function of: A, what the trade commission in the UK decides to do, if anything, when they review the transaction; and, obviously, B, what Acadia decides to do with their portfolio of hospitals, either in response to the trade commission action or in response to other priorities that they may have. So, again, I think we're looking at all opportunities in the UK. And we'll respond to any and all opportunities that arise, whether they're from that transaction or from, I think, a host of other sources that we're obviously exploring at the same time.
Jason W. Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And lastly, in April, the comprehensive joint replacement bundling initiative begins. I'm sure you've made arrangements to prepare for that. Maybe if you could discuss that a little bit.
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So, all of our acute care hospitals have participated in Medicare's bundled payment demonstration project so far. I think and, again, I don't believe our experience is in any way unique. I think we're finding the data that Medicare is providing, both in terms of the amount and level and timeliness of that data, to be somewhat insufficient for us to be able to really participate in this in a meaningful way and make meaningful changes. So, I think we're probably likely to actually step back our level of activity and step back in when I think the program is working more efficiently and I think some of the kinks are worked out. But to your point, I mean, I think we've on, from an infrastructure perspective, prepared and feel very prepared for what we think is going to be the long-term trend in this industry, which are more coordinated, more collaborative payments, more risk-based payments. We've done a lot of work over the last several years to be prepared for that and I think feel like we are.
Jason W. Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning. Just curious, any commentary around surgical volumes and ED volumes, what were they and how does that compare to recent trends?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So, Frank, I think surgical volumes, as has been the trend for the last few years, continue to outpace even our admissions growth. And I think on the surgical side, surgical volumes are up overall. In Q4, we returned a little bit more to what we've been seeing, the historical pattern where, I think, outpatient volumes are up like 4% and inpatient volumes are up 2%. We went through a few quarters where inpatient was actually outpacing outpatient and that was really contributing to some very strong revenue and revenue acuity. This is a bit more normalized, but, again, in the end, still helping us put up 7% acute care revenue growth, which we're quite pleased with.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Got you. And just curious, you announced an acquisition back in the fall. I haven't heard you really talk much about it, in the addiction treatment area, the Foundations acquisition. I just wonder if you could give us an update there on how that transaction has been working and from our perspective, we thought it had a chance of being relatively accretive and just any color there? Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And I'm sorry, Frank. You faded in the very beginning at least for me. Were you asking about Foundations?
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes, yes.
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. I'm sorry. I thought you were. Yeah. So Foundations, which was a behavioral acquisition that we did in October of last year, really, from our perspective, was intended to enhance our presence in the addiction recovery business. UHS has been in the addiction recovery business for as long as we've been in the behavioral business, for 30-plus years. But the Foundations' model, business model, is a bit different. It's a bit more of an out-of-network model, although it's a fairly balanced in and out of network source of patients. And it's much more of a direct-to-consumer marketing model than our traditional referral-based model. And what we thought is that the Foundations' approach and the Foundations' infrastructure and their very nuanced patient capture system and technology that they have would be a nice complement both to our existing addiction treatment businesses, as well as to other like-diagnoses businesses, things like autism and eating disorders. And I think that's really the way it's shaping up. So I think that the early results from Foundations are good and they're encouraging. But I think what we're really most excited about is really taking the best of both of our models, if you will, and combining them, not only in the addiction business, but in some of these other similar diagnoses and service line businesses. And we think the real payoff is further down the road.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Just one final one, if I can, a clarification on your discussion around CapEx, including construction of the hospital. I'm assuming that's just the one in the Vegas area. Or was there another one that you are contemplating that you are allocating some capital for? Thanks.
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's the only acute care hospital. We have a couple of de novo projects that are on the – in some stage of development on the behavioral side as well. Obviously, those are smaller dollars.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Ransom with Raymond James.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi. Hi, good morning. Most of my stuff has been answered. But I'm curious about a couple of things. So, you guys can put capital in broadly three different buckets. You can continue to add on in the UK, you can do American behavioral, American – or American addiction assets or you can look at large U.S. acute assets. Do you have any preference or is it all case by case?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And, John, I would add to that which I know you didn't purposely leave out, the opportunity to repurchase our own shares which we've been doing as well.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Sure, sure.
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Look, I think we have always made the argument and I think we make the argument because we really believe it that we are relatively ambivalent about where we invest our next dollar of capital. And I say – I use the term ambivalent to mean that we would like to invest our next dollar of capital wherever it is going to earn the best return or certainly earn over our hurdle rate of return. And if there are opportunities in each of those buckets that you described, I think we feel like we have the opportunity and the financial and capital flexibility to do that. On the other hand, I think one of the hallmarks of UHS as a disciplined investor over the years is that if those opportunities are not compelling and they don't meet our return hurdles, we're okay with waiting until we find some that do. And I think that's going to be our approach going forward. It's been our historical approach. And I think the only comment that we've made in the last few quarters is we think that pipeline is fairly active, and we would hope that we'll be able to find some actionable deals out of that pipeline.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And I guess as a follow-on to that, did you guys look at any intensity in the – at the Priory deal? And was there anything about that that you didn't like, either the price or the mix of assets or just doubling down in the UK?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I mean I'm not – we're not going to comment on any specific transaction. But I think that most of the transactions that get announced in the public space are transactions that are made available to most of the public players. And on those transactions, we certainly do our due diligence and do our work. And I think we look at the opportunity just as I described, what's the historical growth rate of the assets that are being sold, what's the likely future growth rate, what's the price. And as a consequence, what's the likely return. And there are deals that we either choose not to participate in, or somebody chooses to pay more for. And that's okay with us. I think we historically have gotten most of the deals that we thought really made compelling sense. We don't get them all, but I think we have found that our relatively judicious and deliberative approach to capital deployment has served us well over the years and continue to believe that's the case.
Alan B. Miller - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: John...
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Yeah.
Alan B. Miller - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Steve had covered it very, very adequately. But as you pointed out, we have a number of areas that we can invest. I think we are a prudent investor and it's a question of which appears to have growth possibilities, what's the price and we're indifferent with regard to which area we put it into. But we are certainly concerned about the level of debt of the corporation and the equity and you know that.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So would you – as the world moves more to outpatient, you have got this impressive fleet of inpatient assets. But are you thinking – is there any thought in the board level down the road that maybe we need to make a bigger step in an outpatient basis? Or do you think you are adequately covered just blocking and tackling market by market?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I mean, John, we don't talk about outpatient as a discrete business strategy because I think we believe that there's an integrated outpatient strategy in every single one of our acute care markets. We certainly acknowledge the trend that everybody has seen over the last few years of a shift of traditionally inpatient procedures to outpatient and I think in virtually all of our markets, we could discuss in some detail how we've tried to take advantage of that, the facilities that we have either built on our own or acquired, the specific marketing emphasis that we've taken on. But again, I think we have not embarked on a sort of a discrete outpatient strategy, meaning that we've not necessarily been interested in obtaining or embarking on outpatient revenue growth outside of our markets. But we're very aggressively pursuing the strategy within our existing markets.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then just lastly, what is spurring – a couple of you, you and your peer group, there seems to be just a little bit more at the conversation level for acute care assets. And I'm talking about the type of acute care assets that you're screening, not rural or small market. What do you think is driving that?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think, John, that as acute care hospitals, in general, think about the changing healthcare landscape. They see, as a question before suggested, a move – a long-term move from fee-for-service reimbursement to some sort of risk-based reimbursement whether that's bundled payments as we were talking about before or ACO-type payments or capitated payments. That's a huge change and a huge change in the requirements and the expertise of running acute care hospitals and I think a lot of the hospitals that we've talked to worry about their ability to compete in that new landscape, either from a physical facility perspective and information technology perspective, a relationship with physician perspective. I think there are a whole host of changes that hospitals will have to make. And some hospitals, certainly not all, but some hospitals, I think, are deciding that they prefer to have help either greater expertise or greater capital infusion or some combination of both as they embark on those challenges. And in my mind, that's probably what's driving this increased level of interest and activity.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Well, I've taken more than enough time. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paula Torch with Avondale Partners.
Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC: Great. Thank you. Good morning. I just have one question on the acute care business. You mentioned the gain in market share as well as seeing benefits from end market economies and the ACA. And just wondering on the market share side if you can remind us what kind of investments you are making there to keep that edge and to grow your market share. And do you think that that's a piece that could continue on into 2017 and beyond?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. That's a difficult question to answer in a short way, Paula. Because again, I think it is largely a market-by-market discussion, because I think that the strategies in each market are not necessarily the same. But we certainly have talked over the years about investing in physician ownership and physician practices. We've invested in information technology so that we have a more integrated approach with our physicians. We've invested in physical facilities and continuing on to what I was saying to John, and upgrading our outpatient capabilities in particular. We've acquired a number of outpatient facilities in our markets over the last few years. So, again, in the context of having a few more minutes to talk about it, I'd love to talk about maybe some of the individual strategies and individual markets. But suffice it to say at this point that I think it's a multi-pronged approach in each of our markets.
Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay. That's fair. And just maybe if I could just follow up, you talk about the secular improvement and how much room do you see for economic improvement in some of your markets? Are we full here or do you think there is still some room like in areas like Texas, for example?
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Look, I'm not a macro economist by any means, Paula. So, I answer questions like this with a lot of trepidation. But I will say that during the recession, we saw the negative impacts of this long and profound recession over the course, I would argue of, in some cases, four years or five years in some of our markets, beginning as early as 2009 and continuing in many of these markets through 2013. And so, it would not be surprising to me if the recovery in those same markets was over a similar period. And we're probably three years or so in most of these markets into the recovery. So, while I think the impact is probably starting to diminish, I would still think we have another year or two of positive runway in a lot of these markets.
Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC: Thank you. That's helpful.
Operator: And sir, we have no further questions at this time.
Steve G. Filton - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Well, we appreciate everybody's time and patience this morning and look forward to talking with everybody again in a couple of months after the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP Alan B. Miller - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co. Antonella Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Frank Lee - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. And Mr. Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Good morning. Thank you. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services' results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2015. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and forward-looking statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2014, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended June 30, 2015. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS of $1.48 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2015. After adjusting each quarter's reported results for the incentive income and expenses recorded in connection with the implementation of electronic health record applications at our acute care hospitals, as well as the other items attributable to last year's third quarter as disclosed on the supplemental schedule included with last night's earnings release, adjusted net income attributable to UHS increased approximately 13% to $155.3 million, or $1.53 per diluted share, during the third quarter of 2015 as compared to $137.5 million, or $1.36 per diluted share, during the third quarter of last year. On a same facility basis, in our acute care division, revenues during the third quarter of 2015 increased 7.2% over last year's comparable quarter. The increase resulted primarily from a 5.1% increase in adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year, and a 3% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same facility basis, operating margins for our acute hospitals decreased to 15.4% during the third quarter of 2015 from 17.1% during the third quarter of 2014. s expected, net revenue growth slowed in the third quarter from the unprecedented levels we have been experiencing in the first half of the year. Surgical volume's moderated a bit, and uncompensated care volumes ticked up as well. At the same time, there was a measurable increase in temporary nursing costs, all contributing to the margin decline. On a same facility basis, net revenues in our behavioral health division increased 5% during the third quarter of 2015 as compared to the third quarter of 2014. During this year's third quarter as compared to last year's, adjusted admissions and adjusted patient days to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year each increased 1.6%. Revenue per adjusted admission and adjusted patient day each rose 3.1% during the third quarter of 2015 over the comparable prior-year quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year were 27.5% and 27.6% during the quarters ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, our net cash provided by operating activities increased approximately 16% to $796 million over the $690 million generated during the comparable nine-month period of 2014. Our accounts receivable days outstanding decreased slightly to 55 days during the third quarter of 2015, as compared to 56 days during the third quarter of 2014. At September 30, 2015, our ratio of debt to total capitalization decreased to 42.8% as compared to 48.9% at September 30, 2014. We spent $99 million on capital expenditures during the third quarter of 2015 and $270 million during the first nine months of 2015. In connection with our previously announced $400 million stock repurchase program, we repurchased 543,380 shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $72 million during the third quarter of this year. Since inception of the program through September 30, 2015, we have repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $166 million and had a remaining share repurchase authorization of approximately $234 million as of the end of the third quarter. In August 2015, we acquired four behavioral health facilities with 305 beds located in the UK. This acquisition increases our behavioral health presence in the UK to 21 facilities consisting of approximately 1,100 beds. In October 2015, we completed the acquisition of Foundations Recovery Network. Through this acquisition, we have added four inpatient facilities consisting of 322 beds, as well as eight outpatient centers. In addition, there are over 140 expansion beds in progress for Foundation as well. Foundation is one of the premier names in addiction treatment, is focused on treating adults with co-occurring addiction and mental health disorders through an evidence-based integrated treatment model in residential and outpatient settings. Based upon the operating trends and financial results experienced during the first nine months of 2015, we're revising our estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2015, to $6.75 to $7.05 per diluted share. This revised guidance, which excludes the expected electronic health records impact of the year, maintains the lower end of the previously provided range of $6.75 to $7.15 per diluted share and decreases the upper end of the range by approximately 1%. Alan and I are pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: Operator: And our first question comes from Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, this is Tejus Ujjani joining on for Matthew Borsch. Thanks for taking the question. Was wondering if you could touch a little bit more on the growth in uninsured on the acute care side. I can see that the provision grew faster than the uninsured charges as a whole, and was just curious about that in terms of many differences in collection rates or why that would be the case.
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Sure. So, we did see, as the data that you cited suggests, an increase in uncompensated care in the third quarter. While we saw it throughout the portfolio, I think it was most evident in our Texas and, in specifically, in our South Texas markets. And I think our estimate is that that increase in uncompensated care probably had an impact of maybe 50 basis point reduction in our acute care margins during the quarter.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from Paula Torch with Avondale Partners.
Antonella Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC: Yes. Good morning, everybody. Just wanted to touch on acute care margin again and speaking with this conversation. So 50 basis – excuse me – 50 basis point impact to the uncompensated care, wondering if you could tell us how much of an impact the temporary nursing costs were in the quarter and sort of what's going on there? Is there a higher competition, is it tightness? Do you think that's going to continue into the fourth quarter and into next year; any more color there?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Sure, Paula. So, just from an order of magnitude, I think that the impact of the increase in temporary nurse costs was similar to the uncompensated care impact that is in the neighborhood of 50 basis points. Obviously, it is a trend that has been mentioned by a number of our peers as well, which is not necessarily something we were aware of during the quarter. I think from our perspective, we continue to have and generate very substantial acute care demand as reflected in our growing admissions, very healthily growing admissions. And as a result, that is contributing to a need for more employees, particularly nurses. And honestly, I think we're just not filling those positions as quickly and as efficiently and expeditiously as we would hope. To some degree, I think, we probably underestimated the need for new nurses as demand has remained as strong as it has. As we look forward and project sort of solving this issue or solving the problem, I think we view it as definitely a fixable problem and one that we will address in the fourth quarter and begin to make progress the fourth quarter and certainly begin to really solve the issue by the beginning of next year as we fill those vacant positions. The feedback that I get from our hospitals when we talk to them is that they can fill those positions. They're sort of re-doubling their efforts to do so. And so, we're fairly confident that we will address that issue in the near future.
Antonella Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay. Great. And one more if I may. Just turning to behavioral quickly and the Foundations acquisition that you did, can you update us maybe on the thoughts on the expansion? I know you said 140 beds, I believe. When should we expect those to come online and are they across all of the four facilities? How fast do you expect the addiction piece of your behavioral business to grow, and maybe if you can help us think about some of the future investments there?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Sure. I mean in the grand scheme, the Foundations acquisition is relatively small but we think a strategically important acquisition. Obviously, we're talking about 330 beds out of a total of 20,000 beds, but I think we think that the Foundation acquisition very nicely complements our existing addiction businesses. We probably have eight or nine dedicated addiction facilities in our portfolio today, as well as the fact that we offer addiction services in many of our other behavioral facilities as well. And we think that the Foundations' model as well as – the Foundations' model in terms of patient treatment as well as their model for patient capture is one that will have relevance for us throughout our other addiction businesses, and quite frankly in some of our other lines of business as well, things like eating disorders, et cetera. So, the 140 beds that are in the queue for Foundations are both additions to existing facilities as well as some de novo development. I think they're all likely to be completed within the 12-month cycle, and we continue to look for other opportunities as well to expand that business, as well as other elements of our behavioral business.
Antonella Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Chris Rigg with Susquehanna Financial.
Frank Lee - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi. This is Frank Lee on for Chris Rigg. Thanks for taking my question. Acute care volumes continue to be strong in the quarter. I was just curious if there are any specific regions that are driving that growth you could call out, and then does the revised guidance reflect a similar pace of volume growth in the fourth quarter?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Yeah. Frank, so I think the acute care volume growth – and we talked a little bit about this in general in the first half of the year saying that the strongest performing markets were Las Vegas or Nevada and then Southern California. And as I mentioned before, I think our Texas markets, in particular our South Texas markets, have lagged a little bit over the last few quarters. I think all of those same trends were present in Q3 as well. In terms of the revised guidance and how that acute care growth fit into that, again, we revised that guidance at the end of the second quarter, we talked about the fact that the first half of the year acute care revenue growth of 10% was unlikely to be sustainable. It was sort of unprecedented in the history not only of the company but of the acute care industry. And we thought that revenues in the back half of the year and, frankly, going forward would likely moderate to levels more like 6.5%, 7%. And that's certainly what happened in Q3. And I think our revised guidance, taking off the very top end of the guidance, was simply an acknowledgment that those acute care revenues had moderated and would likely continue to do so, and that – I think we have said that to get to the high end of that range, we'd have to sustain those 10% or so revenue growth levels. And I think the revision at the top end of the range was just an acknowledgment that that was very unlikely.
Frank Lee - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Thanks. And then, it looks like share repurchases increased pretty meaningfully in the quarter even with the Alpha transaction. Can you help us think about the pace of repurchases going forward and in the fourth quarter given the Foundations acquisition? Thanks a lot.
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Yeah. I don't necessarily think that either of the two recent acquisitions, Alpha in Q3 and Foundations in Q4, will materially affect the way we think about share repurchase. Obviously, we have the view that our share price has seen a dramatic decline in the last month or two and is not necessarily, from our perspective, related to real fundamental changes in the business – in our business trends or in future prospects of the business. So, I think we view the current share price as an attractive investment and we'll continue to look at share repurchase in the same way that we have historically with other capital deployment opportunities, which we think also exist at this point in time. I think we're ready for the next question.
Operator: And your next question is from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And good morning. This is actually Joanna Gajuk filling in for Kevin today. I just want to go back to the discussion around the margins, the acute care segment. So, first of all, in terms of the comments around the temporary staffing, you suggested you feel like you might be able to – you feel this oppositions 16:28) in Q4 into beginning of next year, but does it feel like for you that it might be there's something that's more sustaining going on around the industry given that we're hearing viewpoint from other providers talking about similar issues? So any color you might have on in terms of whether you feel this is really fixable in the near term or whether there's something systemic going on around in terms of the labor cost or ability to staff nurses?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Joanna, you know the best that I can offer is that given my tenure in the industry, I can remember some 10 years ago when we – the industry was experiencing a really severe shortage of nurses and other clinical professionals. And I recall talking to our hospitals at the time and when we talked at that time about hiring and filling vacancies, the feedback you'd get from the hospitals was simply, you just couldn't do it. They're just weren't nurses out there. It didn't matter what we were willing to pay. There was enormous pressure on wages. I will tell you that the current environment just doesn't have the same feel to it. Certainly, this issue an increase use of temporary nurses is not unique to us; other companies have reported it as well. So it seems to be a bit more systemic issue, but it also, based on the feedback that we're getting from our hospitals, is one that remains fixable. I mean they're hiring nurses. They're hiring nurses at sort of within our current wage scales, et cetera. So we do have an impression and a feeling that this is really is an addressable issue and one that can be dealt with in relatively near term.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. And then because also in the past on that same topic, there was a margin pressure other (18:23). In the past, I believe, you talk about there is ability in acute care segment to show margin expansion if revenue grows above 3%, I believe; but clearly, it didn't happen this quarter because margins were down 170 basis points year-over-year on same-store basis. So you said 50 basis points from the temporary staffing and then another 50 basis points from the uncompensated care costs, so what else was driving or putting the margins to be under so much pressure given that top line growth was so strong?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Sure. I think it's worth putting the comparison – the acute care comparison in context. We ran over 17% margins in the third quarter of 2014, and those margins and the EBITDA that the acute care business generated in the third quarter of 2014 was almost a doubling of what it had run in the previous year. And the 17% margin I think was probably the best margin we've ever run in the third quarter in that division. So the comparison was extremely difficult. And even though I think your point is a valid one and well taken, and that is that under normal circumstances if we generate 7% growth – revenue growth in the acute division, we would expect to have margin expansion. And I believe that that's what we will expect in the future. In the third quarter there were a couple of extenuating circumstances, which we've discussed already, but I think it is just that, it is extenuating circumstances as opposed to sort of fundamental changes in the model. I think our general sense is that at these very healthy revenue levels – and that's what I think we take away from the quarter as the most important message – we believe that in the future we will be able to generate the margin expansion that we've come to expect at those levels.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So then you have suggested that you don't expect, I guess, the volume growth to remain in the 5% range. So, what – I mean without giving guidance for next year, but what kind of type of volume growth would you expect over the near term or medium term, I guess, in the acute care segment?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Well, as you suggest, I'm not going to give 2016 guidance for – and we're not going to give it for another several months, but I will just sort of reiterate what we talked about at the end of the second quarter of this year, and that is that we thought that acute care revenue growth would moderate from the 10% unprecedented levels that we were experiencing to something closer to 6.5%, 7%. That is, in fact, what happened. We're very comfortable at those levels. I'm not prepared to say whether those levels are going to be sustainable completely into 2016, but certainly sustainable through the end of the year. And we're very comfortable that, over the long term, we will generate margin expansion at that – at those revenue growth levels.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. That's all from me.
Operator: And your next question is from A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, everybody. Just a couple things, maybe on the payer mix, drilling down a little bit more – do you have the details on either year-to-year change and some of the key components of that or the percentages, how they change?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: A.J., I think, as we discussed in the first half of the year, we continue to see growth in both our Medicare and Medicaid utilization, and that's total Medicare and Medicaid, meaning both traditional and managed. What was a little bit different in the third quarter was we saw our commercial volume growth slow some. We had been since the beginning of the ACA implementation and in the economic recovery seeing commercial volumes increasing in the high-single and double-digit, low double-digit ranges. I think that the commercial volume increase in the third quarter was only like 3% or 4% – still good, but a deceleration from where we've seen. And I think, we saw an uptick in uncompensated volumes as well, uninsured volumes. They had been declining, quite frankly, for a number of periods, and in the third quarter of this year uninsured volumes were up, let's call it, 6% or 7%.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And when you – I know, you said that when you drill down, Texas was especially the, I'd say, border community, or something I guess, where were you saw some of that, that pressure. When you ask your operators what they see is, is there anything to call out there? I know we get questions all the time about energy patch, which I wouldn't necessarily associate with those types of hospitals, but is there any issue there or anything more broadly or is this just the natural ebb and flow you see sometimes in a quarter-to-quarter swing?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Honestly, A.J., hard to say is the best answer I can give you. You're right that the South Texas markets, McAllen, Laredo, are not markets that are heavily dependent on the oil and gas industry. They're not markets where the sort of broader economic metrics like unemployment seem to be deteriorating in any meaningful way. So, the increase in uncompensated care is a bit of head scratcher in those markets. And I think a lot of times it's a mistake to draw broad conclusions from one quarter's worth of results in a particular market. So, I think we'll wait and see and try and evaluate it as it goes forward. But no, I mean, it's not obvious to us what's driving that change.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then, just lastly on the capital deployment, I mean, I understand the enthusiasm for your stock, given its pulled back like it has in – on the buybacks. Any commentary on what you're seeing on the acquisition front, either in acute or psych – obviously, you did two small deals in the quarter – but it sounded like earlier in the year you actually thought there might be some things on the acute side. Is there still some things out there or where do we stand?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Yeah. So, again, in our second quarter call, we had expressed the view that we thought that the pipeline for potential opportunities was busier than it had been in some time. Subsequent to that, as you suggest, we did two behavioral deals totaling $500 million in total investment. We continue to look at other behavioral opportunities. We continue to look at acute opportunities. We do – I think we would continue to describe the pipeline, if you will, as more active than it's been in a while. And so, as we always do, I think we kind of look at that landscape, we look at our ability to or opportunity to purchase – repurchase our own stock as well, and we sort of try and measure each of those opportunities against each other. And obviously, we have an exceptionally strong balance sheet with very low leverage levels which allows us to pursue multiple opportunities at once, and that's going to continue to be our plan.
Alan B. Miller - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: A.J., I'd also point out that in addition to the $500 million we've spent, we're very excited about our hospital under construction in Las Vegas. We have built an acute care hospital a year. We're spending between $155 million and $185 million on those hospitals. So, we are making investments in the acute business, and as opportunities present themselves, we are ready to take advantage of them.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Yeah. I guess, I called it a little psych – I guess those weren't so little, actually.
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: I wasn't going to correct you, A.J.
Operator: And our next question comes from Josh Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks. Steve, I appreciate those comments around sort of what we saw in the last nursing shortage, and I'm just curious on the overall labor pressures. I guess, volume sequentially or relatively similar, so what's causing that need for temporary labor? Has there just been more turnover and you're not sort of filling those roles? Any sense of where these nurses and clinicians are getting hired? Are they going to non-traditional channels at this point? And then, if you could also comment, any physician compensation or recruitment issues within that labor or is this really all just nursing?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: So, let me address the first one. I think on the – if we're seeing any pressure on physician staffing, I think it tends to be on the behavioral side. We've mentioned this, I think, once or twice before. At least in some specific markets, it's been difficult for us to hire the appropriate number of psychiatrists. And that's been a bit of a drag, both to the degree that we can – we don't add a sufficient number of psychiatrists, we will see our volumes pressured a little bit. Behavioral admissions were a little bit soft in Q3, and I think as I look around the portfolio, there are a market or two where I would attribute some of that softness to a shortage of physicians. Also to the degree that we're using temporary physicians, that pushes our operating expense up in the behavioral division, and you'll see that in the Q a little bit and you'll see the specific pressure on our operating expenses in behavioral – again, around the margins at least. On the acute side, it's a good question. Exactly why this problem is sort of bubbling up at the moment, Josh, my sense is that to some degree there has been a bit of a skepticism out in the field that the really strong volumes that we've been generating were going to continue, and I think there's always a bit of hesitancy to hire nurses when you're not sure if volume strength will continue. So, I think that may have been it. I think there may have been some unnecessary skepticism about the need for those nurses, but I think that's now become clear. Turnover hasn't increase for us. I know some of our peers have mentioned that. We're constantly trying to drive turnover rates down, and I'm not sure that we're terribly successful in driving them down, but I certainly think that they've been stable for us. And then finally, this idea that there's a lot of these sort of alternate care providers, FED providers et cetera. I think in our markets at least the numbers of those sorts of providers and the amount of people they're hiring is relatively immaterial, so it doesn't seem to me to be the item that's really driving this.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just one quick follow up, are you seeing any delays on Medicaid enrollment? Are you seeing anything different at the state level in terms of their ability to process and enroll some of these previously uninsured individuals?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Yeah. I mean, again, I know that was cited by one of our peers. I checked with our folks this morning because I have not heard that, and they sort of reiterated that is not been an issue for us. So, I don't think that's what's driving our uncompensated experience.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question is from Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking question. I know you said it wasn't entirely clear what was causing the slowdown in commercial volumes, comparatively anyway. Is there any indication that you're seeing individuals that were previously covered by exchange plans coming off of those plans? Or do you think it's more just seasonal weakness in the third quarter that comes back in the fourth quarter? What were your thoughts there?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Yeah. And again, I know that one of our peers cited that as sort of a dynamic as well. And it's an intellectually, kind of intuitively obvious argument. It seems logical that that could be happening. Other than a couple of anecdotal examples that we've been able to gather, we're really not able to generate sort of any measurable data that would suggest we're seeing that in sort of large volumes. We'll continue to watch that. Again, Gary, I'm going to repeat a comment I made a little bit ago. I think sometimes, it can be a mistake to draw really broad conclusions about one quarter's worth of metrics. We tried, we're exploring and we certainly dive into these numbers when we see them, but none of these other explanations, at least for us, seem to be terribly obvious or explanations that we could really prove out.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then could you give us an update on the UK behavioral market, the acquisition environment, any update on pricing or reimbursement issues there?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: The operational environment has been very good. We've said from the beginning in the Cygnet acquisition – is just about a year old at this point – that Cygnet pretty much every single quarter, and the third quarter was no exception, has exceeded our expectations. Their volumes and occupancy rates are extremely high. They continue to pursue opportunities that include building new beds at existing hospitals, doing some de novo development, doing some small acquisition work and looking at acquisitions of various sizes. So, we continue to be very positive about our entry into the UK behavioral market and are working very sort of pointedly with our local management there to continue to grow that platform.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. So I want to again come back to the uncompensated care issue, Steve, if I may. You said it's in South Texas and it's probably not the slow Medicaid application processing. Have you had any kind of anecdotal data at your ED departments or whatever, that some of these people have been in exchanges and are now (33:28-33:33) or is it they just got – lost their jobs and there's an (33:36-33:37) enroll in Medicaid or exchanges or whatever, and they're not – they're not insured right now. Did you ever (33:42) get a sense for it and despite that all of you are seeing, how structural is this for 2016 because it meaningfully changes forecast?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Yeah. So, a couple of things. I mean I just wanted to clarify a little bit. I mean, what I said was that the increase in uncompensated care was most evident in the South Texas market and that's true. But I don't want to leave the impression that it was completely limited. We saw an uptick in uncompensated care in some other markets as well. I mean, again, I think you're asking the question that Gary asked, maybe a little bit differently. I mean we're not able to attribute that increase to – specifically to commercial exchange patients or subscribers not being able to make their premium payments. We're not really able to subscribe – or ascribe the increase to anything in particular. And I think that our sort of outlook on this is we'll wait and see, we'll try and gather more data as, you know, another month or two passes and do a better job of trying to figure out what's going on. I realize that there's a lot of pressure on folks all over to try and figure this out immediately. I will say this, at the end of the day – even with the increase in bad debt and uncompensated care pressure, we generated 7.2% acute care revenue growth in the quarter. And if somebody had asked me a year ago whether I would take that, I would have taken that offer in an instant and I'll take it again next quarter if presented to me. So I appreciate the fact that there is a lot of focus on this increase in uncompensated care, but I think sometimes we're looking at the glass in the wrong way. I mean, this glass is half full in my mind when acute care revenues are growing by 7.2% over the prior year.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Fair enough. Your volumes were great in acute, and apologies again if this was asked before; I wasn't (35:52) the call. On Medicare, in the second quarter as well you talked about very strong volumes. How much is Medicare contributing to your acute volume growth? And is (36:02) lapping or is there something structural that we can carry forward in terms of the volume?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Yeah. So the strength in Medicare volumes is something that we've now seen probably for at least three quarters. And I think, as you suggest, probably an explanation for the strength in Medicare volumes is the idea that some of the weakness that we saw a year ago as a result of this shift from inpatients to observation patients has anniversaried a bit. We continue to see observation patients being coded in – with frequency, but I do think we're lapping some of that. And that makes sense only because all the other explanations that you usually offer for increased volumes -- the ACA impact, or the economic impact -- are generally not relevant to the Medicare population. So I think this idea that we're starting to sort of see some leveling off of some of this pressure on Medicare admissions that we had seen for a few years is a relevant explanation.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: And are you (37:13) the managed Medicare relative to traditional?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: No. I mean, I think generally we find that when a population moves from traditional Medicare to managed, it's usually reflected in length of stay pressures rather than in actual admission rate pressures. So no, I don't think we're seeing a big change between the two populations.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: All right. And then finally, on the budget, do you have any thoughts on that, assuming nobody else asked. Because if they did, then no need to go back into it.
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: No. I mean, I think that there's still some clarification that we as an industry are looking for, but I think with the major change being to alternate site payments and the idea that I think hospitals are not going to be able to use hospital rates for some alternate site payments. I think we may see a slowdown in the way hospitals in general approach some of those off-campus strategies. I would say that this has not been a huge part of the UHS model and, obviously, whatever we have is grandfathered anyway according to the deal as I understand it. So, I don't view it as a real significant change to our operating outlook at the moment.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Got it. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Good morning. Apologies if this was asked, I hopped on a little late. But did you give the exchange volume in the quarter, Steve, and how that has tracked over the last couple of quarters?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Ralph, not specifically exchange volume. I talked a little bit about commercial volume in general. I think, we, as a company, sort of said at the beginning – with the beginning of this year that we really weren't – were no longer trying to separate out discreetly the impact of the ACA or exchanges, et cetera, and really haven't done so all year and certainly are not going to do so this quarter. But I did talk about the fact that commercial exchange volume growth slowed some in the third quarter – not commercial exchange, just commercial volume in general slowed some in the third quarter.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then, what about acuity mix in the quarter? Did you give that and was that a favorable impact?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: I didn't give it. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that surgical volumes slowed a little bit. One of the comments that I had made in the first two quarters of this year was that for the first time in a long time, inpatient surgeries and the growth in inpatient surgeries were outpacing the growth in outpatient surgeries. In the third quarter, we sort of returned back to where we had been in the last few years, where outpatient surgeries were growing faster than inpatient. Although both continue to grow at a decent pace, but that's I think an indication of a small decline in acuity and contributed a little bit to that – again, the slowdown in overall revenue growth.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then, just on the – I guess on the behavioral side with the regs out, sort of the IMD exclusion. To the extent that it does hold, do you see this as sort of an immediate benefit as we head into 2016 or is there something you need to do in terms of outreaching and education that would suggest that any benefit would be kind of later in the year as opposed to early in the year?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Well, I think there is a couple of issues. I mean, one is the rule has yet to be published in final form, and we certainly don't know exactly when that's going to happen. I'm actually told that CMS has a number of sort of pending rules in their queue. And I think there is some speculation they may not get to this one until early in 2016, and we're not sure at that point when the effective date would be. So, that's an issue right away. I mean we just don't know when the rule and the effective date is going to be. But when the rule is issued, there is some amount of that work to be done. These patients are being treated for the most part in existing acute care facilities today, and we have work to do to, I think, communicate with those acute care facilities and see if there is an opportunity – and this is really a market-by-market effort to cooperate with them and – and see if those patients can't be treated in sort of a more efficient way and mutually efficient way for both the acute care hospital and for us. We also have to work with the managed Medicaid companies to negotiate rates. I don't view that as a big hurdle, but something that has to be done. So, there are a few steps that have to be taken once the rule does become effective. So, at the moment, it's certainly impossible to predict what the impact on 2016 might be at this point.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. All right. And then just a last one, I don't know if you have the stats with you, Steve, or not, but uninsured admissions relative to uninsured adjusted admissions, did one sort of outpace the other? Is there any way to put some context around whether the admissions was growing sort of at a faster pace than the adjusted admission simply – or specifically for the uninsured?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Yeah. I mean, uninsured admissions, I did say earlier, were probably up 6% or 7% in the quarter. I don't really know what the adjusted admission number is for uninsureds. I would say that generally the adjusted admission number for uninsureds doesn't vary greatly from the admission number, just because we don't have the large component outpatient revenue that we have for our regular admissions. It's basically ER revenue is the bulk of the outpatient revenue that we have. So, there's usually not a huge difference.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. All right. That's fine. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Whit Mayo with Robert W. Baird.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey, thanks. Steve, do you feel like the acute care business has just gotten to be much more seasonal over the years? For years you've been earning less in the third quarter, more in the fourth quarter; anything just about physician behavior, vacation, employment benefits? I just don't know why we sit here and conclude that flat growth off of a year where your EBITDA expanded 85% is really a problem especially with this volume. So I feel like a lot of this is an overreaction, but I don't know. I'm just kind of curious as you scan the landscape and see what's going on, everyone's missing for different reasons right now. Just curious if you have any sort of perspective on what you think is occurring?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Well, thanks for the question, Whit. I think that the traditional seasonality of the business has been distorted over the last couple of years with the implementation of ACA, with Medicaid expansion in some of our big states, with commercial enrollment, commercial exchange enrollment, with the I think the dynamic in the fourth quarter – people exhausting co-pays and deductibles and having elective procedures done in the fourth quarter and that becoming more of an issue as co-pays and deductibles become a bigger part of the overall landscape. But I think the one sort of constant in all that is the third quarter has sort of traditionally been the weakest quarter. Honestly, when I saw our third quarter results a few weeks ago before anyone also commented on theirs, I generally thought they were kind of a slight miss that I attributed mostly to seasonality. I'm not actually sure that, having seen what other people have said, I really feel like that's wholly different. I mean again, I think we're – I'm back to the idea of feeling pretty good about a quarter in which lots of our surgeons and physicians are on vacation, lots of our patients are on vacation, elective procedures are usually down pretty significantly in the quarter, and we still grew our revenue by over 7%. I'm still feeling pretty good about the fundamental performance of that acute division.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): No, that's helpful. And just to be clear there, there wasn't any change in your charity care policy within the quarter, correct?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: That's correct.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And just one last one, just any update on the investigation?
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: No, not really. I think it – as we've sort of said, at some point we'll begin probably a more serious conversation with the government, but that has not occurred yet.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And we have no further questions. Thank you at this time.
Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP: Okay. Thanks to everybody and we'll talk to everybody at the end of the year. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Filton - Chief Financial Officer Alan Miller - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Michael Ha - Wedbush Securities A.J. Rice - UBS Josh Raskin - Barclays Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Joanna Gajuk - Bank of America Jason Gurda - KeyBanc Paula Torch - Avondale Partners Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Dana Nuntin - Deutsche Bank Whit Mayo - Robert Baird John Ransom - Raymond James Jennifer Lynch - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Universal Health Services Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Filton. Sir, you may begin.
Steve Filton: Thank you, Regina. Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2015. During the conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimate, and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in those forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015.. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $1.80 for the quarter. After adjusting each quarter’s reported results for the incentive income and expenses recorded in connection with the implementation of Electronic Health Record applications at our acute care hospitals as disclosed on the supplemental schedule included with last night earnings release. Adjusted net income attributable to UHS increased approximately 20% to $186.6 million or a $1.85 per diluted share during the second quarter of 2015, as compared to $155.6 million or a $1.55 per diluted share during the second quarter of last year. On a same facility basis in our acute division, revenues during the second quarter of 2015 increased 8.4% over last year's comparable quarter. The increase resulted primarily from a 5.7% increase in adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year and a 3.2% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same facility basis operating margins for our acute care hospitals increased to 19.8% during the second quarter of 2015 from 18.7% during the second quarter of 2014. On a same facility basis, net revenues in our Behavioral Health division increased 5.1% during the second quarter of 2015, as compared to the second quarter of 2014. During this years second quarter as compared to last years, adjusted admissions to our Behavioral Health facilities owned for more than a year increased to 4.2% and adjusted patient days increased 0.6%. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 4.1% during the second quarter of 2015 over the comparable prior year quarter. Operating margins for our Behavioral Health hospitals owned for more than a year were 28.5% and 28.4% during the quarters ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. For the six months ended June 30, 2015, our cash provided by operating activities increased approximately 16% to $532 million over the $458 million generated during the comparable six-month period of 2014. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased slightly to 54 days during the second quarter of 2015, as compared to 53 days during the second quarter of 2014. At June 30, 2015, our ratio of debt-to-total capitalization decreased to 42.8%, as compared to 47.0% at June 30, 2014. We spent $81 million on capital expenditures during the second quarter of 2015 and $171 million during the first six months of 2015. Based upon the operating trends and financial results experienced during the first six months of 2015, we are increasing our estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2015 to $6.75 to $7.15 per diluted share. This revised guidance which excludes the expected Electronic Health Records impact for the year represents an increase of approximately 9% to 10% from the previously provided range of $6.15 to $6.55 per diluted share. This guidance range which is subject to certain conditions including those set forth in last night's earnings release also excludes the impact of future items if applicable that are non-recurring or non-operational in nature including items such as, but not limited to, gains on sales of assets and businesses, costs related to extinguishment of debt, reserves for settlements, legal judgments and lawsuits, impairments of long-lived assets, impact of share repurchases and other material amounts that may be reflected in our financial statements that relate to prior periods. We would be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch: Yes. Good morning. Can you hear me?
Steve Filton: We hear you fine.
Matthew Borsch: Okay. I wanted to just ask on, if you could comment on the factors impacting pricing on the acute care side and what your outlook is on that front for the second half of the year?
Steve Filton: Sure, Matt. So, the 3 plus percent increase in revenue per adjusted admission was somewhat lower than we ran in the first quarter, but still very much within our expectations. I think it continues to be driven mostly by an improved payor mix, less uninsured patients, clearly our total uncompensated care decline for the quarter as it has the last six quarters now. But we are also, I think, in the second quarter had a pretty difficult comparison with the second quarter of last year. So we were -- we again -- we are pleased with the 3 plus percent revenue per unit growth. A lot of it being driven by increased government business Medicaid -- more Medicaid patients as result of the continued Medicaid expansion and in those states that are participating. And also increased Medicare utilization, which we reported as well in the first quarter of last year, not sure, I have a terribly insightful explanation for that, but I know that, some of the managed care companies have reported a similar dynamic, but we definitely saw increased Medicare utilization the quarter as well. So all those factors I think contributed to the acute care revenue per unit growth.
Matthew Borsch: Wouldn't the, I'm sorry, I am missing something here, but wouldn't the, I mean, the higher Medicaid volumes displacing sort of charity care uninsured, that make sense how that's going to positively impact the revenue per unit? But on the Medicare side, is that just sort of the same mix even though obviously Medicare isn't expressly offsetting uninsured, I mean, Medicare is lower certainly than commercial when you think about the pricing mix?
Steve Filton: Yeah. No. I think you make the right point and I probably shouldn’t have been Matt. So, yeah, I think, to the degree that we've got increased insured business whether it's government or commercial versus uninsured business, clearly that's driving the overall revenue per unit up to the degree that we got more Medicare and slightly less commercial that that tempers it some, yes, that’s correct.
Matthew Borsch: Okay. Okay. Sorry, I just wanted to make sure, I wasn't missing something and one last, in terms of the incremental volume improvement and you made the comments on Medicare, which is interesting? But do you still generally see that being two-thirds core economy and one-third ACA?
Steve Filton: Matt, we talked about this I think in Q1 and I think from our perspective as each quarter passes we sort of view the exercise of trying to parse out where volume growth is being generated whether its ACA related or economy related becomes more and more difficult, and honestly from our perspective sort of less and less meaningful. So I think in this quarter we effectively sort of stop doing that analysis and really are much more interested in things like geographies and service lines and payor mix and that sort of thing and really a focus a lot less on trying to sort of parse out exactly what the ACA related.
Matthew Borsch: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Wedbush Securities.
Michael Ha: Hi. This is Michael Ha on for Sarah. Just kind of following up on…
Alan Miller: Please speak up.
Michael Ha: Hi. Can you hear me?
Alan Miller: Yeah.
Steve Filton: Yeah. That’s better.
Michael Ha: Hi. So, this is Michael Ha for Sarah. Just kind of following up on Matt’s question, same facility acute care adjusted admissions growth grew by 5.7% -- the same growth in both 1Q and 2Q. In 1Q, you mentioned those numbers, especially volume counts would be difficult to sustain moving through the year. How should we be looking at this for the back half of the year?
Alan Miller: Look. And I wish that we had perfect insight into that dynamic. You are absolutely right. So we’ve run 5.7% adjusted admission growth for the first half of the year. That is really significant improvement over what we've been running but I think even if look at in the broader context and look at it back over multiple years in the decade or two, I mean that’s at a high-end that our business has run at in it sort of best day. So I think to some degree we have the view that it’s going to be difficult to sustain that level of growth. We -- obviously we work hard to do so and are focused on doing it. But I think to be realistic about it and I think in the way that we crafted our guidance for the balance of the year, we presume that that growth slows some. And I was speaking with somebody last night and made the point that look if we think, acute-care same-store revenue growth is 3% or 3.5% in the back half of the year. If you would have asked us that a year ago, I think, asked just about anybody observing the acute care business, they would have been pleased with that sort of growth. So I think we're looking for that volume growth to moderate some in the back half of the year although we will certainly work hard to maintain what we've experienced in the first half.
Michael Ha: Thank you. Also, debt-to-EBITDA this quarter was lower sequentially. And you guys had mentioned previously that you wouldn't let that leverage continue any lower from current levels. Taking this into account and seeing that your M&A activity has been slower year-to-date versus peers, how do you see the pipeline compared to last year -- smaller or just as big?
Alan Miller: I think it’s always hard to judge but I do think that we have a sense that there is sort of an increased level of activity. We seem to be reviewing a number of deals, potential deals in both the business segments. It's always hard to predict what might materialize or not materialize. But certainly I think we've been of the mind that it looks to us like there may be more opportunities in the next 12 months than they have been in some time.
Michael Ha: Great, great. Thank you. And just one last question, on the behavioral front, you saw an increase in length of stays sequentially. Is your conversion of residential beds to acute beds completed? And could that be the driver of the increase or do you believe this is more related to stabilizing trend of length of stay that's starting to pick up?
Alan Miller: Yeah. So I think you have to be careful at what you look at. If you look at length of stay a same-store basis, it’s still down 3.5% or so from last year. If you look at it on a total divisional basis, it’s up. But I think that’s largely because it includes the U.K. facilities which clearly have a longer length of stay. So I would sort of echo many of the statements that we made in Q1, which is we still see length of stay declining some. Although we also believe that some of that decline is kind of self-imposed or self initiated as we convert more beds from residential to acute. So which I think is reflected in the fact that even though we have lower length of stay and lower patient days, we have higher revenue per day. The 4 plus percent revenue per day growth is, I think, among the best that we’ve seen in some time. And again, I think is reflective of our efforts to convert from residential to acute beds.
Michael Ha: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice: Hello, everybody. Maybe first I'll ask you to comment a little bit on the geographies. Obviously with the strong results you're probably seeing strength across the board. But is there anything to call out on geographies? In particular, maybe in addition to Vegas and Texas which we always talk about, anything on the new facilities and how they're coming on line that you've -- in the last -- that you added in the last year or so?
Alan Miller: Sure A.J. So I think your comment is well taken in the sense, that I think when you have almost 6% in same-store adjusted admission growth and over 8% same-store revenue growth in the acute division, you basically, I think have to assume and I think it will be correct to assume that there is pretty strong performance across the portfolio. It would be difficult if there weren’t to post those kind of numbers. On the other hand, what we did in Q1 was we called out the performance of the Vegas market and the Riverside County market in California. Those two markets again I would say outperform the divisional averages in Q2 and that includes sort of to your question the Temecula facility, which has been open for about a year and half, maybe a little bit longer at this point. But I think what's really impressive about that Riverside County market is not only Temecula is doing quite a bit better than it did last year, probably not a surprise and so we’re just ramping up but our other hospitals in that market are also doing better. So that’s a real strong market in addition to the Vegas market which continues to outperform. And I think that's also within our expectations in the sense that through several years of the recession, we talked about what a drag the Vegas market was for us. And we were so used to it being an outperforming market that the difficulties and high unemployment in that market were a real struggle for us. But as the market has improved and as unemployment has dropped in the Las Vegas market like 6.5% from the high 15% at the height of the recession, I think our business has in turn improved both volume wise and payer mix wise. And so we see that. The flipside is, I think the Texas market was a little bit slower. Again. I think that's a relative term. It’s still up. It’s still has positive volume growth but in terms of our different geographies, it’s probably performing under the average whereas Vegas and California are performing over the average.
A.J. Rice: Okay. And maybe just switching gears for a follow-up on the psych business side. Since the first quarter there's been this proposed rule out of CMS mainly related to Medicaid managed care, but it does incorporate some language around at least partially alleviating the IMD exclusion that's impacted your psych business. Can you give us a little flavor for what the impact of that would be if it goes ahead and gets implemented? And any thoughts on timing on when we might see that actually happen?
Alan Miller: Sure. Well, as you suggest, I mean that rule was issued, I believe, at the beginning -- early June if I'm remembering correctly. And as a consequence, CMS can issue a finalized rule until early August. And then that sort of the earliest they could do it, they can certainly do it after that. What the rule would do and I think it was pressed for quite frankly by the manage Medicaid companies is it would allow those companies to contract with whoever they chose based on certain conditions. But they would be able to contract for adult Medicaid patients regardless of the IMD exclusion rule. So we certainly believe that if that rule is finalized in your anything close to the form that it was proposed and depending on when it is effective, we will get a -- certainly get a benefit from that. Difficult for us to quantify what that benefit is because we never had those patients really before us. So it's mostly guesstimate work at this point but we’re certainly looking forward to the final rule being issued and starting to contract with those manage Medicaid companies for their adult Medicaid patients. We view that as a nice potential tailwind for this business. So we're anxiously awaiting the issuance of the rule.
A.J. Rice: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Steve Filton: Good morning, A.J.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Barclays.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. First question, just on the expense side of things. Overall seeing good control there, I'm just curious, are you seeing anything in terms of wages in your markets, and any market specifically, any pressure, et cetera, on wage growth?
Steve Filton: Look, I think it’s always a competitive market, Josh and I’m hoping that's really changed. But I think if you look at it, one of the reasons why acute care margins are up is that when revenue increases and when volume increases the way that it does, there is just the nature of the hospital operating model, there's four efficient providers that’s usually a fair amount of operating leverage to the exercise. And I think our operators deserve credit for doing so. So yeah, I mean, clearly as a percentage of revenue, our salaries are down and we’re exercising some of that leverage. Even though I do believe that there is a fair amount of wage pressure in some of our markets.
Josh Raskin: Okay. But it sounded like, Steve, you don't think that's changed, that wage pressure, nothing you would call out relative to say last year?
Steve Filton: No, I don’t there has been significant developments now.
Josh Raskin: Okay. And then on the psych side of the business, have you guys thought about other lines, ancillary sort of services beyond just the operation of the actual psych facility?
Steve Filton: So I'm not exactly sure of what that implies. I mean, again, we do offer a wide array of behavioral services. We tend to talk about them in terms of acute and residential. But we’re one of the largest provider of specialty behavioral services and have been for a long time specializing in things, like eating disorders and sexual trauma and all kinds of other specialties. And so we continue to do that. And I think we will continue to do so. I know that you know addiction treatment is kind of a hot topic in the industry. But we've been -- we probably have eight or nine facilities that are dedicated to a CD and addiction treatment. We also have for a long time now had a real emphasis on supporting behavioral disorders within the military. We have what we call our Patriot Support Program and that is a program that is fairly widespread throughout the division. So in terms of service lines, I think we touch on most of them and continue to look for ways to expand them. Autism is another one that we’ve clearly emphasized more in the last few years. In terms of other behavioral-related services, we had outpatient services in the number of our markets, not really sure what else you might be alluding to. But we’re always open to ways as the largest behavioral inpatient provider in the country always looking for ways to enhance and kind of make that position more robust. So I think we’re open to just about everything.
Josh Raskin: Yes. I was thinking outpatient and addiction treatment, etcetera, so that's very helpful. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg with Susquehanna Financial.
Chris Rigg: Good morning. Thanks. I know at this point you're kind of saying it's a fruitless exercise to try to isolate ACA-driven strength, but at the same time, I guess people are still trying to get a sense for how much that could be helping you out in the industry. So is it possible to sort of -- when you think about the pockets of volume strength, commercial, Medicare, Medicaid, where the relative outperformance was in those buckets, where you saw the most pronounced improvement year-to-year volume trends? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, and I suspect my answer was still be unsatisfactory for you, Chris, in the sense that, I think what we’ve said for a while is that look we assume that the growth in our Medicaid patient base and utilization is related at least in large part to Medicaid expansion. We see it quite clearly most dramatically in those states, Nevada, California, the District of Columbia that have participated in Medicaid expansion. Although as others have noted, we've seen Medicaid utilization increases in our non-expansion states as well, I guess most people referred to that as the woodworker fact and we certainly have seen that as well. Some of the commercial growth clearly comes from expansion patients. That’s the trickiest part for us. It has not always been easy for us to identify exactly who is a commercial exchange patient and who is just a regular commercial patient. So that’s where I think we've always felt was the greatest level of imprecision. And then as I said in the last couple of quarters, we’ve clearly seen an increase in our Medicare utilization, which is difficult for us quite frankly to attribute either to the ACA impact or quite frankly to economic improvement only because historically our Medicare utilization has been relatively insensitive to those sort of factors. But that’s kind of where we've seen our payer mix go.
Chris Rigg: Okay. And then one big picture question. I guess with King pretty well behind us, there's a theory that that's a catalyst for additional states to opt into Medicaid?
Steve Filton: Go ahead, Chris.
Chris Rigg: Sorry. That's a catalyst for states to opt into Medicaid expansion sooner rather than later. I guess could you give us your take as to whether that really is a game-changer, and that you will see states move to expand Medicaid over the near term versus just keep delaying it? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, honestly, Chris, I wish I could predict this very accurately. I mean, in lot of our case, I think you're really talking about a couple of states that really make the difference. For us the two states that have not chosen to participate in Medicaid expansion that I think would make a significant difference in our acute care operations would be Florida and Texas. I think all sorts of people have speculated on the likelihood that those states might or might not choose to do so in the future. I don't know whether the Supreme Court ruling really makes that more likely or not. I don't think we used to have a view that in either of those states that Medicaid expansion is going to take place imminently. So we continue to work for it along with the state hospital associations and others in those states, but I wouldn’t make a prediction as to how likely that is.
Chris Rigg: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Joanna Gajuk: Good morning. This is actually Joanna Gajuk filling in for Kevin today. Thanks for taking the question here. So I just want to come back a little bit to the question earlier about the capital deployment. And I guess you talk about interest in other I guess areas in psych, but is there anything on the acute care side in terms of the deals that you might be considering? Or maybe outside of acute, any sort of outpatient sites you're also looking to add? Or any color around the capital deployment here, or whether maybe you're more focused on increasing your CapEx spending?
Steve Filton: So Joanna, just to be clear about what I said, what I was clear about saying that we have seen an increased number of opportunities in both of the business segment, both acute and behavioral. And I think it's in both cases sort of across the continuum. Meaning, it’s hospitals it maybe outpatient facilities, it maybe physician type practices, and we are exploring all those items. I think the landscape of healthcare is such that it's changing and that payers and employers are looking for more comprehensive and coordinated continuum of care and looking for sort of the ability to go to one or two providers, who can really kind of sort of provide that. So we are very focused on that in both of the divisions. And I think that it creates I think a universe of opportunities that is broader than what we necessarily have been used to for the last few years. So we will say now again I -- as I also said before, I think it's always difficult to predict how this is going to sort out and what will really become actionable and what won't. But I think we’re very focused on what those opportunities might be again in both business segments.
Joanna Gajuk: All right. And then on the -- more on the policy side here, can you comment about the proposed mandatory joint replacement demonstration, or the bundle that came out? How do you feel it could impact the industry and your business in particular? And also, maybe briefly on the -- I guess the set of hospital payment reforms that came out from the House Ways and Means Committee just recently? I know it's very early stages, but any color you can give us would be helpful. Thank you.
Steve Filton: Joanna, I am not going to sort of comment on really specific developments in part because I don’t know that we've had a full opportunity to review them. But I am going to just sort of to reiterate a little bit and maybe expand on the comment I made before. We certainly have a view that the reimbursement mechanisms that have been sort of the historic ones for the industry are changing. They are changing I think incrementally. And I think that change will continue to be incremental. But we are doing great many things to prepare for that, to prepare for things like accepting bundle payments and accepting Capitated payments in some very limited instances etcetera, because I think we do think that’s at least part of the future of the industry. And so we’re very focused on that. Now exactly what form that’s going to take, to what degree the government is going to initiate that or the initiation will really come from the private sector, hard for us to predict at this moment. But I will tell you, and there is probably not enough time in the context of this call to discuss it meaningfully. But we've got a number of initiatives underway to make sure that we are absolutely prepared for that.
Joanna Gajuk: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gurda with KeyBanc.
Jason Gurda: Good morning. Thank you. Steve, I saw in the news that the Doctors Hospital of Renaissance had filed to expand or double the size of the number of beds, but they have to get approval from CMS. Do you have any sense for how likely that is?
Alan Miller: We don’t. As you might imagine, there are others in the market I think who are sort of questioning the appropriateness of that. And so as CMS will have to weigh, I think a number of different factors as they think about that. But for those who followed us for a long time know that the physician owned hospital in the McAllen market is a formidable competitor of ours. When they first opened, we had a fairly significant diminution in our earnings in that market. We’ve regained a lot of that over the years and done a number of things to strengthen our position in the market, including a number of physician integration strategies, a number of physical strategies, physical improvements. And again, I think we feel like we are well positioned in the market regardless of what the physician hospital ultimately is able to do.
Jason Gurda: Okay. I'm not sure if you're going to want to comment on this or not, but I'd be interested in hearing maybe an update on your relationship of working with EmCare?
Alan Miller: Yeah. I mean, EmCare is the emergency room provider in probably the majority of our acute care hospitals and they provide some other physician contract services in some of our hospitals as well. As with any sort of contract service vendor, we work closely with them to try and provide services that are both satisfactory to our patients and to our other physicians, as well as from our perspective, cost efficient. And I think EmCare is a good solid company. We will continue to work with them. But as always, we will continue to explore all the alternatives to increase patient satisfaction and increase our cost efficiency at the same time.
Jason Gurda: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Paula Torch with Avondale Partners.
Paula Torch: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to focus on the U.K. for a second. Just wondering how that business is progressing in the behavioral side. Are you happy with it and maybe how much is that business contributing to your overall behavioral revenue, and what are some of the growth plans there for the next 12 months?
Alan Miller: Yeah. So, Paula, I think that we talked little bit in Q1 and I will largely repeat those comments in the sense that when we bought Cygnet in the U.K. late in the third quarter of ’14, they were already operating at what we consider to be high occupancy levels, probably around 80%, maybe the low 80s. We've been extremely pleased because I think they are now operating at close to 90%. And so while we didn't think there was a tremendous opportunity for improvement, we’ve based on our short period of ownership have already experienced some fairly significant incremental improvement that has been very beneficial. I will say that -- at the end of the day, we acquired a company that had roughly $170 million, $180 million of revenues and $40 million of EBITDA, something like that. So, it’s not a terribly material part of our behavioral business or certainly of our consolidated results at the moment. But we also viewed it as a platform for growth. We've already in the short time, we've owned them and announced a small acquisition in a number of bed expansion opportunities, both de novo facilities as well, as incremental bed expansions and existing facilities. So, I think it is turning out to be everything that we expect it would be and maybe more. And the hope is that it continues to be a platform for growth in the future. And that we will continue to expand both the existing facilities, as well as find other opportunities to acquire streams of EBITDA in that period.
Paula Torch: And just as a follow-up to that, 90% occupancy is certainly high. I know you mentioned de novos and bed expansion and so that should help sort of fill in some of that demand. But wondering on the acquisition front, are there some larger players still in that market that you could think about acquiring? And what are some of your thoughts there, I guess in terms of how big you want to actually take this business?
Alan Miller: The challenge when asked -- anywhere whether it’s in the U.K. or the U.S. about acquiring other consolidated players is -- unfortunately that decision is largely up to those other players. There are other consolidated players in the U.K. and we certainly are doing our best to stay in touch with those players into the degree that any of those players decide that they are looking to pursue some other strategy, whether it's an exit strategy or joint venture strategy or some sort of partnership to develop new facilities. We’d be interested in all of those opportunities. So the difficulty of sort of pegging kind of a likelihood of that is again, this is largely dependent on what somebody else wants to do or chooses to do so. For the most part although we try and stay on top of it, we have to be reactive to that.
Paula Torch: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color there. Just one last one, maybe for me. Certainly a very strong first half, you raised guidance. And it seems like the second half we're still taking a little bit more of a prudent approach. So just wondering what type of metrics do we need to see on the revenue side to maybe hit the high mark in that EPS guidance?
Alan Miller: So, I would say that to get to the high end of the EPS guidance, Paula, we’d have to sustain most of the metrics that you’ve seen in the first quarter, including the volume growth which I think is probably the most aggressive piece of it as I mentioned before. I think realistically, we’ve assume that there will be some tempering of that volume growth. And I would suggest that the midpoint of our guidance sort of is -- would sort of suggest that there is, at least a bit of tampering of that sort of growth. I think the high end is -- would be more of a continuation of all the trends that we’ve seen in the first half.
Paula Torch: Okay. Thank you. That’s very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Ana Gupte: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. So, I wanted to again tease out some of the elements of what were the drivers of the guidance raise. Some of this might be, Steve, a repetition or at least a follow-up of what others have already asked. But in February you were pretty conservative. The pull-through to EBITDA was weaker than the street had expected.  So firstly, when you raised guidance this time, is this because the exchange enrollment that you had factored in was lower than what eventually manifested itself, or are you more confident at this point in the mid-point of the year on the economic recovery as a driver of the volumes?
Steve Filton: Again, Ane, a little bit of your question is sort of based on this idea of what’s driving the improvement -- not to be repetitive but I think we struggle ourselves with exactly what is driving the improvement. I would say again what makes us confident about raising guidance after the first half of the year is simply the acute care future performance, which clearly was an outperformance in the first half. It's really based on the strong revenue growth and I think that strong revenue growth is really driven by this 5.7% increase in adjusted admissions, which honestly is well above what we were guiding to and what we were budgeting for when the year began. And as sort of suggested in my answer to Paula, I think that’s the sort of trickiest variable from our perspective as we think about the back half of the year. We certainly believe that our acute care demand will continue. It will be strong. Whether it will be quite as strong as the 5.7%, which again, I’m going to make the point is really at the very high end of our historical trends, not just us as a company but as an industry. Whether that can continue, I’m not clear and again, we've tempered a little bit in our guidance. But I think that's what's really driving the confidence here is that strong, very consistent performance in the first half of the year and especially in Q2, when I think the comparisons were far more difficult.
Ana Gupte: And then on the Medicaid utilization that you alluded to that's accelerating. I know the payer mix is not that clear at all times, but any color on whether this is from the Medicare Advantage side of it, versus the government Medicare that's up? And any color on the types of the acuity and the types of procedures and services that you're seeing in Medicare?
Alan Miller: Sure. So, we always look at our Medicare and Medicaid blocks of business in total and we look at them as, both the managed portion and the traditional portion in part because they are certainly a continuing shift of patience from the traditional Medicaid and Medicare programs to the managed Medicare and Medicaid programs. So if I were to question the directly like that, I would say no, clearly the increase in Medicare utilization is coming from an increase in Medicare Advantage patients. But I don't know that that's all that meaningful because clearly, there are just more Medicaid Advantage patients today than there were a year ago or two years ago whatever. But the overall, we’ve seen more total Medicare and total Medicaid patients. That to me is the meaningful dynamic. In terms of who those patients are and what's driving them, as we review our service lines, as we review our surgical lines, et cetera, we see strength really across the board, orthopedics, cardiology, oncology, all the service lines that are traditional sort of Medicare intensive service line. So I wouldn’t point to a particular procedure or diagnoses, et cetera, that's really driving this strength. I think it's pretty much across that board.
Ana Gupte: That's very helpful. Thanks, Steve. On the Texas economy and the Medicaid concerned that you had in February and it seems like the oil and gas, and I know you're not fully levered to those geographies, but just broadly speaking the layoffs haven't abated if anything they're accelerating, are you comfortable at this point that there will not be any Medicaid funding pressures or might we see that further down the line?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So, I think, the answer is little bit of both, I think, that we don’t think there is any immediate threats to our reimbursement funding in the State of Taxes. I think that that’s always over the longer-term you look out the more uncertainty there might be. We have seen in an earlier question or in response to an earlier question, I said that, our Texas markets have performed a little bit more modestly than some of our other markets like Vegas and California. So, I don't know if that’s the economic impact of a slightly slowing economy. Honestly, Texas is a big state and we’re only in a handful of markets in the State. So I don't know whether our performance or our experience is necessarily reflective of what's going on more broadly. But for us at least, Texas has slowed a little bit. Again, I made the point earlier that's a relative term, Texas markets are ahead of last year and both volume wise and earnings wise, but not quite as much ahead as some of those -- some of our other markets like California and Vegas.
Ana Gupte: And then one final one if I may, on the consolidation that's now been announced in managed care, out of the two deals, the two mega-deals, would you see both as potentially impacting the pricing dynamic? One is more of a complementary rather than an overlapping commercial-only story. The other one is commercial. Any thoughts on that and what might be the strategic response from the hospital industry?
Steve Filton: I mean, it's difficult to respond. I think, first of all, I think, the industry, the provider industry broadly will, I think, raise questions about the lack of competitiveness or diminution in competitiveness that these transactions might drive. And I think one of things the industry will point out is that it may not necessarily be or they -- the most appropriate way to look at this may not simply be on a service line business that I think when an insurer in a market gets increased commercial lives and increase manager lives at the same time that increases their market power in the market, even though there might be two different service lines. So I think the industry as a whole will make those points as the government reviews these transactions. And I certainly are not smart enough to know how that’s going to play out. I think for us individually, we know we tend to look at these things very much in a market by market basis. We have spend and our focus to a lot of our internal efforts over the last decade or two at enhancing and increasing our market positions in all of our markets, both acute and behavioral care. Not that we necessarily had a view that this is the way the insurance industry would sort out. But we had a view that look, we would need as much market power as possible to deal with payers of every stripe of government and private payers. And so, I think in general, we're fairly comfortable with the market positions and market share percentages that we have in most of our markets. So in a very specific UHS sense, I don't know that we have any grave concerns about this payer consolidation dynamic. But I think as a provider generally, we think the payer consolidation will provide some limits and some restrictions on consumer choice and consumer costs et cetera.
Ana Gupte: That's very helpful. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I think most of the good ones have been taken. You were waiting for some California provider fees, I think, at the last quarter. Any update on those?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So those were approved and we did record them in the quarter. Gary, it’s a relatively small number for us, probably $3 million or $4 million in the quarter. And for us, it was really just an acceleration of an item that we had sort of guided to or assume would occur in the second half of the year. So it doesn't really affect our sort of full-year guidance or full year expectations.
Gary Lieberman: Got it. And then Alan, maybe I'd be interested in your thoughts on the current GOP field of candidates for President?
Alan Miller: Well, we have a very exciting 17 candidates, so you’ve heard about that I’m sure.
Gary Lieberman: Yes.
Alan Miller: There will be a debate on August 6, let see and it’s too early to really say much of anything. So we’ll see.
Gary Lieberman: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Nuntin with Deutsche Bank.
Dana Nuntin: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the call. I know you touched on this briefly, but is there any color you could provide on how surgical trends performed in the quarter, maybe inpatient versus out patient?
Steve Filton: Sure. Dana, I mean we made the point and I think we’ve made the point and I think we’ve made it actually on the last two quarters that the most interesting development from a surgical trend perspective is that inpatient surgical -- inpatient surgeries are growing faster than outpatient really for the first time in a very long time. And honestly that trend continued into Q2 as well. So that to me is the most interesting trend. And then the only other thing I’d emphasize or point out is what I said to, Ana, that as we look at those surgical procedures, there's not a particular service line or diagnosis that’s really driving the growth. It tends to be fairly widespread both geographically and service line wise.
Dana Nuntin: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with Robert Baird.
Whit Mayo: Hey, good morning. Steve, I know you don't give quarterly guidance, but generally you tend to earn about 21% to maybe 23% of your full year acute care EBITDA within the third quarter. And I think sometimes we forget about the seasonal earnings progression. Just any reason as you look at your internal budgets that would be materially different this time around?
Steve Filton: No. I think the historical trend of the third quarter being the softest quarter for the hospital industry in general and certainly for us. I don’t think we would see any reason why that wouldn't hold up in 2015 as well.
Whit Mayo: Okay. We tend to -- the street sometimes tends to get a little ahead of you sometimes in the third quarter, so just appreciate that. And can you just comment on employment strategy? This hasn't really been a focus I think internally at UHS as perhaps others. And that's perhaps a cultural dynamic in some of your markets. But where do you think you are in the industry as within that particular cycle?
Steve Filton: White, I always think -- couple of things. I don’t think UHS sort of emphasizes it, as we talked about the business as much as some of our peers. But it doesn't mean that we have not employed physicians. I think we view, physician employment the way we view a lot of our market strategies and market development and business development strategies and they are very market specific. So, there is some markets in which we have a significant amount of physician employment. McAllen is one, Texoma is another. There are other markets like Las Vegas where in general, the market has not seen a lot of physician employment for a variety of reasons, so we’ll see. We continue to do what we think is the most appropriate competitive thing in every market. We definitely have a view that physician integration is going to be more and more important as time goes on and we certainly are doing what we can in that regard in some cases, employing physicians, in many cases, working with physicians to integrate our information technologies. We think that's a very important strategy. We’ll continue to do that. But we’ll also continue to be judicious about it because at the end of the day, we think that most hospitals lose money on own physician practices. And obviously, that's an end result that if we can avoid, we will prefer to avoid it.
Whit Mayo: Okay. And maybe my last one, just to follow-up on Gary's question around the California provider fee. Did you actually receive any payments from the state in the quarter? Can you comment on Texas DSRIP? I can't remember if you have any AR tied up there and whether or not you've received any cash as well?
Steve Filton: So as far as California goes Whit, I don’t believe that we received the monies that I referenced in my response to Gary. I think the program has just been approved, and we recognized that although again those are not a big numbers. Texas DSRIP, we definitely have received some Texas DSRIP numbers. And when we file the Q next week, you’ll be able to see that, we’ll spell that out.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Ransom with Raymond James.
John Ransom: It's really hard to be clever after all these good questions. But I was just as one final one. You guys hired John Rizzo recently. I was just curious about the rationale behind that hire? And what different perspectives you may or may not be looking for? Thanks.
Steve Filton: He is, we think, an exceptionally fine experienced talent. And we're always looking to improve and add to our talent base our executives and we have high expectation for him. He is a development guy basically, strategy and development.
John Ransom: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jennifer Lynch with BMO Capital Markets.
Jennifer Lynch: Good morning. Thanks for fitting me in here. One quick follow-up on the U.K. Can you guys just give us any color on U.K. rates for the behavioral business and how those are acting directionally? And then maybe what you're including in your outlook for those rates through the back half of the year? Thanks very much.
Steve Filton: So Jen, when we bought Cygnet, I think we had a view that as we model that acquisition, that rates from the NHS, which 95% plus of our patients, our NHS patient would be relatively kind of flat to maybe up 1% in for the foreseeable future on an annual basis. I don't think any of our current experience in our nine months of ownership or so has really made us think any differently about that. So I think our actual performance has kind of fit into that. And I think as we continue to think about the next few years, we still think that’s the right way of thinking about the business. And so any growth from that business is much more likely to come from volume growth than it is from rate growth.
Jennifer Lynch: Great. That’s helpful. Thanks very much.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
Steve Filton: Okay. We thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking with everyone again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Filton - CFO Alan Miller - CEO
Analysts: Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America. Paula Torch - Avondale Partners A.J. Rice - UBS Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets Whit Mayo - Robert Baird Joshua Raskin - Barclays Dana Nuntin - Deutsche Bank Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo John Ransom - Raymond James
Operator: Good morning my name is Kelly and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Universal Health Services First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Filton, you may begin your conference.  Steve Filton Thank you and good morning. Alan Miller our CEO is also joining us this morning, welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2015. During the conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimate and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements.  For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the Company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $1.73 for the quarter. After adjusting depreciation and amortization expense associated with the implementation of electronic health record applications at our acute care hospitals our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $1.78 for the quarter ended March 31, 2015. On a same facility basis in our acute care division revenues increased 12.2% during the first quarter of 2015. The increase resulted primarily from a 5.7% increase in adjusted admissions and a 6.1% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same facility basis operating margins for our acute care hospitals increased to 21.6% during the first quarter of 2015 from 19.2% during the first quarter of 2014. On a same facility basis, revenues in our behavioral health division increased 6.3% during the first quarter of 2015. Adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 6.0% and adjusted patient days increased 2.6% over the prior year first quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 3.7% during the first quarter of 2015 over the comparable prior year quarter.  On a same facility basis, operating margins for our behavioral health division increased to 28.6% during the quarter ended March 31, 2015 as compared to 27.7% during the comparable prior during the comparable prior year period. Our cash provided by operating activities increased 39% to approximately 271 million during the first quarter of 2-015 as compared to 195 million in the first quarter of 2014. Our accounts receivable days outstanding remained at 56 days during comparable first quarters of 2015 and 2014. Our ratio of debt to total capitalization decreased to 44.6% March 31, 2015 as compared to 48.6% at March 31, 2014. During the first quarter of 2015, we spent $89 million dollars on capital expenditures. During the quarter we completed construction and opened 54 new beds in our acute care division and 148 new behavioral health beds at some of our busiest behavioral facilities. Alan and I would be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Q - Kevin Fischbeck: I guess the market often times has a hard time getting your numbers right on a quarter-to-quarter basis. How would you characterize this quarter versus your internal expectations? 
Steve Filton: Sure Kevin, at least certainly would share the view that this was a strong quarter. I would note that our internal expectations for the quarter were somewhat higher than the street’s, maybe by $0.07 or $0.08. So we didn't we didn't have quite as much of an internally beat still a very nice beat in the quarter. But it's also part of the reason why we chose not to revise our guidance at this point.
Kevin Fischbeck: If there's anything that you could point to that kind of, versus your internal budget, where numbers came in a little bit stronger?
Steve Filton: Yes, my guess is, directionally our experience was much like the street expectations and model and that clearly the biggest excess over budget or expectations was in the acute division, the 12% plus revenue growth, same-store revenue growth in acute division and it was well in excess of the 7% to 8% that we talked about having guided to in our 2015 guidance, so that was clearly the biggest element of the beat.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then I know that you guys usually don't update numbers with Q1, but any thoughts about how reform is coming in versus your expectations? And I will jump off.
Steve Filton: Sure. Look I think we've made the point, throughout 2014 that I think the science if you will of identifying the discrete impact of reform was difficult in 2015 I think as we move into the second year of reform implementation it becomes even sort of more blurry from our perspective. I think that we estimated that about 6% to 7% of our acute care EBITDA would come from reform patients either Medicaid expansion patients or commercial exchange patients and I think we still believe that that's a best guess number and I think we ran, at that rate in Q1. One but again I'll I will sort of caveat that I think we believe that it is becoming more and more difficult to precisely identify that impact and I think it will be become even more difficult as time passes.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Paula Torch with Avondale Partners.
Paula Torch: Great, thank you so much for taking the question and congrats on a very nice quarter to start the year. I just wanted to know if you could update us on the percentage of the business that may be related to the economic environment improving and maybe how we should think about those trends for the rest of the year in 2015? And also if you could give us more color on may be your larger markets and what is happening in Texas, Florida and Vegas?
Steve Filton: Sure, Paula. I think what we’ve said in 2014 was reattributed something like 35% to 40% of our acute care improvement to a CA related impact, a comparable amount of 35% to 40% to just the economic improvement in our market and then the remaining 15% to 20% to kind of discrete market share improvement et cetera in our individual markets. Again, it strikes me that those percentages are probably still reasonably accurate in 2015. In terms of sort of geographically how the quarter looked, we had a very, very strong quarter in our Las Vegas market. Volumes were very strong in the Las Vegas market, we continue to see a full quarter's worth of benefit of the Medicaid expansion in Nevada which is a Medicaid expansion state obviously. And so just real strong results in the Las Vegas market in Q1.
Paula Torch: And do you think some of the strength is sustainable throughout the year, I mean you talked about the 7% to 8% increase, we had a 12%, so would that mean that just given the difficult compares that we might see some softness sort of as we go through or is it too soon to tell?
Steve Filton: Well I think part of the reason why, we made no change to guidance is that I think after one quarter e think its generally premature to make changes to the outlook. We certainly feel like the core strength that the both business segments demonstrated in Q1 is largely sustainable. I mean that 12+% same store revenue growth in acute division, particularly as the year progresses and the comparisons become more difficult and the volume comparisons in particular become more difficult, I think it will be difficult to sustain but I think the core directional trends that are very strong in the two businesses we certainly believe should be sustainable.
Paula Torch: Okay, thank you for that color. And I just wanted to know, what do you attribute the strength in the revenue or the pricing per adjusted admit to? Is there anything in particular that you could call out for us that happened during the quarter in terms of pricing or payer-mix shift?
Steve Filton: I think it's a continuation of some of the trends that we called out in the fourth quarter. We talked about in Q4, very strong surgical volume strength. We saw those same trends in Q1. I highlighted in Q4 the fact that I think for the first time, at least in recent memory our inpatient surgical growth rate was higher than our outpatient, we saw that same dynamic continue into Q1. So that's certainly driving a lot of the sort of acuity element of the revenue improvement and then secondly we just had that continued pair mix improvement. We anticipated that 2015 would benefit from a full year of that enrollment that we saw occur, sort of incrementally throughout 2014 and I think Q1 was a reflection of that. And again in particularly in places like Las Vegas which had a huge Medicaid expansion growth in ’14 and you're seeing that play-out in a full quarter in the first quarter of 2015.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice: First of all, obviously you had a good cash flow quarter as well as operating quarter. But you didn't do too much in the buyback mode. Is that indicative of you are seeing an uptick in deal activity or any thoughts about the buyback going forward?
Steve Filton: So the first quarter is a little different for us and I think for most in the sense we spend most of the first quarter in a quiet period so most of the buyback during the first quarter is done in our case under [indiscernible] pre-planned repurchase that we established some price and parameters around and you know sometimes we missed those estimates. So I think I wouldn’t read be relatively modest repurchases in Q1 to be terribly meaningful in any regard. I'll repeat what we have said in the last few quarters since the buyback authorization in Q2 of 2014 was approved by the board and that is we anticipate we're going to generate a significant amount of free cash. We're not really anxious to see our leverage levels go any lower than they were when we established the share buyback. And while we continue to explore opportunities in the M& A space in both of the business segments, I think we feel comfortable we have the room to do -- most size deals as well as share repurchase as well as continuing CapEx at the current levels. So we're really comfortable that we can accomplish all those things and still maintain what in our minds is a comfortable leverage level.
A.J. Rice: And I might also just ask you, because we get asked a lot about it. A couple of weeks ago you filed another 8-K indicating some additional request for information in the behavioral business. Broadly, I will just throw out on the table, is there anything that can be said about what is happening behind the scenes there? And then I would also throw it out in terms of the operating performance looking at the behavioral business from a high level, doesn't look like those inquiries are having any impact, at least in aggregate on the business. Is that your assessment of it or anything we should be aware of?
Steve Filton: So the investigation has been on going now for a little over two years, A.J. we take it very seriously. We've cooperated fully with the government and we have responded to all their requests and continue to respond to any new and incremental requests that they make. But I think your observation is a fair one in the sense that we also continue to operate our business consistent with what we believe are the highest standards and will continue to do so. I think, unfortunately those who follow the industry know that these investigations can be a long process and it certainly has been long already but I also don't believe it's necessarily in its end stages so it may go on for a while and while it does we'll continue to take it seriously and comply with the government and cooperate with the government but at the same time we're going to continue to run the business which we feel delivers high quality, care throughout the portfolio.
A.J. Rice: Okay, maybe I will slip in a last technical question. The California-provider fee, I think you were not accruing previously the managed care portion, did you accrue anything in this quarter? And what might that be if it ever comes to fruition for you.
Steve Filton: So we did not recognize any incremental California UPL drive in the quarter and I think if it were to be approved, it's probably another my recollection , A.J. is another sort of $5 million to $6 million It's not a huge number.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thank you, good morning. I just wanted to jump to the behavioral side, do you think there was any help from mental health parity in the quarter, any way to discern that? And then I know we talk about this every quarter, but any more visibility or optimism around sort of the length of stay challenges?
Steve Filton: So I think on the length of stay issue, we continue to see length of stay declined, although I'll repeat a comment that I made in the fourth quarter and I think it continued into Q1 and that is that at least some of that length of stay decline at least in the last few quarters is self-imposed or self manufactured in the sense that we continue to convert residential beds and residential services to acute beds and acute services. And when we do that we are by definition lowering our length of stay because acute services length of stay is markedly lower than the residential length of stay. So at least some element of the length of stay decline is intentional and quite frankly I think in our minds a positive development in that we're replacing higher revenue beds with lower revenue beds and I think that's partly what you see in the strong revenue growth that same store revenue growth of 6+% which is clearly at the high end of our or own expectations. As far as being able to identify the effects from parity, I think we always believed that would be difficult to do and I think we still believe that, almost well not impossible to do and that’s because when we see a patient who has valid and legitimate insurance, we really don't sort of know the history of that insurance to what degree benefit plan design has really changed et cetera. I think the insurance companies or the government might have a better insight into that. What we are very focused on as a company I think and as an industry is in making sure that the parity rules and regulations including some of the newer ones and some of the clarifications are being properly enforced because I think we believe that there still are plans and that there still is executions of plans that are not compliant and therefore that there is sort of upside as if we can ensure that compliance is met throughout the country.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. That's helpful. And where are you, I guess, in the process of converting beds? Is there a timeline for us to think about in terms of where you are at this point or is this just ongoing?
Steve Filton: I don't know that it's sort of a finite sort of process Ralph, where we have X number of beds that we want to convert. I think it's an issue we're always looking at the best and highest use of all of our beds and to the degree that beds become sort of underperforming because rates go down or length of stay is under great pressure, whatever it may be and if the demand is there for another better performing service, we're willing to convert those beds. So I don't know that we would sort of put it in the context of whether we're done with 50% of our conversions, I think for us, it's just sort of an ongoing process and will remain so.
Ralph Giacobbe: Just SWB came in a lot better, is it anything more than just leveraging the top line or are there specific initiatives there that help? And I guess more importantly on a go-forward basis, can you help us in terms of what a fair range on thinking about that line item as a percentage of revenue, particularly considering your commentary around being tough to sustain the level of topline growth that we have seen in the quarter?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean salaries and wages are obviously the single biggest expense side in both of our divisions and get a lot of attention from the operators. But the nature of the business is such that when you have the really sort of strong revenue growth that we had in Q1, you are likely to see a significant amount of operating leverage, we did see that -- particularly in the acute division in Q1. If that revenue run rate does start to sort of modestly regress as I suggested before that it might from the 12+% we ran in Q1, be a little bit challenging to generate quite as much leverage as we did but our operators are very focused on controlling those salary numbers and delivering in efficient and high quality product. So I think they'll continue to remain focused that way.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank Morgan: Good morning. I guess hopping back to that discussion on parity. I know CMS recently put out a proposal about extending mental health parity to manage Medicaid and shield, and I'm just curious how much of an impact that might have? And do you think this may be a step in the direction at least toward striking down the IMD exclusion? 
Steve Filton: So look Frank, I think you get to the point and I think is most of the people listening know that the IMD exclusion precludes freestanding behavioral facilities from treating or from being paid at least for adult Medicaid patients and that's a big hurdle From our perspective. The recent parity clarifications that you mentioned I think are helpful for the non adult population may be that the Medicaid population at under age twenty one and I think what it says is that Medicare managed care organizations and other like organizations have to comply with parity as to and in our case that under 21 population. So I think it's helpful, not in a sort of game changing way but it's definitely helpful around the ages if you will. We are hopeful and continue to work as an industry for a more rational sort of approach to the IMD exclusion and that means I think we continue to lobby CMS can co-operate with day to gathering activities to try and demonstrate that, lifting the IMD exclusion would be the correct thing to do for a public policy prospect. And we also continue to work on the legislative end of it. I’m working with congress men like working with legislatives like, Congressman Murphy, who has a bill out there that would eliminate the IMD exclusion. So, we are working on a number of fronts. I think that, lifting the IMD exclusion would be a game changer. I think the continued modifications to the parity law and the parity rules are helpful. But the sort of a end goal would be the lifting of the IMD exclusion.
Frank Morgan: In terms, you mentioned good, broad-based performance across most of your markets, but I guess if there anywhere that you see really still has up-side maybe on a relative base, some markets that are underperforming but still have up-side. And also I think you have got any hospital, at least in the works in Vegas, could you get us comment there. Thanks
Steve Filton: I think what you’re seeing and we talked about this for years and I think, during the several years of the recession beginning in 2009 for us as a company, I think has an industry in extending, you know well through 2013, we had this sort of multi-year pressure from the recession from un-compensated care et cetera which put a burden on our volumes, our volume were rather muted during that period and our uncompensated care levels just grew throughout that period. And then beginning in 2014 with the benefits of the Affordable Care Act providing insurance to millions of people, who didn’t have it before as well as the improving economy allowing people to go back to work and get reinsured, all that’s been helpful in our markets I think because the decline was a multi-year decline. We always anticipated that the recovery would be a multi-year recovery and, we are certainly seeing that. I would suggest, either the second or the third year of the recovery in Las Vegas and the second year of recovery in a number of other or other markets. So, I’m not sure that we feel like we can sustain these Q1 levels of growth, I think we are comfortable that, again the course sort of recovery that’s taking place, is something that should last for a number of years.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Whit Mayo with Robert Baird.
Whit Mayo: just saying looking back historically, you guys have earned 30% of acute-care EBITDA in the first quarter on some modest site performance for the rest of the year, I think I can easily get near the high end of the range. Is it fair to maybe think about, given the outperformance in the first quarter, that you could be tracking closer to the high end than maybe the midpoint at this time?
Steve Filton: Sure I mean, I think although you described it as dangerous Whit. It would be, if you do the math, I think there is a real change in the operating landscape, or unanticipated hurdles either in the core businesses. We should be comfortably, moving towards the high-end of our existing range. I think again just for a, all the reasons that we sided before, we just felt it was, you know not terribly prudent to tinker with the range if high-end and low-end at this point and we I’ll take a, kind of a closer look in, and a more measured look at it , at the end of the second quarter. But certain I think if you do the math, it’s not at all unreasonable to make the observation that we are, headed for the higher-end of the range.
Whit Mayo: It seems appropriate. And maybe just on cost trends for a second, is there anything new that you are paying attention to an either segment right now and any increase in registry cost with the volume that you're seeing come through the acute care portfolio and you've leveraged supplies maybe a little bit more than I would have thought, given the strength in the surgical performance in the quarter, and the specialty pharma has gotten a lot of attention lately. So I guess I'm just trying to wrap my head around the cost trends and what you are seeing and what initiatives you have underway? 
Steve Filton: I think, again as a company and as an industry, we really did a significant amount of belt-tightening and kind of real structural reviews of our cost structure during those years of the recession when our revenues were really challenged. And I think that left us in a very good position, beginning in 2014 when the revenue trends reversed themselves and revenue growth began new and earnestly and as a consequence you know we've seen these pretty robust expansion of margins, particularly on the acute side of the business. I think from a cost perspective you know you cited the things that we're certainly concerned about as volumes grow. There is pressure on wages, we see that in higher over-time and higher use of temporary nurses. We see it to some degree and pressures in terms of placing doctors. we see quite a bit of pressure frankly on the behavioral side in finding an adequate number of psychiatrist in all of our facilities and that's put some pressure on use of, locums physicians and that sort of thing. But as I think we step back and look at it, I don't know that there's anything on the sort of the cost landscape that we would describe or think about as a huge discrete threat, rather it's always the challenge that as the business grows you want to just make sure that you remain efficient. And I think our operators have been doing that for the last year and a half or so and they have been doing a very good job of that.
Whit Mayo: Okay, might sneak one quick one in, and just looking for an update on Cygnet and the updated performance of that asset? Thanks.
Steve Filton: The behavioral company that we bought in the U.K. at the end of September was running at a very healthy occupancy levels, probably close to 80% when we bought them. We didn't really believe there was a huge amount of upside opportunity in the existing business but we're happy to say that even on the core business occupancy rates have risen in the six months we've owned them and are getting close to 90% and that obviously is generating better than expected results for that business and at the same time we announced a small acquisition in our first six months of ownership where we've started a development project in our first six months of ownership and we continue to look at a whole series of other opportunities both sort of large and small. So we are couldn't frankly be more pleased with that platform in the six months that we've owned it than we are.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Joshua Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua Raskin: First question just on what we are seeing in terms of institutional providers and health plan collaborations, and whether that means sort of capitation or even all the way down to provider sponsored health plans. I'm just curious what your perspectives, if you guys have any pilots going on -- I'm thinking more of the 24 acute-care hospitals? What your thoughts are on the future of that?
Steve Filton: Josh we certainly share the view that over the long term the reimbursement or payment landscape in acute care will change from a fee for service-- the traditional fee for service reimbursement to some sort of fee for value reimbursement that will include things like bundle payments or accountable care organizations and ultimately get to the end of the continuum which is sort of the capital model on the risk, on the sort of the pure risk model that I think you're referencing. I think we believe that that process is definitely an evolutionary process as it is one that will take multiple years. Honestly, in the vast majority of our reimbursement remains fee for service reimbursement although in some cases like in Medicare there are quality components and element of that but it still largely remains fee for service reimbursement. What we are doing, a number of things both in terms of our relationship with our physicians and really trying to integrate with our physicians particularly on the information technology side to prepare for that move to kind of more of a risk shifting environment with bundle payments and capitation et cetera. We’ve talked I think at some length over the last few quarters about some of the initiatives surrounding the purchase in the middle of last year of health insurance company in Nevada to better prepare us again for that sort of risk taking to allow us in certain selected markets and with certain selected products to go out there and have a provider sponsored product in certain of our markets. So we're trying to move and adjust the right pace in our markets, not trying to get ahead of the curve but also absolutely ensuring that we are nowhere behind the curve in terms of these changes that we know are coming in certainly at least the acute care space.
Joshua Raskin: So, Steve is that pace being driven more by the payers then and you're sort of reacting to or trying to accommodate those changes as opposed to this being a UHS-driven? I'm just trying to think, do you think ultimately this is good or bad?
Steve Filton: I don't know that we would have a value judgment about it I mean I think what we would say is it inevitable. I think that payers and I think public policymakers have determined that the ultimately the real way to control costs in the healthcare space is by a shift of risk from the employer and the payer to the consumer and the provider. And so I think we're going there and it's not necessarily I think on the surface a good or bad thing. I think it's a good thing if you can react nimbly and flexibly to the changes and I think we're prepared to do that. So you can be the one to have and put together a large network in our markets and deliver high quality, low cost care efficient care and in the market then I think it will be a good thing and I think we believe we're well positioned to do that.
Joshua Raskin: Okay, and then shifting topics, one last one for me. Just on the behavioral health hospitals, just thing about the M&A pipeline? We haven't seen a ton of activity. I'm thinking more domestically, so forgetting about the UK. Any updates on thoughts and maybe juxtaposing the commentary around lack of buybacks in the first quarter? How we should think about the psych hospital and M&A pipeline?
Steve Filton: I think that the behavioral business is characterized at the moment by a lot of strong result, certainly all results are reflective of the underlying strength in this business. So as a result, I think most of the larger and far and away the largest but most of the larger consolidated providers are right now in growth mode as opposed to in a sale mode or in a divesture mode. So we're competing for assets with a number of other providers. I do think there are still are a lot of other providers out there to be acquired. We have talked number of times about the opportunity for the 50% or so half of the days are admissions in this in the behavioral business that are currently serviced within acute care hospital so that's behavioral beds within acute care hospitals, some of the growth for instance of beds that I mentioned in my opening remarks are beds at acute hospitals, non-affiliated acute care hospitals that we have opened in connection with newly, sort of formed partnerships with acute care hospitals. And we still think that a significant opportunity in the future. Now to be fair those opportunities are relatively by its size. We will get thirty beds at a time or fifty or seventy beds at a time. We're not going to get thousands and thousands of dead at a single stroke but the ultimate opportunity I think is enormous and as far and away the largest provider of freestanding Behavioral Services in the country,I think we're very well positioned to take advantage of that.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Dana Nuntin: Hi, it’s Dana Nuntin in for Darren. Just a follow-up on an earlier question in the behavioral segment as particularly in the UK, can you provide some more color on bed additions and development there and how you might be working with NHS on getting approvals and finding opportunities to expand beds there?
Steve Filton: Well I think that the opportunity in the U.K. broadly is sort of a twofold opportunity. One is that the overall demand or private psychiatric beds is going to continue to grow as the National Health Service continues a trend towards outsourcing, more of that business and deciding that they're going to spend their capital on investments other than behavioral investment and I think leave a lot of the new incremental capital to be invested in the behavioral industry to the private sector. At the same time, the market much like it is here in the U.S. remains fragmented and as a consequence there are you M&A opportunities and we were pursuing those and also doing all the same things we're doing in the U.S. which I think you alluded to in your question where we're running as I said in response to a previous question at very high occupancy rates, so we're looking at adding beds to our existing facilities as we are here in the U.S. we're looking at building Greenfield de novo projects and will continue to do all those things.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Chris Rigg with Susquehanna Financial.
Chris Rigg: I just wanted to keep going with the M&A theme here for another minute. I know you guys have talked about in the past the potential for an appetite for sort of larger nonprofit deals and I guess I’d love to get your view, we are seeing very strong results from the publicly traded trends. Are the results we're seeing you from you guys sort of an illusion to what's going on amongst the sort of nonpublic guys? Or do you think the dynamic has actually changed materially because of the ACA? And that is a setback to sort of nearer-term, larger nonprofit deals? Thanks. 
Steve Filton: Chris I'm not sure that I'm the foremost expert on this subject but I think if you if you look at the not for profit financial data that is out there in any sort of consolidated way, I think that probably the best data comes from the rating agencies. And I think that their data suggests that the not for profit financial results have not improved at the same rate over the last year or year and a half as the full profit result. And so I think you still find a number of not for profit acute hospitals that find themselves financially challenged in a variety of ways. I think also going back to Josh Raskin’s question, I think a lot of not for profit hospitals look at the landscape of changing reimbursement and the challenges that presents and the need to be in a large network and find that they may not be able to check all the boxes and I think they're looking for either partners or they're looking for some sort of sale arrangement that allows them to be sort of the better position to move forward in the future. So you know we're talking with a number not for profits about those sorts of opportunities. I think those sorts of opportunities are going to be there in the next few years. It's difficult to predict how and at what rate that will develop and all we can do is respond to them as they develop but we're certainly ready to do so. We certainly have the financial flexibility to do so.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We have a question in queue from the line of Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Ana Gupte: Steve, I think you said a little bit about Las Vegas, and I apologize if I've missed any more color but as you are looking at the various geographies, particularly in your acute-care business, Medicaid expanding states, non-Medicaid expanding states, and then Vegas, which is, as you said, the third year of economic recovery; Texas, which has had a recovery, but is going to a bit of a state of layoffs and so on. How is the payer-mix to the extent to your visibility deferring from one core market versus another?
Steve Filton: The trends have been directionally the same over the last year and a half and that is we certainly have seen a decline in uninsured patients and an increase in insured patients mostly in Medicaid and commercial exchange patients, the percentages and the magnitude of that change differs a little bit from market to market and it's a little challenging as I suggested at the outset of the call to kind of discreetly identify to what degree those changes. Those payer mix changes of the given by the ACA and to what degree they're being driven by economic improvement or other factors. But I think our view is as I said doing you know in earlier response that those trends the ACA implementation will continue this year and probably for at least one more year and I think the economic improvement will likely continuum and you know, there are individual market average, which I think are also driving, some of this improvement. And I think, it has been very successful and I think our minds will also those results will be sustainable as well.
Ana Gupte: Do you have any real-time visibility into Texas just on recognizing your exposure to the oil-heavy economies is a bit more limited than your peers about working Americans in Texas that might want to use more care, do more surgeries or whatever, because they are fearful of layoffs? Is any of that visible at all in the first quarter?
Steve Filton: Well, I think is worth knowing that, while we are in a number of markets in Texas. We are really not in any markets, that are heavily dependent on the oil and gas industry, and I don’t think we are therefore directly impacted by any other softness and that sector of the economy, to be fair. While we continue to watch it closely, I don’t think we are seeing any pressure on either volumes or pair mix currently. In our markets in Texas, frankly I think, you know one of our broader concerns is that, If there really is a squeeze on the Texas economy, and it gets, sort of Felton and impact at the state budget level, we are big Medicate provider in Texas both in terms of traditional Medicate re-imbruement as well as some of the special programs like, disproportion share and UPL. So, but that’s sort of thing that we keep, close eye on but to be fair, we are not really seeing any impact from our software Texas economy in our markets as of this moment.
Ana Gupte: Thanks. My final one. On the other OpEx that showed some deterioration, is that a transient spike and might get better?
Steve Filton: A few of the items that I noted previously, in terms of some of the cause pressure thing like temporary. Some of our temporary causes et cetera are recorded on that line but I think for the most part, that line should remain as a percentage revenue at least, fairly static.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of the Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman: Two cash flow statement questions. In the release you said you had repurchased $5.6 million worth of shares and in the cash-flow statement it looks like $29 million. 
Steve Filton: Yes, so the difference I think is stock based compensation, Gary that’s the reconciling item.
Gary Lieberman: Okay. And there's an item for a sale leaseback of real property of about $12.5 million.
Steve Filton: Yeah so, we have to pre-standing ED’s in Texas that we sold to universal health realty income trust, at-leased back in the quarter. 
Gary Lieberman: Okay. And then maybe just a final question on the behavioral business, the pricing looked particularly strong. Is that a domestic function? Is that being impacted by the UK business at all? 
Steve Filton: I think, it probably is more impacted by the dynamic that I was talking about before which is the continued shift of beds from residential to acute. So what I was sort of talking about cosmetically that will make our length of stay look lower but it will also clearly drive up our revenue per day. And I think you know that’s your seeing that element in our strong pricing.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Ransom with Raymond James.
John Ransom: Hi, good morning. This is just a nit, but your provider-tax programs, how much of that is Texas and how much of that are other states?
Steve Filton: We have virtually no provider tax reinforcement in Texas, we do have that upper-payment limit program, but it’s not really a provider text. And I believe John that those upper- payment limit reimbursement amounts are all disclosed in our SEC filings.
John Ransom: But you also have provider-tax programs as well?
Steve Filton: We do, and some other states like California and other states and again, I think all those are announcer, very sort of disclosed in a fair man in detail in the SEC filings.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
A - Steve Filton: We thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking with everyone again next quarter. 
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Filton - CFO Alan Miller - CEO
Analysts: Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group Jason Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets Steve Baxter - BofA Merrill Lynch  Paula Torch - Avondale Partners  Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann Josh Kalenderian - Deutsche Bank Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets A.J. Rice - UBS Gary Taylor - Citi Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc
Operator: Good morning my name is Brent and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Universal Health Services Fourth Quarter 2014 and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Steve Filton, CFO. Please go ahead sir.
Steve Filton: Good morning thank you. Alan Miller our CEO is also joining us this morning, welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the full year and fourth quarter ended December 31, 2014. During this call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements.  For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the Company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $5.42 for the year and a $1.71 for the quarter. After adjusting for a reduction in malpractice reserves relating to prior years and the incentive income and expenses associated with the implementation of electronic health record applications at our acute care hospitals our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share for the quarter ended December 31, 2014 was $1.51. On a same facility basis revenues on our behavioral health division increased 6.3% during the fourth quarter of 2014, adjusted admissions and adjusted patient days to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increase 6.8% and 2.8% respectively during the fourth quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 3.2% during the fourth quarter of 2014 over the comparable prior year quarter. We define operating margins as operating income and net revenues, less salaries, wages and benefits other operating expenses and supplies expense divided by net revenues. Our operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year increased slightly to 28.0% during the quarter ended December 31, 2014 as compared to 27.7% during the comparable prior year period. On a same facility basis in our acute care division, revenues increased 14.9% during the fourth quarter of 2014. Adjusted emissions increased 5.5% while revenue per adjusted emission increased 8.8%. On a same facility basis operating margins for our acute care hospitals increased to 18.1% during the fourth quarter of 2014 as compared to 14.1% during the fourth quarter of 2013. Our cash generated from operating activities increased to approximately $346 million during the fourth quarter of 2014, as compared to $308 million during the fourth quarter of 2013. Our cash generated from operating activities increased to approximately $1.04 billion during the fall of 2014 as compared to $884 million during 2013. Our accounts receivable days outstanding decreased to 56 days during the fourth quarter of 2014 as compared to 57 days during the fourth quarter of 2013. At December 31, 2014, our ratio of debt to total capitalization was 47%. During 2014, we opened a total of 602 new behavioral health beds including 162 beds opened at two de novo hospitals and 440 beds opened at some of our busiest facilities. In addition, we already have approved projects to add approximately 550 new behavioral health beds and convert approximately 50 beds from residential treatment center to acute during 2015 and that number could grow as we continue to pursue opportunities to add and convert additional beds. We spent $82 million on capital expenditures during the fourth quarter of 2014 and $391 million during the full year of 2014. During 2015, we expect to spend approximately $375 million to $400 million in capital expenditures which includes expenditures for capital equipment renovations, new projects at existing hospitals and construction of new facilities. In conjunction with our share repurchase program that commenced during the third quarter of 2014, during the fourth quarter we repurchased 321,500 shares of our stock at an average price of slightly less than $102 per share. Our estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2015 is $6.15 to $6.55 per diluted share. The guidance range excludes the unfavorable $0.12 per diluted share of EHR expected EHR impact expected during 2015 as described in our press release last night. This guidance range represents an increase of approximately 6% to 13% over the adjusted net income attributable to UHS of $5.78 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2014 as calculated on the supplemental schedule including last night's press release. During 2015, our net revenues are estimated to be approximately $8.7 billion to $8.8 billion representing an increase of approximately 8% to 9% over our 2014 net revenues. Included in our estimated 2015 at revenue, our revenues associated with the previously announced acquisition of Cygnet Healthcare in the UK and a health insurance company in Nevada. In addition, during the fourth quarter we acquired a 46 bed behavioral health hospital located near Taunton in the United Kingdom. Now I will be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joshua Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua Raskin: Yes, hi. Thanks. Steve, just wanted to dig in on the 14.8% growth on the acute care same store and maybe get a little bit better sense on the revenue per adjusted admission up 8.8%, maybe any specific markets or any other commentary that can point to that strength? 
Steve Filton: Sure, first I think there are a couple of sort of extraordinary things in the quarter, we called out the $11 million Texas disrupt in the press release we also have spoken before about $4 million California UPL that I know some of our peers have recognized as well in the fourth quarter, so if you adjust those things out it probably brings the revenue growth down by couple of 100 basis points still by any measure a very strong and robust revenue growth quarter. Our admission growth seemed to be fairly consistent with our peers who reported similar strong volumes what seems to distinguish the UHS performance in the quarter was at really robust revenue intensity and revenue per unit per admission or per day. I think a lot of that Joshua was driven by strong surgical volumes we had both in and out patients surgical volume growth of approximately5% and for the first time I can remember a long time the inpatient growth actually was outpacing the outpatients. So I think that’s why really drove some of the revenue intensity.
Joshua Raskin: And no specific market Steve that jump out?
Steve Filton: No I think honestly Joshua when you get a performance that strong, it’s got be pretty sort of pervasive throughout the portfolio and I think our as was.
Joshua Raskin: That makes sense. And just last one 15, any sense of the impact of reform that you’ve baked in to the guidance, I know there is no sort of medicated expansion state, so just curious there is got to be some anniversary et cetera, is there a way to quantify the positive benefit in 15?
Steve Filton: Yes, I am going preface my answer with first saying but I think as time elapses and each quarter goes by, we find it a little more challenging to be able to discretely identify the reform impact from other sort of pair mix improvements and kind of specifically sort of the general economic improvement we’ve been enjoying in our markets. I will say however that I think our best estimate is that we’ve got and I think again this is fairly consistent with what I understand some of our peers have said, but I think in the acute care division we assume that the ACA impact in 2015 will be able about 6% to 7% of our overall earnings and that’s I think a little bit of increase over 2014.
Joshua Raskin: Okay and behavioral still sticking with same impact as you saw this year?
Steve Filton: Yes I mean I think behavioral we’ve mentioned before that we find it difficult to discretely identify the ACA and I’ll also include in that the mental health parity impact in the behavioral divisions so that we have not really discretely budgeted or guided for that to the degree that we enjoyed a little bit of that in 14 which I think is possible. We certainly sort of included that in the base and the growth of our base but have not really included as we have in the acute care division a specific impact for either ACA or parity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg with Susquehanna
Chris Rigg: Good morning. I was just the leverage at this point is down to about 2 times. You've got some internal stuff going on with regard to development but I guess just more generally how are you thinking about capital deployment at this point, share repurchases, more M&A, etc.? Just trying to get a sense and where are you comfortable at 2 times or do you want -- you actually want to see that go a little higher at this point? Thanks. 
Steve Filton: Chris, I am going to largely I think reiterate the comments that we made at the end of the second quarter when we talked about the fact that our leverage had declined to a level that we were very comfortable with and that’s when we announced our $400 million share repurchase authorization. And I think we’re in largely the same place we were there now obviously since then we announced the Cygnet acquisition and dedicated about $335 million to that, but we continue to look for growth opportunities both externally and internally in both of our business segments. We announced just in the call, a small acquisition in the UK. We continue to look for other opportunities in the UK as well as other M&A opportunities in both behavioral and acute here in the U.S. and also continue to expand organically I mentioned that new behavioral beds that we’ve got online for next. We talked about our new acute care hospital that we’re building in Las Vegas, so we’ve got a number of things going on but I think we’ve also said that if we don’t find sufficient sort of opportunities for external growth were also more than happy to continue to repurchase shares under the previously announced authorization. So I think from our perspective we're likely to pursue sort of all those avenues in 2015.
Chris Rigg: Okay and then just one follow-up. I know we've talked about the IMD exclusion and legislation around that in the past. Can you give us an update for where that stands and just some general parameters in terms of likelihood for this happening sometime in the near future? Thanks. 
Alan Miller: So I think that we certainly have done nothing to presume that the IMD exclusion will be lifted in the near-term certainly at least in the context of this conversation the near-term being 2015. But I think the industry in general is becoming more and more positive about the idea that from a public policy perspective that either legislatively or administratively there will be progress on this issue. As you know there is a demonstration project that's part of the Affordable Care Act that lifts the IMD exclusion and about a dozen states and we're participating in some of those states in that project. We believe that the outcome and the data from that demo project will support the idea that a broader lifting of the exclusion makes sense from a public policy perspective in terms of access and cost. And again as an industry we continue to lobby hard for that and that remains one of our main priorities again from a legislative/regulatory perspective. So we'll continue to work for, we continue to feel that there is positive movement there but I think it's difficult to predict with any sort of level of precision when there might be a substantive change.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gurda with KeyBanc.
Jason Gurda: Good morning, thanks. Steve, just taking a look at the guidance you're expecting growth of about 6% to 13% and I think you did high 20%s this year and you're putting up almost double-digit revenue growth or particularly double-digit in the acute care side. Is the guidance conservative at this point? 
Steve Filton: Obviously I am going to tell you that I think the guidance is realistic. I will say this, I mean our performance in 2014 was really extraordinary and then we certainly view at that way and couldn't be any more pleased with it. But certainly feel it will be difficult to replicate as you sort of suggest the sort of growth that we saw in 2014. Think a good portion or a good reason for that is while we were all meaning the company as well as our peers were focused on the potential ACA impact in '14 and I think we largely anticipated that correctly. We didn't really anticipate the benefit we were going to get from improving economies in a number of our other markets, particularly in Texas but also in Florida and California, et cetera. And I think as we looked towards next year we are cautious about again our ability to replicate that same level of growth. I think we feel like we'll continue to see improving economies in those markets for the most part. Now I will also add that I think in the last month or two we've gotten a little bit more cautious about the Texas economies specifically given the pressures from oil and gas prices. I think we've step back our projections in those markets particularly. But other than that again I just think we're forecasting strong performance in '15 just not quite as robust as we saw in '14.
Jason Gurda: Thanks, that's helpful. Then I may have this wrong but it looks to me that the range of your guidance is a little bit wider than it has been in the past. If that's the case is there a reason for that? 
Steve Filton: No, honestly we felt like the range was fairly consistent, I mean made a little bit wider than what we had last year but fairly consistent with sort of the ranges that our peers were putting up and there was nothing necessarily be read into it. I think we actually think it's a reasonable range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Steve Baxter: Hi, this is Steve Baxter on for Kevin. Many of your peers have talked about how their exchange contracting strategy has evolved for 2015 relative to the 2014. I guess could you give us a sense of the flavor of what you learned from your 2014 approach and what you've done differently for 2015? Thanks. 
Steve Filton: I think in our case Steve we have said and largely reflective of our experience that we were participating in almost all of the exchange products in our markets in 2014 with the couple of maybe minor exceptions. And honestly I think for the most part that's our experience in '15 again, I think that we're pleased with that. We continue to work with some payers in our markets in the context of potentially more narrow networks in which we would be a preferred provider and again I think we have a couple of minor examples of that in '15 but not as much of maybe we anticipated we would had last year. So I think again the broad description of it is that we are in virtually every product and every network every exchange product and every exchange network in all of our markets which is the couple of very my receptions.
Steve Baxter: Okay, thank you. Then just switching to the behavioral side, length of stay was down less than it has been for a long time. Do you think you're getting closer to stabilization or a turning point here and I guess how are you thinking about that for 2015? Thanks.
Steve Filton: I’ll answer the first part first or the last part first and that is and thinking about for 2015, I think we’ve assumed another decline in length of stay at about the same rate that it has been going down and I think the reason for that is it’s been difficult to sort of project this quarter to quarter, some quarters it looks the decline is slowing a little bit other quarters not so much, so we continue to project that let those length of stay pressure will continue into 15 that’s what our guidance reflects. I will say that I certainly noticed in the fourth quarter that some of the decline is length of stay that we experienced was self imposed or self executed if you in the sense that I mentioned to some degree the conversion of residential beds to acute and we’ve been doing that for a while into the degree that we continue to do that. We will drive the length of stay down our self was because the length of stay in our acute facility is lower than it is in our residential facility. But I do think that’s reflected in that stronger revenue per day that you saw in the fourth quarter because obviously as we shift beds and therefore days in admissions from residential to acute we’ll see a drop in length of day but we ought to see a rise in revenue per day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paula Torch with Avondale Partners.
Paula Torch: Steve I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of color on your expectations for 2015 on maybe the safe facility revenue and volume expectations by segment, can you help us or pass that up for us?
Steve Filton: Okay, great, thank you, Steve, for that color. I just have one quick last one on Medicaid expansion. I was just wondering if you could share some of your thoughts with us on the potential for more states to expand, in particular Florida, just given Tennessee and Utah reaching dead ends or so it seems for now. What does that mean for Florida if anything and maybe some of your thoughts there? Thanks. 
Alan Miller : Sure Paula, I think on the acute side our expectation of revenue growth is probably in that 6% to 7% range which I think in turn yield EBITDA growth and probably be 8% to 10% range. On the behavioral side, I think that’s a little bit lower and probably more in the range of 5% and 5.5% on the revenue side which translates to 7.5% to 8% on the EBITDA side.
Paula Torch: Okay, great. Thank you very much for that color. Then just going back to the acute metrics, how sustainable do you think these trends are in the first quarter in 2015 given the guidance that you just gave us? Is there anything about the surgical volumes that were so good in the fourth quarter that would indicate those would continue to be strong? 
Steve Filton: I think the way that we went about budgeting for 2015 was really not to assume that anyone quarter the year was particularly representative and particularly I think not necessarily taken the approach that the fourth quarter exit rate was the rate to use for the full year 15. We had a couple of very strong surgical volume quarters in 14. The second quarter was really strong. The fourth quarter was really strong. I think even in retrospect it’s a little bit difficult for us to identify exactly why that was, so I will say that I think the 2015 guidance presumes a more modest sort to surgical experience that when we experienced early in Q4 and something that’s more reflective of our full year experience. And to the fair I think the year has started off at least in January with kind of more muted surgical volume and there is a lot of at least speculation in the back half of 14 that there is -- so hospitals to some degree would experience a surgeon volume at the end of the year given the increasing prevalence of high deductable plans and that really might influence patient behavior as people exhausted their co-pays and deductibles late in the year and would take advantage of that. And I don’t know if that’s what really drove the dynamic that we experienced but we certainly has a real strong surgical quarter in Q4 and a little bit weaker as 2015 started, so we at least not inconsistent with that theory. So again I think we just been more kind of rationale or muted about what our 2015 volume should look and I think that what’s reflected in the guidance.
Paula Torch: Okay, great, thank you, Steve, for that color. I just have one quick last one on Medicaid expansion. I was just wondering if you could share some of your thoughts with us on the potential for more states to expand, in particular Florida, just given Tennessee and Utah reaching dead ends or so it seems for now. What does that mean for Florida if anything and maybe some of your thoughts there? Thanks. 
Steve Filton: Well again I’ll sort of give the short answer is we certainly have not assumed that any new states new for us would expand Medicaid in 2015 which again for UHS I think really means that we have assumed neither Texas nor Florida would expand in 2015. I think we have had a view really from the beginning of ACA implementation that in the long run all states would ultimately participate in Medicaid expansion because it’s just made economic sense for them to do so. Obviously I think in the lot of cases economic sense is being overwhelmed or pressured by political considerations and I think we find those very hard to sort of measure and calculate. So we continue again in our state hospital associations and other forums to work for expansion in those states and then which we operate that have not have not expanded yet. Again don't expect anything necessarily to happen in '15 as you suggest there has been a kind of a struggle in a couple of the states that have tried it. So we just continue to press the issue. Again as an industry especially with both our profit and especially not profit peers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks, good morning. The quarterly progression was pretty lumpy in 2014. I know you don't give quarterly guidance but any general direction on how you'd expect or see it playing out in 2015? 
Steve Filton: Ralph frankly part -- one of the reasons why we don't give quarterly guidance as we think it's difficult to do, and I appreciate the fact that folks in your position are forced to do so. I suggest that before you have alluded to the fact that we had as you describe some lumpiness in 2014. Honestly we were unable to predict that. I guess the best advice that I would give to people is to budget 2015 or think about 2015 a bit more ratably and not necessarily try and mimic the sort of seasonal or quarterly trends that we experienced in 2014. Because I think in our own minds it's not obvious that those trends would be repeated in that same fashion in '15.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, that's fair. And then you've obviously talked about acuity in surgical mix. Can you talk a little bit about payer mix and what you saw there between the various buckets? 
Steve Filton: Yes I think we basically fell like our payer mix strength which of course I think at the end of the day was really what drove the outsize performance of particularly of the acute division in 2014 really was relatively stable throughout the year. Now the character of it changed some in the sense that in the beginning of the year the payer mix improvement was clearly more weighted to Medicaid, more Medicaid patients and managed Medicaid patients and I think was a function of Medicaid expansion in some of our large states like Nevada, like California and the District of Columbia. And then in the back half of the year we saw a bit more of a ship from the Medicaid impact of the commercial exchange impact. But just generally I think the payer mix was the payer mix improvement was really a constant for us in 2014. And as I said generally the biggest and primary driver of the really strong performance. And again I think as we answered -- answer your question before about the guidance, I think we expect that that payer mix improvement continues into 2015 and our guidance reflects that, but that is does not necessarily continue at the same rate. And certainly one of the sort of muting dynamics that we is that we don't have any new states as we just talked about that we'll participate in Medicaid expansion next year. So to some degree the Medicaid improvement certainly levels off pretty considerably in '15.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. And then one more if I could, I think charity and discounts were up in the fourth quarter. Just trying to understand a little bit the dynamics around that, why that would maybe be the case, and what if anything you're doing as patients present to get them signed up? 
Steve Filton: I think that, I'll answer the question a couple of different ways. And I think that in terms of signing patients up like many I would probably speculate most of our peers. We've developed a pretty rigorous process to make sure that we have certified counselors in all of our facilities and that we're both proactively and reactively responding to patients who come to our facilities uninsured and trying to find the most effective and efficient way to get them insured whether that's enrollment in Medicaid or through the commercial exchange opportunity, we're doing all of those things. Now at the end of the day I think as said most hospitals are probably building something similar. As far as the swings in charity and the debt I know I am sound like a broken record when I say this. But we find it difficult even internally to explain some of the specifics movements between those buckets. And I always make the point that as a company we analyze uncompensated sort of single unified bucket, and we include bad debt and uninsured discount. And again I think if you look at those numbers on a combined basis, it reinforces the comment that I made before which is there has been a significant decline in those numbers in 2014 throughout the year and it's reflective of the ACA and improving economic dynamics that we've already talked about.
Ralph Giacobbe: That's fair, Steve. I guess from my perspective I'm just trying to understand the dynamic of when you offer the charity care there's no pressure on the individual to have to pay for it. So I guess my thought process was why wouldn't there be more of a push to bad debt even if you have to write it off the pressure on the individual would ultimately then perhaps force them to consider getting on the roles via either exchanges and/or Medicaid versus just writing it off right up front. Am I not thinking about that right? Or would there be an initiative by -- because I think in the past you've talked about letting each of the individual hospitals determine that. Would that make sense in terms of trying to even push that number lower? 
Steve Filton: I think the balance that we and all hospitals walk is trying to reasonable about what is a reasonable level of income and assets poor patient to quality for charity cares, so somebody comes in the hospital with no health insurance and a very low income level and no assets and the general decision is made based on those criteria that there really is no point in making an effort to collect from those patients. I think your question is what don’t you try and collect from as many patients as you possibly can and I would answer in two ways I mean I that one from sort of just public policy perspective we recognized that for people at a very low income level with little assets, it really is just too much of a burden for them to pay some of these bills and then secondly I think from a business perspective it’s an effort that we have found can consume a fair amount of time and money and really yield very little, so again we try and have a charity policy that I think is fairly consistent with the industry that tries to walk that line and collect from people who really can’t afford to pay but really doesn’t try and collect from that portion of the population that really can’t.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Ana Gupte: Yes, thanks, good morning. Steve I just wanted to follow-up on some of the comments I thought I've heard from you recently on the state Medicaid budgets and pressures in 2015. Just kind of giving us color on why you might be concerned and are you baking in anything in guidance that might not have happened or are these already events underway? 
Steve Filton: So Ana I think that the comments that you’re alluding to our comments that I made consistent with what I’ve said earlier in the call that over the last couple of months we have backed off our projections and guidance for our Texas markets and to be fair I don’t think we've seen currently a lot of softness in those market but are just anticipating the possibility of such given the fact that the Texas economy seems to be slowing and again we could see that softness in the number of ways through slightly deteriorating payer mix or slightly lower volumes or through some pressure from either in traditional Medicaid rates or some of the special reimbursement program that we benefit from and so those of the comments you’re thinking about. So in general we didn’t make any specific cuts or assume specific cuts in Texas reimbursement, but just sort of steps back or Texas earnings projects for next year a little bit and on a broad basis in expectation that we might feel some pressure in that economy in 2015 that we clearly did not feel in 14.
Ana Gupte: Okay. So it sounds like it's more a second order aspect that could happen at the state level rather than just currently insured consumers? 
Steve Filton: I think that’s right and also I think it’s current because I mean the fact in the matter is that our Texas markets are really tend not be markets that are directly tie to the oil and gas industry markets like Dallas or West Texas. We tend to be in markets that are sort of more indirectly impacted by the overall Texas economy.
Ana Gupte: Then just switching gears to the March 4 hearings in SCOTUS as per your recent discussions with the lobby groups and with Congress and the state officials, what are you expecting or hearing in terms of if this thing gets subsidies get caught off what might happen and who might take the lead in addressing this?
Steve Filton: Yes so first of all obviously I mean while we follow this closely as to all of you, we certainly don’t feel like we have any particularly valuable insight into the how this might turnout and so we’re just continued to follow it very closely. If the Supreme Court were to rule against the subsidies, we would certainly work very hard in the various states that we operate in that they don’t state exchange at the moment to get them established but again I think that at least in the short run we acknowledge that would be sort of a difficult hurdle to overcome. So obviously we’ve done nothing in our guidance as I don’t think any of our peers have to reflect the Supreme Court decision if it were to be unfavorable, our guidance presumes status quo, but if decision is in a negative one from our perspective we’ll just work very aggressively with our state associations to try and accomplish the source of works around that people have identified and written about it. And I’ll make the obvious comment here that I think as a company we are less exposed to this than our peers since two thirds of our earnings come from the behavioral business where I think we don’t feel like we’ve got a much of ACA benefit and therefore really not exposed if this would be a bit of headwind into 2015 or maybe beyond.
Ana Gupte: And this 1% you think is an appropriate estimate for exposure, 1%-ish or less? 
Steve Filton: I think a number of those sell side estimates have been that are the amount of our overall earnings that are subject to states that have just federal exchanges or maybe 1% to 2% and I think that number tends to be lower for us than for our peers again because it's really just specific to the acute care business. But I think that's a pretty accurate guesstimate of what that impact would be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Kalenderian: This is actually Josh in for Darren. Can you just first talk about your UK pipeline and if you're seeing much over there market?
Steve Filton: I think that the UK acquisition landscape is in some respect only what is like here in the U.S. it's fairly fragmented, we obviously as I said just in my prepared remarks announced a small deal of kind of one off acquisition, we're perusing de novo development project right now in the UK and I think pursuing kind of a hole array of other potential possibilities. I think we described when we announced the Signet deal that we thought this was a landscape that was right for continued expansion and was sort of one of the motivations for getting into that markets. So our view of that has not really changed, I mean we've been enthusiastic about the early results from the existing facilities that we bought in the UK and remain enthusiastic about the growth opportunities as well, which I think will be both sort of again organic, inorganic, some small over time maybe some large.
Josh Kalenderian: And then just in terms of your guidance, can you maybe talk about some of the bigger swing factor that either gets you to the high end low end of that and maybe the level of capital deployment you guys are assuming.
Steve Filton: So from a capital deployment perspective we've assumed as we said in our press release and I said it in my remarks somewhere between $375 million and $400 million of CapEx and that's fairly similar to this year's experience. We have historically never included share repurchase assumptions in our guidance and we have not done so this year as well. as far as other sort of pushes and pulls if you will, I think we've already talked about a couple, from a special reimbursements perspective and we include in that sort of broad category -- char there is DSRIP funding in Texas, finding in taxes, provider tax and UPL arrangements. I think overall that reimbursement decline. So little bit in 2015 maybe $5 million or $10 million. I think that we have some dilution in; I assume dilution is probably not the right word. But we had a big improvement in our to market in '14 that facility opened in late in '13 we had a fair amount of startup costs and start up losses and now this year we've been profitable. And so as a consequence that was a big swing, we'll continue to improve in that Temecula market but the improvement in '15 just is not going to be as greater as it was in '14, so depending on how you think about that's a little bit of headwind. I think those are the only couple of things that I think we have not mentioned yet, but I would call out otherwise I think it's largely kind of steady as it goes other than sort of what we already talked about where I think we've just been a little bit more muted in how much payer mix improvement we can expect in '15 versus what were able to achieve in '14.
Josh Kalenderian: All right, great, thanks a lot. Then just lastly it just looks like from the 10-K there was some additional developments in terms of your ongoing investigation. So maybe can you just provide us with an update on what's going on there and if there's anything new? 
Steve Filton: I think that the only real change in our disclosure in the 10-K was the added disclosure that we had received a request from the government from information for a one, incremental facility in Salt Lake City. Other than that I would just sort of broadly say that the investigation continues, we have had some preliminary conversations with the government but I think it's fair to say for anyone who in hospital and I think most hospitals have encountered some version of this process that it takes a long time and I think we would say we're in the early stages and it would be difficult for us to either project with any precision the ultimate resolution and outcome or even the timing of such.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. One of your peers noted some uncertainty regarding Texas uncompensated care payments. Can you maybe discuss if you've got any uncertainty or range of variability around those payments? 
Steve Filton: So I think Gary I hope that what you're referencing is HCA has some of these waiver programs and they had originally reserved for some of those payments when CMS had sort of targeted the earlier in the year and then when CMS sort of lifted there, their deferral of payments, having recognized those payments et cetera. We really  had none of that back and forth because we were not -- we do not have program in any of the same counties that ACA did that had been sort of targeted by CMS, so I would say that for the most part we have assume that our again Texas special reimbursement which includes those program and DSH and DSRIP will continue next year pretty consistently again with the one caveat that in total and that includes all the states we operate that special reimbursement decline by $5 million or $10 million next year.
Gary Lieberman: Okay, great. And then maybe be interested to get Alan's thoughts on the potential for a congressional fix maybe even ahead of a Supreme Court decision or if the government loses the SCOTUS case?
Alan Miller: Yes I think that I would be very simple to have a fixed legislatively but I don’t think it’s going to happen. If you’re following what’s happening with the Republican Party at the moment in all the meetings that’s not going to happen, but that would be very simple, but the Government said that they have not developed the plan B which I can’t believe. So there will be a number of works around. I think the thing to focus on is that 5 million people will lose insurance immediately and I think the public policy on both Democrats, Republicans, etc., that those people should be covered. So I think there will at some point a fixed for this -- should it come negatively from the Supreme Court.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank Morgan: Good morning. Most of my questions have been answered, but just a couple of random ones here. On your ED -- I'm just curious about ED volume growth, maybe with and without the flu impact in the quarter?
Alan Miller: So Frank I am not exactly sure about the flu impact ED volumes, I think flu tends to impact ED volumes sort of disproportionally more than admission, I will say that I think our general sense of the flu impact on admission was probably no more than sort of 30 or 40 basis points.
Frank Morgan: Okay. And what about just ED volumes in general? Do you have a number there?
Steve Filton: The ED volumes were very strong and we definitely saw heighted ED activity as a result of flu but I think also we saw heighted activity just in general and again as I think our admission numbers reflect I mean it was a very strong volume quarter end. Generally admission growth tends to move in proportion to ED volumes and I think that was we experienced in Q4.
Frank Morgan: And then secondly on surgical volumes, were there any particular areas where surgery was more strong, particularly on the inpatient side any particular type of procedure that you saw more volume? 
Alan Miller: No I think it was really kind of cross the various lines so that was not necessarily isolated to cardiology or orthopedics or even general surgery. It was really -- again as I think I mentioned or in response to a question before when you see this kind of strength I think it tends to be pretty broad based I think all to get to these kinds of numbers unless you have real broad based strength.
Frank Morgan: And then finally are there any other developments that will be carrying a drag, a startup drag in 2015 that's built into your guidance? Thanks.
Alan Miller: No I think I was trying in response to Joshua question before identified the couple of large sort of pushes unfold that I can think of, but other than I don’t think there are other big headwinds and tailwinds that we have not yet identified.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice: Hi everybody. Just a couple of questions if I could, I know you talked about -- you've talked around health reform on a couple of answers already but do you have a Q4 run rate of ACA benefit? I know it's maybe not precise but just in general can you break that out between what you think is the Medicaid benefit versus the exchange benefit?
Alan Miller : So AJ, I think that we tried and again caveat this by saving that I think even more so than our peers I think we’ve also described the process of discretely identifying the ACA benefit as less or more emphasize than maybe some people think it might be, but I would generally say our best efforts sort of quantify the ACA impact for 2014 at about $40 million or something like that and I think that the quarterly progression of that there has been somewhat of an increase as the year has gone on and as more and more enrollment has taken place in both Medicaid and commercial exchanges, but it hasn’t been terribly dramatics so I would say if you think about that 40 million distributed throughout the year maybe we had 8 million in the first quarter and 12 million in the fourth quarter something like that just in terms of order of magnitude.
A.J. Rice: Okay and then the split between exchange versus Medicaid?
Alan Miller: Yes, I think as we mentioned earlier again for the year we’ve think it’s probably about two-third Medicaid related and one-third commercial and I think that shifted I mean that was even more pronounced early in the year and then it got a little bit weighted more to commercial as the year went on, but I think ultimately it was about two-third, one-third split for the year.
A.J. Rice: Okay. And you mentioned California provider and the Texas; specifically on California provider I know there's two pieces to it, the managed care piece and the fee-for-service. Are your booking both of those now and do you have both those assumed in your guidance or how much are you showing versus how much are you keeping potentially on contingency? 
Steve Filton: Prior to this I think we identified our potential benefit from California UPL to be in sort of $8 million or $9 million range for 2014. We recorded and recognized $4 million benefit in Q4 and that's because as you describe in [AJ] that piece of the program that was approved. And so we've only recorded the income associated with the piece of the government has approved, we have guided or included in our guidance for '15 comparable number and so if there is an approval of the second piece of that program that would be an upside when it gets approved.
A.J. Rice: And the similar order of magnitude they're about the same?
Steve Filton: It would be another sort of $4 million or $5 million for '14 and a similar number for '15.
A.J. Rice: And then just maybe my last one, I know sometimes at the end of the year you have some AR backup in a couple of states. I know Illinois and Texas are notorious for some of theirs. Did you have any of that and how much did that impact cash flow and when do you think you might see that money come through if it is there? 
Steve Filton: I don't have that in front of me AJ but we actually disclose those numbers pretty specifically in the 10-K, so you can find them there. But I would generally say that in both cases we actually are in pretty decent shape in both those states, still had outstanding receivables, but not anywhere near the sort of the balances when they were at their highest levels.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citi.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. Just a few quick ones. Steve, is there a specific EBITDA range that ties to the earnings guidance that you'd be willing to provide?
Steve Filton: Gary we have historically not sort of provided EBITDA guidance and honestly I don't have the numbers in front of me. Generally people came back into it but I don't have.
Gary Taylor: You gave us some same-store stuff to get pretty close. Is there a case mix number to what kind of support all of this surgical growth or is it more in the commercial side and not really reflect in case mix.
Steve Filton: I think it's actually both, I mean I don't have our actual case mix data in front of me but I do recall that case mix as you would expect with surgical volume was up both Medicare case mix and our overall case mix, because again I think I would make the point that the surgical strength that we saw in the quarter was intended to be across all payers.
Gary Taylor: Last question, I don't think I heard you comment unless I missed it just on uninsured volumes overall. On the acute side is there a percentage decline or a percent of admissions versus last year that you could share? 
Steve Filton: You are right Gary, I didn't specifically sort of speak to that metric other than to say that I think we've seen a pretty steady decline and I think that decline is sort of we've seen a decline probably between 8% and 10% in our uninsured volumes pretty steadily drop here now. Here is a little bit of quarterly variation but I think for the year it sort of comes to that level.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with Robert W. Baird.
Whit Mayo: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just, Steve I know you guys exclude the IT incentive payments and costs from your numbers but can you share what you're spending in terms of CapEx in 2014 from those IT conversions and is there a thought about 2015 and do you have an idea what you think that the normalized recurring expenses are to just simply maintain those systems? 
Steve Filton: Sure, so we began the implementation of EHR in 2010, and I think have disclosed previously that originally projected we spent a couple of hundred million dollars and I think that's what we spend, I think most of that spending was over the probably four year period from 2010 to 2013. So actually I don't think there is a lot of IT spending particularly related to the EHR implementation I either of '14 numbers and certainly I don’t think envision a lot of it in '15. I think we're largely through that process; there are small components of it that are bringing enhanced around position order entry and things like that. But again the amount of incremental capital expenditure is pretty small.
Whit Mayo: Couple of hundred million is that 200 million 300 million?
Steve Filton: No I am sorry, should be more precise when I said couple of hundred, I mean 200 million is the number that we talked about as being our investment obviously a substantial amount of that was recouped through the EHR reimbursement.
Whit Mayo: So spread sort of evenly across four years or maybe 50 million of CapEx ballpark.
Steve Filton: And I think and again even though these are completely unrelated and if you look at our overall capital spend its remained a pretty constant from '13 to '14 to '15, and I think what has happened although as I say unrelated is that $50 million a year in EHR spending has been replaced by additional behavioral beds spend.
Whit Mayo: Yes, and I guess the question that I'm going to get to is that as we think about CapEx over the 2016 and 2017 time frame, the IT spend has gone away, you will continue to add beds although probably not at the same rate and you've got the Las Vegas hospital coming online. So I guess I'm just -- do you think that this CapEx number is one that you can hold for the next few years or will we see it go up? 
Alan Miller: So 15 I think it will sort of third year in a row that we’ve run at sort of 375 to 400 range, and I would say that it has included a few years of some EHR spending it included an increase behavioral bed component. All those years have included some new acute hospitals for several year that was the Temecula facility and then for the next couple year that will be the Las Vegas facility, so I think it will tell you in our own model we continue to use a CapEx place holder at about that same level.
Operator: So we have no further questions in the queue at this time.
Steve Filton: Okay we want to thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking with everybody again at the end of first quarter.
Operator: Thank you, this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Filton - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Justin Lake - JPMorgan Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs  Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse Whit Mayo - Robert Baird Joshua Raskin - Barclays A.J. Rice - UBS Ana Gupte - Leerink Chris Rigg - Susquehanna 
Operator:   Good morning. My name is Tanya and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Universal Health Services' Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). Thank you.  Mr. Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve Filton: Good morning and welcome to Universal Health Services third quarter 2014 earnings call. During this call, I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in those forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014. I'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions.  As discussed in our press release last night, the Company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $0.82 for the quarter. After adjusting each quarters' reported results for the items disclosed on the supplemental schedule included with last night's earnings release, adjusted net income attributable to UHS increased approximately 26% to 137.5 million or $1.36 per diluted share during the third quarter of 2014 as compared to 109.5 million or $1.10 per diluted share during the third quarter of last year. On a same facility basis in our acute care division, revenues during the third quarter of 2014 increased 7.9% over last year’s third quarter. The increase resulted primarily from a 4.1% increase in adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year and a 3.6% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals increased to 18.3% during the third quarter of 2014 from 14.4% during the third quarter of 2013. On a same facility basis, net revenues in our behavioral health division increased 6.2% during the third quarter of 2014 as compared to the third quarter of 2013. During this year's third quarter, as compared to last year's, adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 5.4% and adjusted patient days increased 2.1%. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 2.9% during the third quarter of 2014 over the comparable prior year quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year increased to 27.6% during the third quarter of 2014 as compared to 27.3% during the third quarter of 2013. Our cash from operating activities increased approximately 25% to 231 million during the third quarter of 2014, as compared to 185 million in the third quarter of 2013. Our accounts receivable days outstanding decreased to 57 days during the third quarter of 2014 as compared to 59 days during the third quarter of 2013. At September 30, 2014, our ratio of debt to total capitalization decreased to 48.9% as compared to 52.9% at September 30, 2013. We spent $123 million on capital expenditures during the third quarter of 2014 and $309 million during the first nine months of this year. In late September 2014, we acquired the stock of Cygnet Health Care Limited for a purchase price of approximately $327 million. Through this acquisition, we have added a total of 18 facilities located throughout the United Kingdom, including 16 inpatient behavioral health hospitals and two nursing homes with a total of 734 beds. Cygnet has a national footprint and is one of the largest independent providers of behavioral health facilities in the United Kingdom. They are the leading specialist mental health provider in the UK which includes services for children, eating disorders and autism among others. They have outstanding customer relationships and a well established reputation for excellence. The Cygnet facilities generated aggregate revenues of approximately $161 million during the 12 month period prior to our acquisition. During 2014, we have opened a total of 242 new behavioral health beds at some of our busiest facilities. We expect to complete construction and open another 258 beds in the fourth quarter, including the opening of the 102 bed Quail Run Behavioral Hospital in North Phoenix. Near the end of the second quarter of this year we acquired a commercial health insurer headquartered in Reno, Nevada. Included in our operating results for the third quarter of 2014 is approximately $48 million to $50 million of revenues and other operating expenses recorded in connection with its operations. During the third quarter of 2014, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program, whereby from time-to-time as conditions allow, we may spend up to $400 million to purchase shares of our Class B common stock on the open market or in negotiated private transactions. In conjunction with this program during the third quarter of 2014, we repurchased 227,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $25.2 million.  I will be pleased to answer your questions at this time. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line of Justin Lake with JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Good morning. Steve one question here, can you give us an update on the benefits of reform in the quarter versus the Q2 run-rate and then maybe some comments on how to think about a framework for 2015 ACA benefits for the company? Thanks.
Steve Filton :  Sure, Justin. So I think, what we had said in our second quarter call and I think we acknowledge that our analysis was limited by a number of factors and so it was not absolutely precise. But we estimated that of the acute care improvement year-over-year somewhere around 35% - 40% of it was attributable to the Affordable Care Act and the favorable impacts of that. Another 35% to 40% attributable to an improved economy in many of our local markets and then finally another maybe 15% to 20% attributable to local market factors, market share increases that sort of thing. I think we felt like for the most part those percentages held relatively steady in the third quarter as well. As far as thinking about the impact of reform on next year, obviously I think we're going to wait as I'm sure most of our peers will to see what the enrollment data looks like. Obviously, this year open enrollment for exchange products will be completed by the end of the year, so by the time we give our guidance at the end of February we should have a pretty decent picture of new enrollment both from a Medicaid and an exchange perspective. And we'll base our 2015 estimates in part on that data, much as we did this year although, the data was not available until later in the sort of chronology this year. So, that's how we'll go about framing our 2015 ACA impact.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: One clarification, Steve, you said the breakdown of the growth was similar in terms of how much was ACA in the third quarter versus the second quarter. Obviously, third quarter growth was great but not as significant as the second quarter's growth especially in the acute care business. Should I take that to mean that your ACA benefit in your mind declined in terms of absolute dollar benefit sequentially?
Steve Filton:  I think that's right, Justin. We talked a little bit about the fact that we had a sense in the second quarter because our same store revenue acute care revenue growth in the second quarter which was 11.5% was so significant that there was some aspect of that that was perhaps sort of one-timeish in nature whether that was because of the sort of bolus of enrollment that occurred in the second quarter or some pent-up demand that was exercised in the second quarter. But, it certainly appears as if the growth rate that we realized in the third quarter of 7.9% was still very strong seems to us to be sort of a more sustainable rate going forward. So yes, I think we felt like that real strong revenue growth that we saw in Q2 whether it was attributable to ACA or to an improving economy, decelerated just a little bit in Q3
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Brian Zimmerman with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs : Hi, thanks and good morning. I was hoping, if you could give us a little bit more detail on what you're seeing in terms of exchange volumes versus Medicaid expansion in states that have done so. Just any more granularity there would be helpful.
Steve Filton: Sure, Brian. So I mean I think that we continue to believe that in 2014, the larger portion of the ACA impact is from Medicaid expansion. And we've seen our Medicaid volumes increase by double-digits, certainly in that sort of 12%, 13% range year-to-date. And exchange or commercial volumes increased definitely increased by a measurable amount but by certainly less than that. Again not difficult to be terribly precise about it but I think we would sort of attribute maybe two-thirds of the ACA benefits to Medicaid expansion in '14 and maybe a third to exchange expansion or exchange enrollment.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs:  Okay and then can you give us a bit more detail on what you're seeing in terms of acuity in payor mix in the quarter?
Steve Filton: Again I think, from a payor mix perspective, the trends are similar to what we've seen all year which is a relatively measurable decline in uninsured volumes, uninsured volumes are down probably 7% to 8% for the year and those are offset by an increase in both Medicaid and commercial volumes as I just noted, and those trends continued into Q3 and I think our expectation is they will continue into Q4 as well.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs:  Alright. Thanks a lot.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. Good morning. So I guess I wanted to ask two things here. The first, you mentioned the acquisition of a managed care plan and I guess, I'd just be curious to get a little bit of flavor for what you're doing with that plan and, I guess, specifically inside this quarter. Can you just talk a little bit about maybe the earnings impact? I know you gave us a revenue number, obviously -- that's a lower margin business. Were there any transition costs of any sort? And just help us put that into perspective.
Steve Filton: Sure. So from I think a strategic perspective, Darren, the acquisition of the health plan is really part of sort of the broader preparation and, I think, foundation that we're building for the more integrated or the demands for a more integrated health care delivery system that we anticipate and I think, frankly, most of our peers anticipate is going to be required in the future. And so, as we continue to form more integrated relationships with our physicians and some of our long-term care providers, et cetera, and other niche providers, we also I think wanted to have the option in at least certain markets of being able to offer an insurance product, in some cases, the Medicare Advantage Insurance product. And as we thought about how best to create that infrastructure and capability, we looked at potentially building it on our own from scratch or buying it and ultimately decided that buying a small insurance company and the one we chose was in a market that we already operate in Reno, although I don't think there was anything terribly significant about the location itself, because I think for the most part we would like to be able to transform that or transmit that capability to other markets. So that was the driver behind the decision. As I indicated in my remarks, maybe approximately $50 million of revenues and expenses in the quarter, slightly dilutive at the EBITDA line and I think we anticipate that it will remain that way for the first, maybe 18 to 24 months of operation at which point we think it would become accretive or positive from an EBITDA perspective. But again, the real goal here is not to create an insurance business that’s going on its own become terribly profitable but really to help us drive some of the results in our markets and alignments that we're really looking for.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just the EBITDA dilution, should we thinking, a few million or is there something...
Steve Filton: Yeah. I would say on an annual basis, in that sort of $5 million to $8 million range.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess I wanted to ask also here about the Cygnet transaction. With regard to the skilled nursing facilities is that, I guess those two facilities, will you continue to operate them or how should we think about that in terms of the enterprise you're buying? And then, what do you think the EBITDA contribution for Cygnet can be on a run rate basis? And then, just I guess specific to guidance, it was not implicitly in the original guidance so how should we put the annual guide into context?
Steve Filton: So trying to work backwards, I think that when we announced the Cygnet transaction, we talked about a margin profile for that business that was fairly similar to our own which I think translates to something like $10 million to $11 million of incremental EBITDA a quarter. And I think also it translates to something like $0.10 to $0.15 of EPS accretion in the first year of operation. So to your point, Darren, with a quarter of that to be realized in the fourth quarter, we didn't think those numbers were material enough to change our operating guidance given any other moving parts that we might have. And then as to your first question about the two nursing homes that the company owned, I mean, that's a long standing – those are long standing facilities that the company owned, not necessarily an indication of a business that we're looking to expand, et cetera. I don't know that we're in any rush to divest any of the Cygnet facilities, but I don't think we also have any desire to expand the nursing home business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. So, I guess a couple of questions. I want to go back to your comment about how -- the reform benefit in Q3 might be a little bit less than the reform benefit in Q2. If I remember correctly your adjusted admission number actually was better in Q3 versus Q2 on a more difficult comp. So, trying to understand, it sounds to me like you're saying that there is demand in Q2 that might have inflated the benefit and that came back to normal, where would we see that if not in the volume number?
Steve Filton: Well, again, Kevin, what I was sort of referring to was the fact that our same store revenue growth in Q3 was some 360 basis points better than it was in Q -- than our revenue growth in Q2 is better, 360 basis points better than in Q3. And to your point if the volumes are the same then obviously it's in the revenue per unit and that becomes sort of a mix issue. And again, to be absolutely fair about it I'm not sure that we can specifically identify why the mix was so good in Q2, and returned in our minds to a more normal range in Q3. But I think, the things or the dynamics that we speculated on was potentially the impact of sort of you know utilization occurring as enrollment incurred whether it was Medicaid or commercial, or the fact that you know perhaps, there was some bolus pent-up demand among those newly insured. Again, whether they were newly insured as a result of an improving economy or of the ACA we also had a little bit of as we have disclosed in Q2, some catch up, Texas reimbursement that drove those numbers a little bit as well. So I think that -- it's just the issue of trying to offer an explanation of why that same-store revenue growth was somewhat higher in Q2 versus Q3.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay. I guess, in the past when you talked about why you think it's 35% to 40% reform and 35% -- or 35%, 40% economy you talked a little bit about performance in the expansion versus non-expansion states. Can you talk a little bit about what happened maybe in Texas versus Nevada?
Steve Filton:  Yes. I mean I think, I'm not sure that, I mean I do think another dynamic that is affecting that slight deceleration in revenue growth is the fact that the Las Vegas market and I think the economic improvement in the Las Vegas market that drove higher revenues was something that we began to experience in the middle of 2013. So, by the third quarter of 2014 we were clearly starting to lap or anniversary that improvement, and that comparison consequently has become a little bit more difficult. I think we're still clearly ahead in the third quarter of '14 versus '13 in Las Vegas but probably further ahead in some of the other markets like Texas and California whose improvements started later and really didn't start in 2014.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I may have missed this from the question before, but did you comment on transaction costs around Cygnet in the quarter?
Steve Filton:  I'm sorry no, I did not. But there were no significant transaction costs in the quarter for Cygnet. 
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  But will you have any in Q4, or they're just not [indiscernible]. 
Steve Filton :  No I mean, we had basically legal fees and some related transaction fees but no fees for an advisor or anything like that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets:  Yes. I guess, just a follow up on that last question. You were starting to talk a little bit about Texas given that the recovery in Vegas area lapped. But, I was hoping you could go around some of the other markets and maybe comment on those, where they are and maybe give us some color on how long you think the runway is in the recovery, is there anything different about how long we should expect the recovery in Texas and some other states? How long should that be sustained compared to what we saw in Vegas, and then secondly likelihood of a California provider tax hitting in the fourth quarter? I know it's not in your guidance but, do you still think that's a likelihood and is that still like a $9 million or $10 million kind of number? 
Steve Filton:  Sure. So, again, trying to take it backwards and at the risk of forgetting something as I work my way back. The California provider tax we did quantify as having the value to us of about $9 million or $10 million annually. As we said in -- when we offered our original guidance early in the year we did not include it in our original guidance, we did not include it in our revised guidance and specifically because it was pending CMS approval and while we ultimately expected that CMS approval will be granted, it was difficult for us to project or predict when that would happen and et cetera. And I think that's still the case. So, we continue to hope that we get CMS approval and that we get those moneys but, I have not projected that in our revised guidance and I think we'll continue to take that position. As far as your other question Frank about the individual markets again, I mean, I think that what we've seen and I think we commented on this after the end of our Q2 reporting was we've seen strength in all of our markets. And I think, that strength can be attributable to both Medicaid expansion in places like California and Nevada and D.C.  It can attributed to an improving economy in a number of states including -- and I think notably Texas as well as exchange enrollment in a number of states including Texas and California. I think our sense is that those benefits that is the people who have enrolled in insurance plans whether, they be Medicaid or exchanges as a result of the ACA or people who have gotten or maybe even reentered the insured market because they've returned to the job force, et cetera. I think, we think, those benefits definitely continue for the most part into 2015. I think what we are not necessarily sure of is to what degree there will be new enrollment, ACA enrollment in 2015. I think that was sort of the context of my answer to Justin's question earlier. And I think the other piece that is sort of obvious is there is a sort of initial benefit as these un-insureds reenter the insured marketplace. And while that benefit is sustained, it doesn't continue to incrementally increase. So, while we’re starting to lap the Las Vegas benefit in Q3, maybe and I think from here on out, we won't lap the other the benefits that we started to enjoy in the beginning of '14 until next year. But there will be some element of that occurring next year.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. One final and then I'll hop off. Just looking at the implied range for the fourth quarter given that you're reaffirming guidance, a pretty wide range there, I think it's something like 127 to157. Anything we should be mindful of in considering as we look at that wide range and try to hone in a final number, just anything we should be aware of? And I'll hop. Thank you.
Steve Filton: I don't think so. I mean, obviously, it was an intentional decision on our part not to narrow the range. I still we still continue to believe that there are -- there's a decent amount of volatility in the markets, et cetera, but generally are comfortable that we will meet our original range and I'm not sure that any further commentary was intended or required.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe : Thanks, good morning. Just want to go to same facility side of things, you had sizable improvement in the acute care and a bump up on the behavioral side, but when I look at in aggregate we didn't see the same level of sort of margin pull through or improvement. So what outsiders for the organic is preventing the better margin performance. I know you mentioned the Reno health plan, but is there anything else in terms of corporate overhead or other costs that's sort of impacting the margins?
 Credit Suisse: Thanks, good morning. Just want to go to same facility side of things, you had sizable improvement in the acute care and a bump up on the behavioral side, but when I look at in aggregate we didn't see the same level of sort of margin pull through or improvement. So what outsiders for the organic is preventing the better margin performance. I know you mentioned the Reno health plan, but is there anything else in terms of corporate overhead or other costs that's sort of impacting the margins?
Steve Filton: Yes, Ralph. So, I mean, we had 7.9% same store revenue growth in our acute care business and almost 400 basis point improvement in margins. I realized that the audience can be sometimes pretty tough, but I think we consider that to be pretty strong performance on the behavioral side where we already have very robust margins. We had a 30 basis point improvement in margins, again, I think we felt like both of those results were kind of well within our expectations. I think when you compare perhaps the acute business sequentially to last quarter, again, I'll just go back and highlight the fact that the results that we posted in Q2 with an 11.5% increase in same store revenue were a little bit better than what we posted with a 7.9% increase in revenue that's just the nature of the model. But again, I think the third quarter results were well within our expectations and honestly I don't know that we could do a whole lot better than that. 
Ralph Giacobbe : No, that's fair, Steve. I guess what I was asking more was sort of on an aggregate or consolidated basis as opposed -- I mean, the same store numbers were clearly strong from the acute and the behavioral standpoint. The pull through wasn't there from a total margin perspective, so I'm just trying to reconcile and I know the Reno piece, the Reno health plan probably, to your point earlier, dragged it down. I guess I was just wondering, are there other corporate overhead or other costs that sort of didn't allow you to show through better on the sort of consolidated margin line, not on the same store?
 Credit Suisse: No, that's fair, Steve. I guess what I was asking more was sort of on an aggregate or consolidated basis as opposed -- I mean, the same store numbers were clearly strong from the acute and the behavioral standpoint. The pull through wasn't there from a total margin perspective, so I'm just trying to reconcile and I know the Reno piece, the Reno health plan probably, to your point earlier, dragged it down. I guess I was just wondering, are there other corporate overhead or other costs that sort of didn't allow you to show through better on the sort of consolidated margin line, not on the same store?
Steve Filton: No. And I don't think there are Ralph, I mean, nothing of any material amount.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: And then I guess on the behavioral side, you showed sort of continued momentum and strength in the revenue there, driven by the volume side. Any thoughts on sort of drivers of that? Are we starting to see -- do you think we're starting to see some parity benefits take hold or you think it's still too early on that front and then maybe how you expect that to play out in 2015?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, the pace of revenue growth has picked up in behavioral as the year has gone on. I think we were in the sort of 3.5% range of revenue growth in Q1 and then a little under 6 in Q2 and a little over 6 in Q3. And again, in much the same way and maybe even a little bit more so, it's difficult I think for us to precisely identify either in ACA or a mental health parity impact in the behavioral space. But I think the sense in Q3 was that maybe we started to get a little bit of benefit, not terribly material, but a little bit of benefit from one or both of those dynamics. Certainly, I think we had entered the year with a notion that our behavioral business would grow by about 4.5% - 5% same store revenue, so we've done a little bit better than that in the last two quarters. And I think there's a general inclination to believe that a little bit of that is coming from reform/parity.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Okay. All right. Great. And then just my last one. Did you have any headwind from Texas Medicaid waiver cuts or I guess the deferral around that?
Steve Filton: So, I mean, I think that question is prompted by the HCA announcement that they had sort of two, I'll call it non-recurring revenue items or will have in the quarter, one is they recognized their RAC settlement in the third quarter. We did not do that. We will recognize it in the fourth quarter when we receive the settlement or sign the settlement, that number is not terribly material. I think it's probably in the $5 million or maybe a little bit lower range. And then HCA announced that it was reversing either some or all of its Texas uncompensated care revenue. We did not do that in part because, we are not in the same counties that CMS targeted with their deferrals. So, we are not in any of those same counties and so we continue to record our Texas uncompensated care revenue at the same rates that we have then.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with Robert Baird.
Whit Mayo - Robert Baird:  Hey thanks, good morning. Just first question is really just on Cygnet just meaningful impact on your tax rate looking out over the next year and how do you think -- or how should we think about the growth opportunities in the UK and what's similar and dissimilar versus the U.S. market?
Steve Filton:  Sure. So, from a tax rate perspective Whit, the UK effective tax rate is much closer to 20% than the high 30s that we incur here in U.S., and we should continue to enjoy that lower tax rate as long as we don't repatriate those moneys or effectively bring them back to the U.S. So, I think in the short and intermediate term, the expectation is that on those Cygnet earnings we will enjoy a lower effective tax rate. As far as the growth opportunities, I think when we announced the deal we articulated the notion that I think one of the things that drove us to enter the UK was the opportunity to grow in ways that may be coming a little more difficult in the U.S. We've got a bunch of facilities now in the UK, 18 facilities that are mostly operating at very high occupancy rate so, we have the same sort of organic capacity expansion opportunities that we have here in the U.S. I think, we also have the opportunity to acquire other facilities in the UK and while we have those same opportunities here in the U.S., the opportunity to do that in a big way in the U.S. is certainly becoming more limited, and also we're restrained because we have such a significant footprint with our behavioral facilities here in the U.S. that in many markets and with many acquisition opportunities we are limited by some FTC and similar restrictions that obviously we don't have in the UK. So, we're very excited about the opportunity not only as I articulated in my comments to have acquired this very well run behavioral business in the UK but, to have also acquired a platform that I think, will allow us some of the robust growth in the UK that we've enjoyed here in the U.S. over the last few years.
Whit Mayo - Robert Baird:  Is there a range for kind of organic revenue growth and maybe inorganic revenue growth that you think is reasonably achievable out over the next two to three years?
Steve Filton :  I mean again I think, in terms of the inorganic or the M&A activity, we've always been of the mind that we never really try and frame that or guide to it because, I think we always had the view that we're going to be opportunistic about those opportunities. If there are compelling opportunities to earn an above market return then we're going to pursue those aggressively. And frankly if there are not, then you know we'll be judicious about it. As far as the organic growth I mean I think, that our activities here in the U.S. where we were adding something like 3% to 5% on the incremental bid base here in the U.S. that we've been doing for seven years or eight years, I think that's probably not an unrealistic way to think about what we might be able to do in the UK.
Whit Mayo - Robert Baird:  Okay and my math might be off a little bit but Temecula looks like it's probably off to pretty good start, looks like the third quarter revenues may have in fact, doubled over the second quarter and it does appear to be EBITDA positive. So, just any update on that hospital, how it's trended with your expectations?
Steve Filton:  Yes. So, I don't have those numbers right in front of me Whit so I'm unable to confirm what you're speculating, but I will say that in general, which I have said on our previous calls, our California results have really been very positive this year. And we tend to look at the overall what I'll call the overall Riverside County market that Temecula is part of. And certainly that has exceeded our expectations. Temecula itself as we expected, kind of ramping up and again, not -- I don't have it right in front of me but, I think it may be a little bit short of our internal expectations although, as I said, I think the overall market is clearly ahead of our expectations. 
Whit Mayo - Robert Baird:  Got it and one last one just on buybacks and I know it's less than a formality to extend or increase your authorization but, how do you think we should be thinking about the pace of buybacks over the next 6 to 12 months? Thanks. 
Steve Filton:  Sure well I mean, I want to put it in the context when we announced the buyback in late July, we did so with the notion that we really felt our leverage levels were as really as low as we wanted or needed them to be and certainly didn't intend for them to get much lower than they were at that time. Now at that time, we were not at all certain that we were going to do the Cygnet deal. Obviously, two months after the announcement of the share buyback, we deployed $327 million of capital to acquire Cygnet. So, in that sense I think we had some capital deployment that we were not anticipating. And so I think our basic approach to share repurchase will be much like we articulated at the time and that is we view share repurchase as another opportunity for us to deploy capital. And we will compare that to the attractiveness of both organic and inorganic opportunities we have, and we'll continue to make that judgment as we move along.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Barclays. 
Joshua Raskin - Barclays: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. First question just on the behavioral side. The revenue per adjusted admission trends to have obviously been sort of zero-ish numbers for a pretty long time. I guess are we getting to a point where length of stay and some of the other impacts there are going to start turning at some point? I mean, obviously, the revenue growth has been very strong on the behavioral, but just curious on the revenue per adjusted admission.
Steve Filton: Yeah, Josh. I mean, I think that we've been facing this length of stay challenge for some time. And while I think it is reasonable and rationale to expect that at some point it will level off, we quite frankly and, I'll say, I, personally haven't been very good at predicting when that will be. So I think it while we took the approach that we took this year is we're going to assume that length of stay continues to decline at sort of this 3% to 4% rate that it has been, until we really see some evidence over the course of a couple of quarters at least that that's not the case and it really has leveled off. To be fair, I just don't think we're there yet, although certainly at some point we think we will see that. I think you sort of described of behavioral dynamic pretty well in the sense that we're seeing a very steady reliable revenue growth and volume growth and we've seen that for a while. I think the real upside as you suggest at least to some degree in the behavioral business occurs when either that length of stay levels off which we assume will happen at some point, and, or we start to get the benefit from reform and/or parity. And as I suggested in some my earlier comments, maybe we started to get a little bit of that in Q3. But I think we feel like and have always felt more like we would start to see a more measurable benefit in 2015and beyond.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays:  That makes sense. And then just last question on the fourth quarter, I know you guys are confirming the guidance which obviously is a wide range. But anything, we should think of as unusual from either of seasonality or a sequential change in the fourth quarter that would be atypical relative to what we've seen in the past for the fourth quarter?
Steve Filton: No. I mean, obviously, the normal seasonality should be present but other than that no, I don't think there's anything that we know of that people should be thinking about in terms of their expectations for the fourth quarter. 
Joshua Raskin - Barclays: Okay, unless California provider or something like that happens.
Steve Filton: Right, right. That would be obviously something we're not anticipating at the moment.
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice - UBS: Hi, everyone. Maybe just a couple of quick ones here. When you think about looking ahead to 2015 and ongoing reform benefit, obviously there's some discussion about potential states expanding. I don't know if you have any particular view on states that if they expand, that would be particularly helpful to you that are likely to expand. I guess also, though, there's clearly the exchange population, and there'll be some natural growth there. But I'm also curious. So we've got some new some of the managed care guys are going to be more aggressive next year. Is there anything you're doing in terms of new contracting, recontracting, approaching that business that's worth noting in terms of 2015 and its potential benefit to you?
Steve Filton: Sure, A.J. So, as far as the expansion – further Medicaid expansion goes, I mean, the two states that are significant to us that have not yet expanded are Florida and Texas. I'm not sure that my commentary on those states is any more valuable than anyone else's. I think they're big states and people are following the developments there. I don't think either of those states is about to imminently expand Medicaid. So, we will follow that along with everybody else. But those are clearly the two states that continue to or would make a difference for us if they did expand. As far as next year goes on exchange enrollment, I don't know that we're seeing a whole lot of new developments. I think we anticipated that maybe we would see a greater move to narrower networks next year. I don't know that we are seeing that. I think like all other providers, we are having sort of developing conversations with our managed care providers about changes in contracts to move to, to move away from fee for service reimbursement and to some sort of fee for value proposition, but I think those developments continue to be relatively slow developing and I don't think our anticipation is that in 2015, we will have a significant amount of our reimbursement that will be sort of new or different from our traditional fee for service.
A.J. Rice - UBS: Okay. And I know we've talked around some of the growth opportunities in the UK with Cygnet deal. I think one of the things that’s been thrown out is that there are other properties held by the private equity, held by different private equity groups and that there might be opportunities down the road for bigger transactions as well. In your thinking about that, would you say, hey we've got to run Cygnet for a while, get comfortable with market or if one of those bigger transactions came along fairly quickly would you guys be comfortable feel like you have enough of understanding of the market to go for that?
Steve Filton:  You know A.J., I think our experience is opportunities present themselves when they present themselves so, I think ideally I would, sort of echo the position that you just articulated. We'd certainly like to be able to run Cygnet for a while, get used to the new market. But on the other hand we're very comfortable with the experienced management team that we have in place there, and so I will tell you that we're evaluating opportunities as they're arising in the UK. And we'll continue to do so. So, I don't think we will be limited by sort of an absolute prescription that we have to wait. I think, we're going to try and do what we think is right for that investment there in the UK. 
A.J. Rice - UBS:  Okay, all right, thanks a lot.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte with Leerink.
Ana Gupte - Leerink:  Yeah thanks, good morning. Just wanted to follow up Steve on the comments or the attribution on payor mix. I think, you said two-thirds is Medicaid, one-third is exchanges is that -- and have you been able to see any difference between the exchange membership that came onboard in April and May which was more late enrollment probably lower acuity any observations there?
Steve Filton:  So, I think I would say two things, Ana. I mean my two-thirds one-third comment I think, it was a year-to-date comment. I think that earlier in the year in the first quarter, it was really more heavily weighted to Medicaid and then in the second and third quarters it began to swing with a little bit less weight towards Medicaid and more to commercial as the commercial enrollment increased. And again, I suspect that dynamic continues into Q4. As far as acuity and I know others have commented a little bit differently but, I think for the most part we feel like the acuity of our newly enrolled ACA patients whether they be Medicaid or commercial patients has been largely reflective of our existing insured population and not terribly different.
Ana Gupte - Leerink:  And have you been able to distinguish you know -- with your systems can you tell us if it's a commercial life or if it's an exchange life at this point? 
Steve Filton:  Ana, I think from the beginning we've said that, I think in some cases we feel we can do that very precisely and in others it is not so clear, and which is I think why whenever we've given ACA impact estimates, we've given a fairly broad range because it is not always absolutely identifiable and easily and objectively identifiable. 
Ana Gupte - Leerink:  Okay one last question. It sounds like the exchange rates are looking still pretty good and the contracts are fairly long-term. Have you had any data so far to see whether collectability of deductibles now might be an issue and put some pressure on the margin?
Steve Filton: I think that our accounting has anticipated the idea that the collectability of coachers and deductibles on those exchange plans might be less than what we have experienced historically, I don't know so, I think our accounting has been appropriately conservative in that regard. I don't know that we have enough actual experience to really make that statement definitively however.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg with Susquehanna.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna:  Hi good morning. I got in here a little bit late so, I apologize if this was asked. But, I know you talked about Reno in a little more detail relative to what was in the second quarter 10-Q. It looks like the capital being allocated there is coming in a little bit more significant than what I would've expected and so, would just love some sort of qualitative -- a better qualitative understanding as to the strategic rational there. Is it entirely due to market dynamics, capitation or something like that or is this sort of a beta test for something that could become more significant in the future? 
Steve Filton :  Yes so and we did [indiscernible] about a little bit, Chris so I'll be brief but, I think that it is really more of the latter. First of all, it is not really at all specific to the Reno market, that just happens to be where the plan is located. I think it's really to give us the capability as we think about this sort of integrated healthcare delivery system of the future with closer relationships with physicians and other long term care niche providers and I think the ability in some markets to be able to offer an insurance product maybe a Medicare Advantage insurance product. We think it's just a worthwhile capability to have, that's what really drove the desire to have this what I'll call insurance infrastructure or platform. 
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna:  Okay and then just on the comments on leverage I mean, what is sort of the internal target these days or what's sort of the level you'd like to be at going forward?
Steve Filton:  [Indiscernible] we have a very specific target. I think if you sort of look at our history here, we were comfortable levering up to do the PSI deal to a little bit over 4 times debt to EBITDA, that was obviously an extremely attractive and perhaps a fairly unique deal. On the other hand then, when we levered back-down to into close to the low-2s, I think we clearly felt that was about as low as we wanted or needed to go. So, certainly, within that range and I appreciate the fact that it's a fairly broad range, but we're certainly comfortable operating within that range. And again, we'll operate within that range and be responsive to compelling opportunities as they arise.
Operator:   There are no further questions at this time. Do you have any closing remarks?
Steve Filton: No. I just want to thank everybody for their time, and I look forward to speaking again next quarter.
Operator:   This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Secretary Alan Miller - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Justin Lake - JPMorgan A.J. Rice - UBS Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Frank Morgan- RBC Capital Markets Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird Gary Taylor - Citigroup
Operator: Mr. Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve Filton: Thank you. Good morning. This is Steve Filton. Alan Miller, our CEO is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2014. During this conference call, Alan, I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $1.51 for the quarter. After adjusting each quarter's reported results for the items disclosed on the supplemental schedule included with last night's earnings release, adjusted net income attributable to UHS, increased approximately 30% to $155.6 million of $1.55 per diluted share during the second quarter of 2014 as compared to $118.9 million or $1.20 per diluted share during the second quarter of last year. On a same facility basis in our acute division, revenues during the second quarter of 2014 increased 11.5% over last year's comparable quarter. The increase resulted primarily from a 3.6% increase in adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year and a 7.7% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same facility basis, operating margins for our acute hospitals increased to 19.2% during the second quarter of 2014 from 14.8% during the second quarter of 2013. On a same facility basis, net revenues in our behavioral health division increased 5.9% during the second quarter of 2014 as compared to the second quarter of 2013, during this year's second quarter as compared to last year's adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 4.4% and adjusted patient days increased 1.8%. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 2.6% during the second quarter of 2014 over the comparable prior year quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year were 28.6% and 28.7% during the quarters ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Our cash from operating activities was approximately $264 million during the second quarter of 2014 as compared to $212 million in the second quarter of 2013. For the six months ended June 30, 2014, our cash provided by operating activities increased approximately 17% to $458 million over the $391 million generated during the comparable six-month period of 2013. Our accounts receivable days outstanding decreased to 53 days during the second quarter of 2014 as compared to 57 days during the second quarter of 2013. At June 30, 2014, our ratio of debt to total capitalization decreased to 47% as compared to 54.2% at June 30, 2013. We spent $94 million on capital expenditures during the second quarter of 2014 and $187 million during the first six months. Based upon the operating trends and financial results experienced during the first six months of 2014, we are increasing our estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2014 to $5.55 to $5.85 per diluted share. This revised guidance, which excludes the expected electronic health records impact for the year as well as the impact of the other items reflected on the supplemental schedule for the six months ended June 30, 2014, represents an increase of approximately 15% to 16% from the previously provided range of $4.80 to $5.10 per diluted share. This guidance range, which is subject to certain conditions including those set forth in last night's earnings release also excludes the impact of future items, if applicable, that are nonrecurring or nonoperational in nature including items such as, but not limited to, gains on sales of assets and businesses, costs related to extinguishment of debt, reserves for settlements, legal judgments and lawsuits, impairments of long-lived assets, impact of share repurchases and other material amounts that may be reflected in our financial statements that relate to prior periods. Our Board of Directors has authorized a stock repurchase program whereby, from time to time as conditions allow, we may spend up to $400 million to purchase shares of our Class B common stock on the open market or in negotiated private transactions and they have also increase our third quarter dividend payable on September from $0.05 a share to $0.10 a share. Alan and I would be pleased to answer your questions at this time. We would ask that you try and limit yourself to one question each. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question is from the line of Justin Lake.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Thanks. Good morning. My question would be on the acute care side. Obviously, great quarter you guys had there. Anything you could share with us in terms of breaking out the outperformance in terms, would you think that the ACA related in terms of coverage expansion benefits versus core improvements, whether economic driven or just business investments you have made, and then maybe even talk to specific markets, that would be really helpful. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Sure. We will try to do that, Justin. So I think as it was the case in the first quarter, I think we believe maybe a little bit more so than our peers that there is a fair amount of imprecision in trying to parse out or tease out the ACA impact and the impact of payor mix improvement coming from other sources particularly the improvement in our underlying economies. I think our best effort would be that in the quarter, if you look at the acute care year-over-year improvement, we would attribute somewhere between the third and a half of that improvement to the favorable ACA impact and the remainder of that improvement to improving economies in our local markets as well as idiosyncratic factors in our markets. And by that I mean the market share shifts, new service lines, et cetera. As far as the geography of it, I think we had relatively strong performance across the acute care portfolio but as we said in Q1, I think that the pleasant surprise of 2014 has really been the performance of our Texas markets, Texas not being a Medicaid expansion state and not being one that had set up statewide commercial exchanges, we were not necessarily anticipating a big ACA impact in that state, but generally I think the economy in Texas has improved fairly markedly and that's being reflected in our results. And our California markets as well have been very strong.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of A.J. Rice.
A.J. Rice - UBS: Thanks. Hi, everybody, and also congratulations on the beat there. Maybe just to flesh up further on reform benefits. I know the guidance, I think it said reform was $0.15 to $0.20 embedded in the original guidance. Have you updated that number? And then specific, seemed like quarter, most of the benefit was Medicaid related. Can you comment it that's still the case? And are you seeing any benefit from exchanges start to kick in at this point?
Steve Filton: Sure, A.J. I think that in terms of the latter part of the question, you have described it accurately. The ACA impact in Q1 was definitely more skewed to increases in Medicaid enrollment and clearly in Q2 we are seeing more of a commercial exchange impact, not surprisingly, since I think that the government's data showed that a lot of that exchange enrollment activity was taking place at the end of Q1. And so I think it's starting to filter its way to our business in Q2. As far as the ACA impact on our guidance, I would answer that in much the same way I answered Justin's question and that is, I think if you take a look at our revised guidance and you think about that as improved over the prior year, I think we would suggest that somewhere between a third and a half of that improvement is from the ACA and the rest is from other non-ACA factors.
A.J. Rice - UBS: Okay, all right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joshua Raskin.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Hi, thanks. Good morning, Steve. The first question just, and I don't want to beat the dead horse, but can you actually tell if its exchange lives relative to just general commercial improvement? Or are you seeing, its better in California, so that's why we think it's exchanges as opposed to economy or something like that? Is there a way for you guys to actually know that?
Steve Filton: So I think the way that we have approached it, Josh, is the way that we approached quantifying the ACA impact is to say that in Medicaid expansion states, we are going to attribute any benefit from increased Medicaid enrollment to the ACA and not really do that in the non-expansion states. As far as then the commercial exchange patients go, to the best of our ability, we are trying to identify those patients specifically, but I think that's really where we believe the imprecision comes in that in some cases we can clearly do that and we are very comfortable doing it. In other cases, it is not so clear. Somebody comes in with a Blue Cross card or another card and it is not actually clear to us whether they are exchange patient or not. So that's why we have this sort of range, and feel that to some degree we are estimating that impact.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Got you, and then just specifically on the buybacks. Do you guys have sort of a formulaic approach, debt to cap minimum that you hit and then you start buying back or are you just going to be more opportunistic, based on what the stock price does?
Steve Filton: I think the history of UHS is that we have been an active acquirer of our shares from time to time over the years and have generally been an opportunistic acquirer when we have been active. I think the message in the buyback authorization, from my perspective, is obviously just sort of a bullish message on the business. We are just very pleased with how the business is going and its outlook for the near and intermediate term for sure, but also as we talked about in our Q1 call, we have been very diligently paying down debt and reducing our leverage, really ever since the PSI deal more than three years ago. And I think we certainly feel that our leverage levels now are at a sufficiently low level that we are very comfortable with them and don't feel that they need to be a great deal lower, so that if we continue to generate cash at these levels and don't necessarily find other opportunities to deploy capital in the short-term, we will be more than happy to be acquirers of our own shares. And again, we will do that on an opportunistic basis.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin Fishbeck. Mr. Fishbeck, your line is open.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hello. Can you hear me?
Steve Filton: I can hear you. Go ahead.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So I guess last quarter you guys gave some specific information around the reduction in uninsured as far as, I think in the last quarter you saw extra admissions in the quarter, but length of stay and patient days. Do you have the updated data for this quarter?
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think that the results in Q2 suggest this, and the underlying metrics having supported, the trends that we saw, I think, in Q1 probably accelerated some into Q2. So the reduction in self pay or uncompensated patients grew to probably 10%, 11%, 12%, Medicaid utilization increased by 9% or 10% and commercial utilization increased probably 4% or 5%. So I think all those numbers were a little more favorable than they were in the first quarter, again reflective of a trend that we didn't see a lot of new trends in Q2, but an acceleration of the ones that we did see in Q1.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, that makes sense. Now jus the one last question on Vegas. The minority interest number actually was down year-over-year which is a bit surprising to me. I wasn't sure there was anything in there around the liability accrual that maybe reduced the comp year-over-year or was Vegas actually a somewhat difficult quarter?
Steve Filton: Yes. Vegas was ahead of last year's quarter, but I will remind people that the second quarter of last year was the first quarter where we called out a really measurable improvement in the Vegas economy and in our results. So the Vegas market rise was really the only difficult comparison in Q2 to last year and that's reflective in the fact that we certainly cosmetically, our Texas markets or our California markets were sort of outperforming. It's also worth noting, depending on what numbers you are looking at, but on that minority interest line, we had a favorable malpractice adjustment in the second quarter of 2013 and to the degree that that was allocated to the Vegas facilities, it made their second quarter 2013 results look somewhat better and so that's making the comparison again on the face of the income statement a little more difficult.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Darren Lehrich.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. And Alan, congrats on 35 years.
Alan Miller: Thank you. Thanks very much.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: So I wanted to maybe ask about behavioral and I know I have been asking this question pretty consistently, Steve, about length of stay in behavioral. It was down, I guess, seems to around 2.5%. I would be curious just to get any feedback here you are getting from the operators about whether you are sensing there is any bottoming at all there? And then on the other behavioral question I would like to sneak in here is just, are you getting any feedback at all about health plan design, now that July 1 has come around and the benefit years post July 1 has to, taking an account, the mental health parity? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Sure. So answering your second question first, Darren. As far as benefit plan design and then I think your question is, are we getting a sense that benefit plan design is changing in July to comply with the final mental health parity regulations which become effective in July, I would make two comments about that. One is from a practical perspective, I think all our sense is that the majority of those changes will likely take place in January 2015 when benefit plan design routinely changes. Anyway, for the most part, we will certainly press to the degree that we can for earlier changes, but again I think from a practical perspective, and I think it's part of the reason why we have always sort of tried to create the expectation that the ACA/mental health parity impact for the behavioral business would be more either backend loaded in 2014 or probably even skewed to 2015. As far as the length of stay issue -- and one other comment I will make just about benefit plan design is, I think the managed care companies are always going to be ahead of the curve from us in terms of understanding how that's changing. We will see those changes as those patients really start coming to our hospitals, and we get a quarter or two experience under our belts. So we will see. So I think it's probably too early for us to really answer that question in a meaningful way. As far as the length of stay goes, you suggest you have been asking this question for a long time, obviously, we have been answering it for a while as well. This trend has existed now and been in place for several years, really, I think since the height of the recession when Medicaid programs really started cutting back length of stay, I think as a means of controlling expenditures. We saw I think a little bit of improvement in Q1. Q2 took sort of another step down, although not a real significant one. I think very much consistent with our expectations. I would just say that in general the behavioral division, I think was right on our expectations for Q2 and just as a financial person impresses me quarter-after-quarter, with just their very strong consistent performance.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: And Steve, just so we are clear that the behavioral margins year-over-year, would they have been positive if the (inaudible) you reserved wasn't in the numbers?
Steve Filton: There is a few small plusses and minuses, Darren, and I think you know I could certainly make an argument that we were a tenth of point or two-tenths of a point ahead, but again I think what you are seeing in behavioral, from my perspective, is again is just very consistent margin performance in the high 20s. And to me, the real upside to that is really getting back to your original question, if the length of stay does not even improve, but just level off at some point and/or we do get some of the impact from either the ACA or the mental health parity final regulations, I think that's when you might see note that the next step-up in those behavioral margins.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Great. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Frank Morgan.
Frank Morgan- RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. I was hoping you could comment a little bit or detail around the surgical volume, both inpatient and outpatient? And I am curious if you are starting to see any kind of change in the mix of the payor mix of that business suggesting that maybe you are starting to see some of this newly insured business that in that area?
Steve Filton: Yes, Frank, so the metrics are easy to talk about. I think we had a 4% increase in our outpatient surgeries and a 2% increase in our inpatient surgeries. And I think in both cases, those numbers are really the best surgical volumes that we have posted probably since the recession began. So that's encouraging. Again, so looping back to the conversation I was having with Josh Raskin earlier, it's a little difficult for us to sort of parse that out between how much of that increase is reform related or ACA related and how much is not. I think our general sense is that most of that surgical strength comes from the improving economies, people going back to work, people feeling more comfortable about being out at work, those kinds of things than it does from necessarily ACA patients, new ACA patients are having those procedures. But to be fair, we can't tell that with great precision.
Frank Morgan- RBC Capital Markets: Okay and then changing gears, just on cash collection. Are you actually starting to see cash collections on those newly insured Medicaid patients that were coming in the door last quarter? Has that process been fairly seamless? And have you noticed any change there? And then finally I am going to hop, what is action -- this is a mechanical question, what is the run or the EPS for the first half of the year that you are using to update your annual guidance? What is the number you are actually using to build off to get to your new full year guidance? Thanks.
Steve Filton: So I would refer people to the supplemental schedule in our press release, where we adjust for the electronic health record number and the nonrecurring gain we had in the first quarter and that will show you effectively the adjusted earnings that we are using to then say, you know, this is what we are basing our revised guidance on.
Frank Morgan- RBC Capital Markets: So that cash collections on the newly insured Medicaid patients?
Steve Filton: So the cash collection and I think our DSOs reflect this, Frank. I think there was a little slowdown in Q1 in some of the states like Nevada, where I think they were frankly overwhelmed with new Medicaid enrollees. But again, as you just see from the general cash flow in Q2 and just that the DSOs, I think for the most part, those initial bumps are working themselves out and we are collecting on both the newly enrolled Medicaid patients as well as the new commercial exchange patients that had a pretty normal, I would say.
Frank Morgan- RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paula Kurt [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Congratulations on a great quarter. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more broadly about the urban acute hospital landscape? And are you seeing some better opportunities for any M&A activity there? Are there any assets you have identified or any particular markets that you are really focused in on? And when might we start to see some activity there at all and what might some of the challenges be in getting anything done in the next couple of years? Thank you.
Steve Filton: Sure, Paula. So UHS has generally been situated in the middle of that continuum that you are sort of suggesting of the rural and urban and however sweet spot, particularly in our acute care division has been kind of the midsize urban, large suburban markets we have tended to try and locate. I think we have a sense that not-for-profit hospitals around the country in those kinds of markets are having all sorts of conversations and evaluating their future, and thinking about how they want to position themselves in the healthcare landscape over the next three years and five years, et cetera. But I will also say that those conversations, historically, I think take a long time to evolve and mature. We are trying to stay on top of them as much as we can and as those hospitals decide that they want to look in a different direction or want to consider other alternatives. We certainly have, as we were alluding to before, the capital flexibility and the desire to respond to those opportunities as they arise.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great, and I just have one follow-up as we think about guidance. I guess in terms of the same facility revenue, let's take it on the acute care side, you had guided to 3% to 4%, with EBITDA flat to slightly up. But obviously, we are much better than not. So where should we be thinking about taking that number in terms of how we are modeling the second half?
Steve Filton: I will answer the question just a little differently, Paula, in a sense. And I think what we try to do in revising our guidance was to take our first half of the year performance and for the most part just assume that that kind of improvement over the prior year and over our original expectations continues at about the same rate as it did for the first six months. We obviously then adjusted for a couple of the known plusses and minuses like the Texas Medicaid reimbursement that we disclosed, et cetera. But other than that, it was really pretty much as straightforward as that, and if you go through that same exercise you will land very much within the confines of our range.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks and good luck.
Steve Filton: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Rigg.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group: Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to try to parse out the economic versus ACA improvement a little bit more. I know you about Texas being very strong. But when you think about sort of the relative benchmarks, the inpatient, outpatient surgeries, are there other major regional differences, say in Texas versus California and Florida, et cetera that that might be worth highlighting? Thanks
Steve Filton: Sure, Chris. Generally look, I think that obviously you talk about a 4% increase in outpatient surgery, you are going to see some hospitals doing a little better there and others a little worse. But in general, the trends that we have discussed, the improved payor mix trends, the stronger surgical mix trends, really have been pretty much spread fairly evenly through the portfolio, as I said. As I think about 2014 in terms of how we originally envisioned and how it's played out, I think that our original thought was this would be year in which we would feel, as we described, a significant ACA impact in places like California and Nevada, which were Medicaid expansion states and California which had a robust commercial exchange program, et cetera. But what surprised us, I think, was the really strong performance in Texas that I think for the most part is not ACA related. And even the really strong performance in California that is beyond the ACA impact. So that's the sort of geographic trends or differences that I would point out. But I will say that, for the most part, the trends that we describe are trends that we are really seeing across all of our markets and my sense is obviously, given the couple of other acute care companies that have reported so far this quarter, at least give an indication of where they are going to report, those trends seem to be fairly widespread.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay, and then just one quick follow-up. Are you still excluding the California provider tax from the guidance ? I will leave it at that. Thanks.
Steve Filton: And the answer is yes, we are still excluding the California provider tax.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ralph Giacobbe.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Good morning. Steve, I was hoping you can maybe just talk about the progression through the quarter. Was it sort of evenly spread? Did it improve month-to-month? And I know it's only few weeks in, but any initial views on July trends?
Steve Filton: So I think as some of the sell side surveys have indicated, I think the quarterly, both payor mix and volumes tended to improve as the quarter progressed. I think it's difficult to really give much of an indication of any early signs of the third quarter only because so much of this improvement is really payor mix based and that's much harder for us to measure on an interim basis before the month closes. So I don't think there is really anything we can say that's terribly meaningful about the about the third quarter just yet.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough. And if I could sneak one more in. Are you guys seeing any greater mix of out-of-network revenue coming in? Is that helped at all? And within your markets, maybe just remind us of what your position of being in versus being out? Thanks.
Steve Filton: I think in the vast majority of our markets, we are in almost all the networks, except for some sort of long-standing historical exclusions. I don't think that there has been any developments in recent, you know, in the last year or two where we have really been excluded from a noteworthy contract. And again, occasionally, you will see a significant amount of out-of-network activity or sort of outlier activity but I would say, in general, that's not something that has really come to our attention in this year, at least.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Zimmerman.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thanks and good morning. I appreciate the color on surgical trends, but I was hoping you could also give us an idea of what acuity looked like in the quarter? And then maybe some of your other service lines in terms of like ER visits in particular?
Steve Filton: I think, Brian, the revenue strength, meaning that revenue per admission number, which quite frankly, I didn't go back and try and find the last time we were that high but I know it's certainly been multiple years. But I think that's reflective of obviously the improved payor mix that we have been talking about, but also increased acuity. I think the increased acuity occurs for a couple of reasons. I mean, one, it's a function of the improving surgical volumes that we have talked about already. Two is this whole, what I call the two midnight phenomenon that as payors, most notably Medicare, but other payors drive out the shortest length of stay and by definition therefore I think the least acute patients, the inpatient component that you re left with tends to be a more acute mix of patients, et cetera. So I think that also drives the acuity up, but in general I think acuity has been strong this year and we would expected it to remain so.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs: And on the ER visits?
Steve Filton: The ER visits have been up, I think, 5% or 6% for the year, although again going back to sort of what I call the two midnight phenomenon, the conversion of those to actual inpatient admissions is going at a lower rate than has been the historical case, I think because of the emphasis on making sure that patients meet admitting criteria that will pass muster with Medicare and other payors.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs: All right, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gary Lieberman.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just a follow-up on last point. Steve, do you happen to have the statistic for the percentage of admissions that came in through the ER and how that would compare year-over-year?
Steve Filton: I don't have it in front of me, Gary. I will tell you that historically, we run in the mid-to upper teens, those 16%, 70%. But I know that again over the last two or three quarters that percentage has declined some, although again I do not have the data right in front of me.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, and then could you comment on any impact if at all that you are seeing that you are aware of in South Texas from some of the immigration issues that have been in the news?
Steve Filton: Yes, I think we have seen very little. As I watch the news along with everybody else, I think that these folks, particularly the children who were coming across the border are generally being treated in these separate facilities. I have not really heard other than some of the anecdotal story here or there that we are really seeing any of those patients.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, and then maybe just to wrap up, on the behavioral side, are you still on track to add, I think you said it was 600 beds, for the year or are you considering changing that based on some of the volumes that you are seeing there?
Steve Filton: No, I think that those bed additions that we have undertaken are generally decided upon based on a fairly long-term view and I don't think our long-term view of this business or the demand has really changed. So we are sticking with our expansion program, not only for this year, quite frankly, but I think we hope to continue the bed expansions at about that same annual rate for at least 2015 and hopefully into 2016 as well.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Whit Mayo.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Hi, thanks. Steve, you have excluded HITECH income and the cost from your guidance for some time now and clearly that's had the impact of understating your earnings in prior quarters. But how do you think about that over the long-term and presumably the cost will continue into perpetuity and the reimbursement doesn't? So I am just kind of curious on your thoughts there.
Steve Filton: Well, I think our rationale for excluding them was just the opposite, that the actual implementation of the electronic health record and those are really the cost that we have excluded, really doesn't continue into perpetuity. That was a finite sort of process that began in 2009 or so and will continue for four or five years. I think from a cash perspective, we will largely be through a lot of that impact at the end of 2014, certainly from a cost perspective. And I think again, our rationale for excluding both the HITECH revenue and those cost was, they weren't being recorded on a very ratable basis in many cases and therefore in our minds were a distorting the current earnings power of the company. So again, as you know, we have been very transparent about what those numbers are. We have tended to exclude them from our ongoing earnings in that supplemental schedule we do but the cost are out there so that any analysts can treat them exactly the way they want.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: That's fair. I was just curious. And maybe just on cost for a second, is anything new on either side of the business? I think you and others within the sector have really worked down your cost structure for years now and that presumably helps on any new incremental dollar revenue that flows through, but anything new or worse on supplies, registry cost, anything that we should be aware of? Thanks.
Steve Filton: I don't think so. Look, I think what you have actually described it pretty accurately. I think UHS and the industry in general really tightened their belt as the recession began several years ago and I am not sure we or they have loosened that at all or much at all. And I will say that because so much of this revenue strength is coming from improved payor mix, there is not necessarily cost that are directly associated with improved payor mix and that's why I think you are seeing such a powerful leverage mechanic on that acute care margin line. To the degree that we are seeing volumes pick up as we did in Q2, obviously there is some increase in costs associated with that and obviously also to the degree that we are seeing surgical volumes pick up, I think our supply expense does tickup commensurate with that. But other than that I don't think we really feel like there is any significant pressure points on cost at the moment.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). This question is from the line of Gary Taylor.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Hi, good morning. Actually I just had one clarification and one question. So it feels like I can get away with that. Steve, you might have said that, I stepped out just a second, but on the Medicaid supplemental payments and the portion those that are out of period, are those included in the same-store metrics that you report or excluded?
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think you know it's only the in-period revenues that are included in the same-store metrics.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: So it's all been scrubbed already for that.
Steve Filton: Right.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay, perfect, and then my question. it is kind of interesting, obviously really strong fundamental performances has overshadowed everything else but just a few days ago the biggest thing going on in the space was some of the legal decisions coming out of the court cases and consuming a lot of people's thoughts and you guys are fairly well-positioned in Nevada, California. My question would be, and maybe Alan might want to weigh in on this as well. You do have significant exposure to Texas. There is some ACA benefit there presumably with 700,000 or 800,000 exchange enrollees in that state. I guess the question is, any sense out of the hospital association or yourselves, the willingness of the state of Texas to actually establish their own exchange if it ever actually got to that after some additional legal decisions? Or it still look like, your still best guess would be that Texas would be a standout and probably wouldn't want to move along those lines? Interested in your comments. Thanks.
Alan Miller: We haven't heard anything with regard to Texas changing its position at the moment. I think the Governor is positioning himself to run for President with the border business and his position. So we will say. But I think that is a plus what we have been able to accomplish without Texas and exchanges. I think that's a plus. I would expect at some point that this whole thing will be resolved and it will be favorable to us.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Are there any closing remarks?
Alan Miller: A.J., still with us?
Steve Filton: Well, he can't answer.
Alan Miller: He can't answer.
Operator: (Operator Instructions).
Steve Filton: It's okay. Thank you. We just want to thank everybody for their time.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You can how disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Steve Filton - CFO  Alan Miller - CEO
Analysts:  Justin Lake - JPMorgan Whit Mayo - Robert Baird Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Collin Lang - FBR Jason Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets Josh Raskin - Barclays Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse A.J. Rice - UBS Gary Taylor - Citi John Ransom - Raymond James Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Anthony He - RBC Capital Market Chris Rigg - Susquehanna  
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Universal Health Services First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Steve Filton, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Filton: Thank you. Good morning. This is Steve Filton. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2014. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risk and uncertainties inherent in these forward looking statement I recommend the careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $1.38 for the quarter. After adjusting each quarters reported results for the items disclosed on the supplemental schedule included with last night’s earnings release, adjusted net income attributable to UHS increased 11% to $1.36 per diluted share during the first quarter of 2014 as compared to $1.22 per diluted share during the first quarter of last year. On a same facility basis in our acute care division revenues increased 5.8% during the first quarter of 2014. The increase resulted primarily from a 6.3% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. The revenue increase was due in part to strengthening surgical volumes, additionally payer mix improved in the quarter with less uninsured patients and more Medicaid and commercial insurance patients. On a same facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals increased to 19.8% during the first quarter of 2014, up 16% during the first quarter of 2013. On a same facility basis revenues in our behavioral health division increased 3.7% during the first quarter of 2014. Adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 2.3% and adjusted patient days were relatively flat during the quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 2.1% during the first quarter of 2014 over the comparable prior year quarter. On a same facility basis, operating margins for our behavioral health division decreased to 27.9% during the quarter ended March 31, 2014 as compared to 28.5% during the comparable prior year quarter. The decline is largely attributable to continued length of stay pressures and a reduction in the number of military patients. Our cash provided by operating activities increased 9% to approximately $195 million during the first quarter of 2014 as compared to $178 million in the first quarter of 2013. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased slightly to 57 days during the first quarter of 2014 from 56 days during the comparable 2013 quarter. Our ratio of debt to total capitalization decreased to 48.6% at March 31, 2014 as compared to 56.4% at March 31, 2013. We spent $92 million on capital expenditures during the first quarter of 2014. We’re pleased to answer your questions at this time. And in the interest of fairness I ask that everybody limit themselves to one question.
Operator: Your first question comes from Justin Lake from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Good morning. My question is on reform obviously your great payer mix in the quarter can you give us a little more color on what you saw in terms of the benefit to reform maybe in state that expanded versus that expand commercial mix et cetera? Thank you.
Steve Filton: Sure. So I think that I sided in my prepared remarks I think factors that really contributed to the strength in acute care revenues one is the increased surgical volume and I don’t think that’s necessarily reform related it’s probably more related to the improving economy and hospitals gaining traction in that regard. As far as the payer mix goes as I suggested in my opening remarks we saw slight reduction maybe a 2% or 3% reduction in our uninsured volumes in the quarter and an increase of a comparable maybe slightly lower amount in our Medicaid admissions our Medicaid volumes and maybe a slightly larger increase in our commercial insurance volumes. We saw those trends probably more pronounced in the states that have opted into Medicaid expansion which in our case from an acute care perspective are California and Nevada and Washington DC. We saw in a state like Nevada more definitely more than impact from the Medicaid expansion the State of Nevada has been pretty open about the fact that they’ve had a very robust expansion process, California which just had a more robust commercial exchange expansion process we definitely saw the impacts of that and saw more release would cover California in that location. The difficulty is it’s difficult particularly on based on one quarter’s worth of data to take our payer mix changes and isolate them and identify them as specifically related to reforms. So we saw improved payer mix quite frankly in states that are not participating in Medicaid expansion. We saw some payer mix changes that we believe are unrelated to payer mix; they’re more related to the recruitment of new physicians or opening of new service lines or a contract in the market that has gone to a narrower network that we’re benefitting from. So all those kinds of things also at play and it’s difficult for us to isolate any one change. We certainly feel like there was a benefit from reform in the quarter but difficult to quantify with precision.
Operator: Your next question comes from Whit Mayo from Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Whit Mayo - Robert Baird:  I guess just to clarify on the 2% to 3% decline in you paid volumes. Steve are you saying that in terms -- that’s in terms of a percentage of your total volumes? Are you saying that on an absolute basis yourself pay volumes declined 2% to 3%.
Steve Filton: So I think it’s the ladder, so our self pay volumes declined and in this case I am using patient days as a volume measure we saw a bit of a spike in our self pay length to stay in the quarter. So our mission is actually and self pay mission has actually declined a little bit more and I am not quite sure how you can really explain what would drive the increase in the length to stay in a particular quarter. But the 2% to 3% decline is a decline in our self pay patient days on an absolute basis.
Whit Mayo - Robert Baird: Got it. And how do you classify your Medicaid pending? Does that fall under Medicaid or does it fall under you pay receivables?
Steve Filton: Medicaid pending we categorize as Medicaid and not surprisingly given the expansion activity in the quarter we definitely saw spike in Medicaid pending and that was included in the 1% or 2% increase in Medicaid overall. So we included counts in Medicaid pending but we reserved for those or we only account for the revenue on our historical portion that we are able to successfully qualify from Medicaid.
Whit Mayo - Robert Baird: Got it. And I guess to make a note around that the state processes, I guess adjudicating those plans. Have there been any issues that you think could have a potential future impact?
Steve Filton: No, I think the only thing I would say is that some states I think Nevada notably I think because of the flood of new Medicaid applications have been measurably behind in processing application and processing payments. I don’t think the state believes and what we believe that will ultimately impact in the long-term, anything it won’t impact cash it won’t impact our ability to take those patients et cetera. But I think there is some administrative backlog there.
Whit Mayo - Robert Baird: Got it. And my last one just on kind of the uncompensated bad debt trends. There is some confusion of what the right readers your compensating care as a percentage of growth was down slightly, bad debt down meaningfully, the bad debt plus charity up a little. So I guess can you just spend maybe a minute flushing out some of those moving pieces and what the right read is from your perspective?
Steve Filton: Sure, so as I think we always do, I think we encouraged people to look at the uncompensated care expense in total that is the cumulative total of bad debt charity care and uninsured discount. And as we disclosed in our press release as a percentage of gross revenue that is down slightly in the quarter that trend is clearly over the last several years been an upward and a fairly measureable upward trends and the fact that it is slightly down I think I Q1 is the meaningful take away in the quarter. As you suggest there is a pretty big shift between that debt and charity and our insurance for the quarter is always I think that as far less meaningful. Our hospitals are sort of frequently changing their policies to sort of fit their local needs in terms of how much of uninsured discount they give. In this particular case in the first quarter we increased our uninsured discounts at most of our hospitals and that resulted in just more dollar shifting out of bad debt and into uninsured discount but again I would suggest to people that the real meaningful movement is the total.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darren Lehrich from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: I wanted to ask about the behavioral margins, Steve you mentioned a couple of things. We continue to see the length of state pressure, so I can understand that. You mentioned a reduction in military patients; I’d be curious just to get a little bit more commentary on what you think is driving the margins and if you can maybe also comment as to whether there was any weather impact at all in the behavioral business or anything else. So we ought to be thinking about from a margin standpoint as we listed the rest of the year. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Sure. So I appreciate, actually you’re mentioning the weather down, I should have mentioned it myself. We didn’t really had any weather impact for the most part in our acute care hospitals because of our geography is we tend to be in market, other than Washington D.C. that really don’t experience much severe winter weather. But behavioral geographic footprint is different, we’re in the upper mid west, we’re in the North East and even in places in the South and places like Atlanta we clearly experience some bad weather in the quarter, probably resulted in a couple of million dollars lower earnings in the quarter, which I think as the years goes on, we should ultimately recover from. As you suggest the length of stay issue has been, one that has -- it's been a continuing one, pretty much uninterrupted for the last few years. We’ve seen so a little bit of improvement in Q4, maybe little bit of stabilization. But that, the trend seems to -- and as we discussed we have largely assumed that that trend would continue in our guidance for 2014. And then lastly, we reference as we did in our year-end call. Some amount of reduction in the business from, as the military -- and even though that’s a relatively small part of our overall business probably less than 10% in all division. If we seen a immeasurable decline it is fairly profitable business, that’s just a function I believe, the federal budgetary pressures obviously in the last year, we’ve had sequestration, we have the government shut down, I think military basis have felt that pinch unlike other insures and other employers if you will, they’ve look for a way to put their employees their soldiers in the lowest cost setting that they can. I think that means trying to keep them out of hospitals or at least trying to keep them on the base hospitals. I think that’s a delicate balance these are flocks that are often, as we all know from just reading the newspaper in need of fairly significant care and I think even there are some early signs in Q2 that pendulum maybe swinging the other way. If not improving that trend at least stabilizing it, so we’ll continue to track that.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. That’s great. If I could, just want to follow-up on one team with Alan. As I relates to PIW Alan, you reference GW in the release, I’m just hoping you can help us think about, how are seeing that hospital setting and whether it will be fairly rated with GW and looks like there are prestigious hospital, so can you just comment on few there? Thanks.
Steve Filton: We are excited about it. And it’s been a very fine hospital for a number of years and they were independent. And now they selected us and we closed yesterday and they will be working closely with GW. Interestingly, the Medical Director of GW is a physiatrist, which is unusual, a very fine guy and knows the hospital well. And we are very excited about, that we’re working together.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Steve Filton: Just as a quick note and to add onto that, GW has always had, has had for some time that we use in patient physiatrist unit. So obviously, adding behavioral debt into the market is complementary to a service they already had, so my plan would be to try and make sure that the hospitals are synergistic with each other in terms of a service.
Operator: Your next question comes from Collin Lang from FBR. Your line is open.
Collin Lang - FBR: Hi, good morning. Steve just on the future side given a very strong performance we saw this quarter. Are there any changes to your underlying assumptions or revenue in EBITDA growth as a balance of the year or is it too early to call the positive trends that we saw in Q1, two trend?
Steve Filton: It’s a very good question Collin, and wondered we struggled with in preparation for the release in the call. I think it’s always tough to make a call on long term trend based on one quarter’s results, most flocks remember 2012 in the -- first quarter 2012 we reported really kind of a banged up first quarter with very strong payer mix and you had a hard time quite frankly explaining at the time and even in with respect cut out time explaining it. And as the year went on the payer mix had moderated and we kind of return to more normalize results. Obviously the big difference in 2014 as we have the presence of the affordable care act as I mentioned earlier though however it’s been difficult that sort of tease out the precise impact of that. So the bottom line to answer your question is, we’re not prepared to really change any of our forecast, change in any of our trends, we’re certainly not prepared to change our overall guidance for the year. But we’ve been pleased with the strength of our acute care revenues in Q1. And we’ll certainly continue to track and try it as fast as we can pass out what the drivers of that improvement is and we obviously we can sustain it as the year goes on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Gurda from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jason Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning. Thanks. Steve how long does it take to get a Medicaid get approval on patient on Medicaid is going to get paid for?
Steve Filton: I think in the normal course Jason that’s probably one or two months of us and as I said in a couple of states it’s probably going to extend it for the moment.
Jason Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then so you’re using a sort of Medicaid conversion rate in order to estimate sort of what happened in March.
Steve Filton: Correct. And that’s something we’ve always done. So for each hospital we track our historical experience or our historical success rate in converting Medicaid pending patients to Medicaid and that’s what we use to book our contractual. So if we have a historical two thirds conversion rate then for two thirds of the patients in Medicaid pending we assume we’re going to pay the Medicaid rate and for the remaining one third we assume we’re not going to get paid anything. And we changed those assumptions as our actual experience changes.
Jason Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then lastly you have the potential for new behavioral role coming out shortly, and expectations or new expectations on that?
Steve Filton: Our expectation is that there will not be any major surprises in the new behavioral rule I think it’s entirely possible now that the industry is six years into the full implementation of the perspective payments system that there will be tweaks to the rule and changes in how core morbidities and that sort of thing are treated. But I think that our expectation is that our base rate will not be materially impacted by any of those changes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Raskin from Barclays. Your line is open.
Josh Raskin - Barclays: Thanks. Steve just following up on sort of the Medicaid process I’m curious what percentage of your sort of uninsured volumes those that show up at your hospital as uninsured. What percentage of those did you assume in the first quarter were now Medicaid eligible and how did that change relative to 2013?
Steve Filton: I’m not exactly sure on answering your question but I’ll do my best. I think as we talked about in our year end call and as we thought about guidance that our assumptions for 2014 were that something like 7% or 8% of our uninsured volumes would be uninsured and then we made further assumptions about I think the most of those would become insured through Medicaid and others through lesser number through commercial exchanges and I think we ramp that a bit as the year went on. But I am not sure I have that the exact assumptions for Q1 or just in front of me.
Josh Raskin - Barclays: So I guess what I’m getting at Steve is that it sounds like your process is still conservative in the sense that you’re not assuming any change in the conversion rate the number of people that you think are Medicaid eligible that actually get signed up. But I am just curious are you assuming is there a risk that you’re assuming more of these people Medicaid eligible and therefore may be even that conversion rate might even go down in the future because it turns out that you were being more you were assuming that more people would be eligible for Medicaid now. Is that possible?
Steve Filton: So I think that your point and I have this question from others which I think is really premised on the idea that present of eligibility is likely to change sort of the conversation rate I am not sure we’re convinced with that. But if you’re convinced of that that presented eligibility will mean a much greater percentage of patients who quality from Medicaid then I think you could argue that we’re being conservative using our historical percentages. I do think there is a little bit of offset to that in that as where accounting for our commercial exchange patients we obviously don’t have any experience yet as to this whole idea of how many of them have actually paid premiums et cetera. So if somebody presents an insurance card to us we’re able to verify that insurance. There may be a payment risk there that we’re not accounting for as well. So I think in our own minds those two risks to some degree offset each other.
Josh Raskin - Barclays: Got you, that was actually my next question and my second question was just on the exchanges. What happens when someone doesn’t pay their premium they get the card they show up at your hospital they receive service the health plan may even pay that. But what happens in a situation where the health plan hasn’t paid that claim yet and it turns out that that individual actually never paid their premium who is on the hook there?
Steve Filton: Yes, and so this is one of those questions that I think we are so early in the process does not to really have any experience to be able to answer but my gut is that either the insurance company will not pay the claim until the premium is paid or if they have paid they will make an effort to recoup that payment.
Josh Raskin - Barclays: Right, so on your exchange base numbers that have been showing up with exchange insurance. Are you booking 100% of those revenues?
Steve Filton: Yes.
Josh Raskin - Barclays: You are, okay.
Steve Filton: I mean, and the reason for that for the most part is we really don’t have access to that payment information. So again when we verify the insurance I think the insurance company is verifying that there is insurance they’re not giving us payment information. Sometime in the future we may do this much like we do Medicaid pending and if there is sort of a historical percentage of people who ultimately really don’t qualify we may alter our procedures to try and take that into account. But at the moment it’s been too early for us to do that.
Josh Raskin - Barclays: Yeah the market assumption sounds like 15% or so who are not paying their premiums, so I didn’t know if you were just sort of thinking, let’s take a haircut.
Steve Filton: The part of that is because I think as the first part of your question I think we solved it on the Medicaid pending side we might have some cushions to offset there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Just a question for you around those exchange assumptions. I think you kind if said 7% or 9% reduction on sort, I think that the enrollment numbers seem to have all come in above everyone’s expectations. I guess two questions then. First is, how do you think about that range? You feel better at the high end of the range because of all this or the leasing not to kind of move up here and form assumptions. And secondly I think we can see in payer mix and pricing and acute care margins, some benefits reform how much I guess is unclear. But it’s not as clear what happens on the side, you kind of had some benefit built in at the high end of your range from maybe slight season benefit. Is there any indications in that side of the business we’re seeing something? Just wanted your perspective on this too.
Steve Filton: Sure, so as far as the exchanges assumptions go Kevin just to be clear we talk about the experience being better than what most people assume. To be fair about it I mean we gave our guidance two months ago. We were using pretty recent data when we made those assumptions and put our guidance. So I think we were using I forget the exact number, but something close to the 8 million newly insured numbers that the government has been working with. So I think our assumptions were relatively up to date when we made them two months ago and therefore I don’t think they’re terribly out of date in that regard today. And like I said I think that we will feel much more comfortable certainly a quarter or two down the road another quarter or two down the road before we start to modify those assumptions one way or the other just given a lot of the uncertainty if it still exists. On the behavioral side as our guidance sort of implied, I think that at the low end of the guidance there was sort of a presumption that there would be no impact from the ACA on behavior. And that was really premised on the idea that from a Medicaid perspective and the idea that most of the benefit or most of the impact in 2014 would be for Medicaid that the behavioral hospitals would not enjoy that benefit because of the IMD exclusion. And then I think the further assumption was that for some of the commercial exchange products the nature of sort of the high deductible benefit design in those products would limit the benefit that we might get on the behavioral side as well. So that’s why we saw or we presume that there would be no benefit to the behavioral hospitals in the low end of our guidance. And in the first quarter I would say that we really didn’t see any impact. Now again if you assume that one of the challenges is the high deductable nature of the plan in theory that might ease some as the year goes on and those deductibles get exhausted but we’ll see. But I think the bottom line was we would say that there was no visible impact from reform on behavioral in Q1.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That’s interesting I guess. You should have told me that you were expecting 8 million people back in February, at the time it was 4 million and it’s really looking 5.5 to 6 and their estimate down to 6. So I am surprised that we thought it was going to be as high as it was.
Steve Filton: Kevin as we used, all we did to do our assumptions was we used the data that HHS had published and I thought it already by February had reflected 7 million people. But whatever reflected is what we use.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse:  Steve just struggling little bit still to understand why the charity would go up so much? I think the last several quarters we’ve seen bad debt actually pop in one of the sort of rationale around that was that you guys went to operators and sort of had them maybe more aggressively but maybe go after payments as oppose to just sort of writing them off right up front. And now we sort of get into reform. And I would think that a lot of even that just the charity care would go away particularly in Medicaid expansion states. So am I missing anything in terms of the thought process around that?
Steve Filton: No, two things Ralph. I mean one is I think just the new ones but from a process perspective I think we’re trying to allow our hospitals to do what they think is best as oppose to the other way around. And you’re right; they have tweaked this number of times. So we have gone in the last few years, we have moved along and continuing in some quarters or in some periods increasing or making the charity care policy more liberal which I think is what we did in Q1 of this year, which just has the effect of shifting some of those unpaid dollars into charity care versus that debt and then in some cases we’ve made the charity policy more rigorous which is simply have the opposite effect which I think is what you saw in ’13 of shifting dollars into that debt. I appreciate the fact that it’s confusing but at the end of the day all you’re doing is taking uncollected dollars based on gross billings and allocating them among these three buckets. Effectively based on sort of this idea of why a patient hasn’t paid I’ve always viewed that as a fairly stimulus sort of distinction and at the end of the day I am only concerned with what we really are billing (Ph) paid which is why I think they are always focused on our actual cash revenue as opposed to the deductions from gross revenue. But I appreciate the fact that it’s confusing because the accounting powers that they still insist on showing that bad debt on the face of the income statement and nothing anybody cares what I think but the way to solve this problem is simply to take the bad debt off the face of the income statement.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: What was charge master increased to?
Steve Filton: I don’t have that in front on me Ralph but I am guessing it was probably 6% to 8%.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay, that’s helpful. And if I could just sneak one more in can you talk a little bit more about the acuity mix in the quarter the drivers of that maybe any stats around who much surgery was up and maybe the categories where you’re seeing that strength? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes so I think our inpatient surgeries were up like 1% in the quarter and our outpatient surgeries were up 5%. I think if you compare that to where we were a year ago we were down 5% for both in and outpatient so it’s a pretty significant swing don’t necessarily have the service line analysis in front of me but my recollection was that strength was kind of and across the board sort of strength across all specialties and quite frankly across most of the hospital portfolio as well so it wasn’t limited even to certain specialties or even to certain geographies.
Operator: Your next question comes from A.J. Rice from UBS. Your line is open.
A.J. Rice - UBS: Hi everybody I think I might just to ask first real quick about the capital deployment obviously you’ve done a couple one off behavioral deals lately not anything on the acute care side. Can you just comment on what you’re seeing out there, what you’re greatest positions are and so forth?
Steve Filton: I think as we’ve said before A.J. we have the sense that most hospitals for profit, not for profit really reevaluating their going forward strategies kind of taking stock et cetera and I think they’re making all kinds of decisions about how they should position themselves or could position themselves for the future. I think some of those processes are resulting in hospitals who have chosen to look for a partner or to sell out right et cetera we’ve been involved in some of those processes. And we continue to be very interested in any hospital that is looking to change their strategy in any form whether that’s looking to take on a partner or looking to sell out right et cetera and we continue to be interested in those opportunities I think a lot of those opportunities as we’ve discussed over the last few years have been focused more on the rural end of the continuum and I think that not surprisingly therefore the rural hospital companies have been more active but I think we believe that going forward the universe of the hospitals that are considering those kinds of changes is expanding to include larger hospitals in larger markets.
A.J. Rice - UBS: Okay, and maybe just follow-ups as we’re now seems to be doing one question plus a follow up specifically on Temecula Valley obviously that opened in the fourth quarter. Is that still a drag for you in the first quarter or is it breakeven it’s a contributing and second can you just comment does that have any impact on the metrics that we should be aware of when we think about your same store volume trends for example?
Steve Filton: So clearly A.J. I would not make a good grade school teacher since no one listens to my instructions. But as far as Temecula goes Temecula is and this is that how we anticipate is still a drag in the first quarter and I think we expect that it would be dilutive in the first half of the year and then accretive in the second half. I will say that the overall California market has been fairly strong I kind of alluded to this in some earlier comments I do think they’re benefiting again from the two trends both from increased surgical trends but also from in their case improved payer mix and specifically I think improved commercial payer mix. Obviously California has probably had the most successful state exchange implementation and I think we’ve seen some benefit from that.
A.J. Rice - UBS: Do you need to [indiscernible] your admissions in non-clinical basis in this quarter?
Steve Filton: I think it’s a payer mix issue again I mean I think those exchange patients are replacing what patients who are previously uninsured?
A.J. Rice - UB: Right. No, I guess I am asking about Temecula Valley is that somehow the press that your same store…
Steve Filton: I think there is a bit of cannibalization here A.J. but again I think that’s clearly been included in our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Taylor from Citi. Your line is open.
Gary Taylor - Citi: Good morning Steve. Couple of questions on the same store I just want to go back to yourself paid decline on the patient days and you said, admissions were actually down more than 2% to 3%. Would you care to actually give us that number?
Steve Filton: Yeah so I think self pay admissions were down 7% or 8% Gary and then I think the length of stay was up sort of 5%, 6% which that makes the patient days down 2% or 3%.
Gary Taylor - Citi: So would it be fair to think about probably double-digit decline in expansion states versus probably much less in Texas?
Steve Filton:  Definitely more pronounced, that’s probably right but I don’t have the data in front of me.
Gary Taylor - Citi: Last question, on behavioral you called out -- you said 2 million to 3 million I guess EBITDA of EBIT you were talking about impact from the weather potentially. Does that imply roughly like 1% top line or 1% adjusted patient day impact am I kind of in the ballpark of what you’re thinking?
Steve Filton: So you have obviously done the math, I am trying to do it in my head. I think that’s right, that sounds right.
Gary Taylor - Citi: I was just thinking what kind of, your average margin on there and take it up to the revenue line and divide it. So that’s what it comes out to around 1%, so there weren’t any other assumptions about significantly different operating leverage or anything as you guys came up with that, doesn’t sound like?
Steve Filton: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Ransom from Raymond James. Your line is open.
John Ransom - Raymond James:  I just wanted to try to recap to make sure I’ve got it. Are you saying essentially that it was almost a one-for-one swap lower, fewer on ensured days and increased Medicaid? So in other words very little impact from the exchanges so far?
Steve Filton: Well and I think that’s part of the challenge John is that we saw an increase in commercial lives which I did say earlier in the call. It’s not clear to us in every case what that’s attributable to. So in a place like California it’s sort of easier to see where that’s attributable to the exchange process in California. But we saw some payer mix improvement in Texas which by the way I meant. So we’re just making the assumption that obviously there is nothing or little to do with the exchange impact, especially in the markets that we’re in, because we just don’t sense that there is not a lot of exchange activity. So we think in those cases it’s recruiting newly recruiting physicians or new contracts that we have or other dynamics. But again this is the sort of ongoing challenge I have mentioned a few times in the quarter I think it’s difficult to take everyone of these metrics on payer mix and attribute a very specific part to reform to the economy and then other dynamics to play.
John Ransom - Raymond James: If a patient comes in with an exchange plan, do you even know that it is an exchange or it’s just another commercial plan to you?
Steve Filton: Again I think that in some cases the answer is yes, but I think it’s a little too early in the process for us to know with great confidence how accurate we’re about that. I think as time goes on I do believe we will get better data.
Operator:   (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from Paula Torch from Avondale Partners. Your line is open.
Paula Torch - Avondale Partners: Was curious what are the learnings as you have increased physician employment in acquisitions. Are they generating the returns you have hoped for? How should we think about the growth there and maybe what types of physicians would you prefer to employ versus outsource and maybe you could give us some of the percentages outsource versus employee.
Steve Filton: Generally I think when you’re talking about outsourced physicians, I think you’re talking about hospital base physicians, ER doctors, radiologists, pathologists et cetera. I don’t have the exact percentage I mean the vast majority of our ER physicians are outsourced as far as our other house based physicians. It’s really a market by market decision. As far as your actual admitting physicians, as we’ve discussed in our calls I mean it varies by market how many of those and what percentage of those are employed? We employ both primary care physicians and specialists. Although I think our emphasis tends to be on primary care physicians. And in terms of lessons learned, I mean I think all hospitals would generally have the same observations. We like to or the advantage of implying physicians is to integrate them into the hospital and to hopefully have them associated more exclusively with your facility and the challenge is that once physicians are on a salary as oppose to working on their own. The historical I think tendency has been for them to lose some of the incentives and to be less productive. And I think that’s the delicate balance that all hospitals try and work through as they employ physicians.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Lieberman from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo:  I guess the comments regarding the impact of reform versus the economy. When you think about the impact of the economy, what or maybe some metrics or some of the things you have seen in your market would leave you to believe that there is more or some impact from the economy?
Steve Filton: Well, I think the main Gary, as I said at the outset and we talked about couple of time. The increase surgical volume, to me that -- if it’s related to either the ACA or the economy, which seem to be much more logically related to ACA since highly possible it’s related, excuse me to the economy. It’s entirely cost was related to other things as well, again recruiting a new positions, new contracts et cetera, but I don’t know that anybody was really predicting that the ACA will drive more surgical volumes. So to add to that, the best example I can give, the acute care revenue strengthens the quarter that I think clearly didn’t have much to do with that. The other piece is, as a result of more people going back to work but just saying in the market like Las Vegas, I think that we would expect to improve payer mix just from that trend from lower unemployment more people going back to work and getting insurance from their employer. And again in those cases it’s been difficult for us to tease out whose got insurance as a result going back to work and who’s got insurance as a result of a commercial exchange probably.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: And then maybe you should follow-up on that, as you look out towards your 2015 negotiations or manage to your contracts are you seeing any impact from the exchanges in terms of mange share looking for more now and that works or anything like that?
Steve Filton: I think it’s still pretty early when you talk about negotiating 2015 our benefit plan design and rates, et cetera. So I would say the answer to your question is now, although I think that’s an expectation that we have that as we get into the late summer and early fall and those negotiations are taking place more and earn it, that those kinds of conversations will become more frequent.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony He from RBC Capital Market. Your line is open.
Anthony He - RBC Capital Market: Thanks. Just curious to see if you have any update on the AR build up, I believe it was Illinois and Texas?
Steve Filton: So our Illinois receivables are actually down I think about $10 million in the quarter, so that’s a good development. We get a $25 million payment on our Texas UPL receivable in the quarter, although I think the receivable also have been filled up some as well. Obviously the Temecula opening and the fact, with our new payer et cetera. New debts contributed on to the receivable build up as well.
Anthony He - RBC Capital Market: Okay. And then any update on the, the plan psych bed expansions for the year?
Steve Filton: No. I mean again, I think we talked in the call, in the UN call and you know gave a psych bed target for the year which was in the 600 range. And I think we believe we’re still tracking to that number.
Anthony He - RBC Capital Market: Can you give a number that you made there in the first quarter or is it…
Steve Filton: We do not have first quarter number in front of me, Anton.
Operator: Your next question Chris Rigg from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just the clarification, so what, it assumed in the guidance for the year and you’re dropping in sort of mission versus the 2% to 3% you saw in the first quarter. You’re assuming 79% drop?
Steve Filton: That was what was in our guidance.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna: Okay. The first quarter was -- obviously very strong and you barely saw any benefit relative to what’s you’re looking for the year, correct.
Steve Filton: And mostly because of the increase in line to stay in our uninsured volumes, Chris, and the answer to your question earlier, I think with actual drop in uninsured mission was pretty close to what we have guided to.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna: Okay. Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: I have no further question. Thank you. I turn the call back over to presenters for closing remarks.
Steve Filton: We would like to thank everybody for their time. And look forward to speaking with them next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you everyone. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Filton – SVP, CFO Alan Miller - Chairman, CEO
Analysts: Justin Lake - JPMorgan Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Josh Raskin - Barclays Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Tom Gallucci - FBR A.J. Rice - UBS Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank John Ransom - Raymond James Gary Taylor - Citi
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brendan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Universal Health Services Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Steve Filton, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Filton: Thank you. Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the full year and fourth quarter ended December 31, 2013. During the conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $5.14 for the year and $1.24 for the quarter. After adjusting for reduction in malpractice reserves relating to prior years, and the incentive income and expenses associated with the implementation of electronic health record applications in our acute care hospitals, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share for the quarter ended December 31, 2013 was $1.03. On a same facility basis, revenues in our behavioral health division increased 4% during the fourth quarter of 2013. Adjusted admissions and patient days to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 2.4% and 0.8% respectively during the fourth quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 3.2% during the fourth quarter of 2013 over the comparable prior year quarter. We define operating margins as operating income or net revenue less salaries, wages and benefits other operating expenses and supplies expense divided by net revenues. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year increased slightly to 27.9% during the quarter ended December 31, 2013 as compared to 27.8% during the comparable prior year period. On a same facility basis in our acute care division, revenues increased 1.1% during the fourth quarter of 2013. Adjusted admissions were unchanged, while revenue per adjusted admission increased 2.1%. On a same facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals were 14.1% during the fourth quarter of 2013, and 14.4% during the fourth quarter of 2012. Although not included in our same facility basis results, our consolidated operating results during the fourth quarter of 2013 included the operating losses related to Temecula Valley Hospital, a newly constructed acute care hospital located in California that opened in October of 2013. Our acute care hospitals provided charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates amounting to $234 million and $206 million during the three month period ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 respectively. As a percentage of acute care net revenues bad debts, charity care expense and the uninsured discount in this year's fourth quarter were at levels higher than those experienced during the fourth quarter of 2012. However, due primarily to the increase in behavioral health revenues in the very low levels of bad debt and uninsured discounts in that business, our overall percentage of bad debt to charity care and uninsured discounts were lower than those experienced during the fourth quarter of 2012. Our cash generated from operating activities was approximately $293 million during the fourth quarter of 2013 as compared to $264 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Our accounts receivable days outstanding remained unchanged at 56 days during each of the 12-month period of 2013 and 2012. Our accounts receivable as of December 31st of each year includes substantial Medicaid receivables due from the state of Illinois and our accounts receivable as of year end 2013 also includes substantial Medicaid receivables due from the state of Texas. At December 31, 2013, our ratio of debt to total capitalization was 51%. During 2013, we opened a total of 327 new behavioral health beds including 168 beds opened at two de novo hospitals and 159 beds opened at some of our busiest facilities. Our acquisition pipeline is very busy in the behavioral division, in fact we have entered into an agreement to purchase the 48-bed Palo Verde Behavioral Health services facility in Tucson, Arizona and it's our current expectation that this acquisition will close in the very near future. We have also entered into an agreement to purchase another behavioral health facility that is pending regulatory approval. In addition, our goal is to add approximately 600 new bed including two de novo hospitals and convert approximately 100 beds from residential treatment care to acute behavioral care in 2014. We spent $79 million on capital expenditures during the fourth quarter of 2013 and $358 million during the full year of 2013. During 2014, we expect to spend approximately $360 million to $385 million on capital expenditures which includes expenditures for capital equipment, renovations, new projects at existing hospitals and construction of new facilities. Excluding the unfavorable $0.05 per diluted share, electronics health record impact described in our press release, our estimated range of earnings per diluted share attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2014 is $4.80 to $5.10. This guidance range represents an increase of approximately 6% to 12% over the adjusted net income attributable to UHS of $4.55 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2013 as calculated on the attached supplemental schedule. This range includes an estimated increase of approximately 3% to 7% approximately $0.15 to $0.30 per diluted share related to the patient protection and Affordable Care Act, the lower end of the estimated Affordable Care Act impact range consist of the estimated favorable impact to only our acute care hospitals during 2014. The upper end of the ACA impact range provides for a slightly increased estimated favorable impact to our acute care hospitals as well as an estimate for the potential favorable impact to our behavioral health care facilities. The guidance range also provides for an aggregate pre-tax unfavorable impact of approximately $34 million or about $0.21 per diluted share resulting from anticipated reductions in 2014 as compared to 2013 in supplemental revenues earned from various state based programs. Approximately $10 million of that reduction relates to California Medicaid supplemental payment programs, which although approved by California in October of 2013 to continue through 2016 are still pending subject to approval by the centers for Medicare and Medicaid services. During 2014, our net revenues are expected to be approximately $7.89 billion to $7.94 billion representing an increase of approximately 8% to 9% over our 2013 net revenues. Included in our estimated 2014 net revenues are revenues associated with the above mentioned behavioral acquisitions and de novo projects as well as full year revenues for the recently opened Temecula Valley Hospital. Alan and I would be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Justin Lake with JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Thanks. Good morning. First question, can you talk a little bit about the core EBITDA growth that you see in both businesses and some of the assumptions around that?
Steve Filton: Sure. So I think that from an acute care perspective the basic assumptions are an expectation that acute care same-store revenue growth in the kind of 3% to 4% range with result in EBITDA that is sort of flat to slightly up. And then, we get a bump from the turnaround in Temecula EBITDA or as I will sort of call it the Temecula market EBITDA, we had $15 million or $16 million drag this year. And we believe we will get something close to breakeven in 2014. So that's a significant EBITDA turnaround, although its largely offset at the pre-tax line by increased depreciation and interest expense associated with that project. On the behavioral side, I think that we continue to expect that the revenues of that business to grow and that kind of 4%, 4.5% range, which should result in EBITDA growth in the mid-single digits fairly consistent with what we have been running in that division. And obviously, again, in both divisions as I mentioned in my prepared remarks on top of or sort of incremental to those assumptions we then have to factor in the drag of the $34 million reduced UPL/DSH and provider tax payments, which I think are split relatively evenly between the two divisions.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Got it. And specifically on Las Vegas can you spike out what you saw there in the fourth quarter, and what you are assuming for 2014?
Steve Filton: So I think as we’ve talked about in previous calls and we started to see some recovery in the Las Vegas economy both volumes and payer mix have improved in Q2 and Q3, so a little bit of a backslide in Q4. And I think as we suggested in earlier quarters we would guess that the recovery in Vegas, while over the long-term will be an upward trajectory is likely to be sort of bumpy along the way much as it was on the way down. I think that's what we are seeing. So my sense Justin in 2014 is that the metrics I gave about overall revenue and EBITDA growth in the acute division will be slightly better in the Vegas market. But, not dramatically better.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Okay. Great. Last question on your reform assumptions, can you give us an idea of what you are assuming for coverage expansion there. Maybe what you've done on the frequent flyers, any incremental utilization? And then lastly on the psych side, any benefit that you got in the high-end of that range from psych parity on the benefit side? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Thanks. I'm actually going to defer the reform question, I'm sure there will be other reform questions, just to give other people a chance to ask their questions. So operator can we take the next question.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Okay. Great. Thanks. I guess, if you can just talk a little bit more about the reform assumptions, when you think about the benefit that you put into your guidance, is it purely just a reduction in – and your market resulting in a similar reduction in volume or do you make any assumption about covering some of the sickest and frequent flyer into your market in your assumption?
Steve Filton: Sure, Kevin. So I think that as I indicated in my prepared remarks, the low end of our guidance presumes effectively an acute – an impact on the acute care business from reform but not for the behavioral. And then I think the high-end of the guidance reflects an impact on the behavioral business and obviously, the range of the continuum of the guidance shows that progressively. I think we have always suggested in our own modeling internally is that the ACA impact on the acute care business is an uninsured issue meaning that we have ignored any increased volume or increased utilization, which I know others have speculated there will be – I don't know that we would argue that there won't, but we just have not included. So what we have done from a modeling perspective, which I'm sure is not terribly different than our peers, it’s gone out, looked at the enrollment data that HHS has published state by state, in the states that we operate, made some judgments about how many of our currently uninsured will get covered, I know one of our peers cited an estimate of their 2014 model including 7% to 9% of uninsured becoming insured and we think that's a reasonably – a reasonable number and something close to what our model yielded. And then we think that such result, if you get there yields for us 4% to 5%, 3% to 4%, 5% increase in acute care EBITDA. On the behavioral side, the impact is almost exclusively on volumes if in fact there is significant commercial enrollment and newly insureds we believe there is an opportunity to see increased volume. Maybe some on the expanded Medicaid side as well. So again, the high-end of our guidance I think presumes something like maybe a 1% increase in our overall volumes as a result of the surge of newly insureds.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Okay. That's helpful. And then just to clarify couple of points in your guidance. So you are saying that your guidance for supplemental payments is $34 million that $10 million from California could be reversed to get approved by the Fed that could be $10 million incremental positive versus your guidance? And then just to confirm the deals, [a few bigger] [ph] deals are those in your guidance, or if they close, would they be upside?
Steve Filton: So the answer is, your first statement is correct, if the $10 million gets approved by CMS for California then we will obviously sort of update our guidance and include that in our results. And secondly, the acquisitions that we've referenced are included in our guidance and in our – both in our revenue and EBITDA guidance.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Okay. Is there a reason why you didn't include California because some of your peers are including California because it's approved by the state; you have undue – or not undue, but you have high concern that it may not be approved?
Steve Filton: No. I think it's just a – I mean, it's just the sense that because CMS haven't approved it, it's not an approved program yet.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Barclays. Mr. Raskin please ensure that your line is not on mute.
Josh Raskin - Barclays: Got it, sorry about that. First question just on volumes, it sounds like Vegas is sort of in line with the overall, my guess Riverside was a little bit of a drag, but I'm just curious if Riverside was a drag overall, or if it was just the existing hospitals sort of changing same-store number? And then any color on procedures or anything that you're seeing that could help give a little bit more color on the volumes in the fourth quarter?
Steve Filton: Sure. So the question that Riverside, which just for everybody's benefit is the Southern California Riverside County market including the new Temecula Hospital. So I think to your point, when you look at our same-store volumes in Q4 Josh that market is a bit of a drag because the Temecula admissions and the Temecula volumes are not included in our same-store numbers, but we've seen some cannibalization as we would have expected at our existing facility and those continue to be included in our same-store admission metrics. So a little bit I think of the Q4 acute weakness can be attributable to that cannibalization. I don't have the exact numbers in front of me in terms of the absolute overall impact. But my sense is that, if you have the Temecula numbers in there, it’s probably 40 or 50 basis points worth of admissions. And from a procedures perspective, I'll just mention I think surgical procedures, I think surgical procedures were relatively flat in total in the quarter although they were skewed more towards some growth in outpatient procedures, and somewhat of a decline in, inpatient procedures, which put a little bit of pressure from a revenue perspective lot of attention by our operating folks on – focused on driving those inpatient numbers higher.
Josh Raskin – Barclays: Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess you guys are two months in as of today in terms of 2014 and I'm just curious, you guys get admission data obviously very quickly. So was there any color on the level of uninsured that you're seeing in the first two months of 2014 versus the first two months of 2013, I mean any sort of quantitative analysis that you've been able to do to seek where we are in terms of reform with the obvious understanding that this is a full year process or multiyear process, I should say?
Steve Filton: I think that challenge Josh, when trying to look at any relatively short period and I certainly would think that this first couple of months is a short period is that there are so many variables at play that its difficult to isolate one in this case the impact of reform and really draw any terribly meaningful conclusions. Just to your point, I mean we really only have one month worth of payer and insurance data January was a pretty good month in terms of payer mix but to be fair January is usually a pretty good month in terms of payer mix. So I would really be loath to draw any great conclusions from that. On the volume side, again, difficult to do, particularly on the behavioral side and particularly this year when there just have been a lot of other exogenous factors clearly January volumes in our behavioral business were affected by the weather in a number of places. So difficult to sort of parse that dynamic out from any reform impact et cetera, so I think it's a little too early. Honestly, we may well get to the first -- the end of the first quarter and have reported results where its still going to difficult to cheese out with great precision the impact of the Affordable Care Act. Obviously, the longer we go on and the more periods we have to look at in the more data we have to look at, I think the better and the more sound the conclusions will be.
Josh Raskin – Barclays: All right. I guess, I'll try again after the first quarter.
Steve Filton: We'll be here.
Josh Raskin – Barclays: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brain Zimmerman with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Thanks and good morning. I was wondering, if you could give us a bit of an update on any initiatives you might have towards identifying targeting patients new market to increase the take up rates for the exchanges?
Steve Filton: Sure, Brian. My sense is that we're doing all the same things that both our for profit and not-for-profit peers are doing that is, we've always as the hospital industry had a very focused and directed effort to qualify any uninsured individuals, who come to our hospitals for potential insurance that they might get. Historically, that has been mostly directed to a Medicaid effort in getting people qualified for Medicaid, if they can be and that effort continues in the same way. Obviously, now with the commercial exchanges, there is another alternative potentially for people who don't have insurance and come to our hospitals. So we have Certified Application Counselors at all of our hospitals. We go through the exercise of helping anyone who doesn't have insurance familiarize themselves with their options and et cetera. We've done a significant amount of outreach that is letters and phone calls to patients who had a history of coming to our hospital frequently and we've reached out to them proactively. And the challenge, I think with all these activities is, it's difficult, again, in the broader sense to draw real meaningful conclusions from that activity. So we've signed and we know that certain people have signed up but a lot of enrollment sort of takes place if you will outside of our purview. So I think we are really relaying on outside sources either the government, mostly the government or to some degree the insurance companies to really tell us how that overall and overarching enrollment process is going.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the behavioral side, it looks like your length of stay, still saw some pressure but did improve from third quarter to fourth quarter. Can you just give us an update on your thoughts on how you are viewing might say at the behavioral business?
Steve Filton: Brian I think that your observations are right on. I think we saw a little bit of easing of that pressure in Q4. The challenge to say whether that's really the beginning of a turn or the beginning of an absolute leveling out is tough to do and I'm especially reluctant to do it because I predicted that turn prematurely a couple of times in over the last few years. So I think we're going to wait and see I think, or when I laid out the behavioral expectations, or metrics for 2014, they include quite frankly a continued at least incremental decline in length or space. So we're prepared for that although hope that we don't necessarily experience it.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Steve Filton: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci with FBR.
Tom Gallucci - FBR: Good morning. Thank you. I guess two quick one Steve, first, just on the acquisition side, I think you mentioned some of the activity on the behavioral side. Just curious your thoughts on the landscape on the acute care side?
Steve Filton: We've talked I think a lot over the course of the last few quarters and even last year or two about the idea that we think that there is a significant realignment occurring in the acute care space, I mean we are aware of -- it seems to us almost every not-for-profit system of any size and quite frankly those who that are even smaller are having conversations and going through processes about thinking how they're going to position themselves in the post reform landscaped doesn't mean that they're all going to be sellers by any means. But it certainly means that they're going through those conversations and I will tell you that on both sides of our business that is on acute and behavioral. We're trying to participate as much as we can in those conversations to see what opportunities we might have to do any number of things to buy facilities to joint venture to manage behavioral services really to – really span the gamut of what can be done. So in terms of being able to say with great precision come what's going to happen and what we're really expecting, I think it's difficult to do, but we're – obviously we've got balance sheet that is attractive from a leverage perspective, so that if there are really attractive and compelling opportunities we can add, but we'll continue to be as we always have been judicious and how we do that.
Tom Gallucci - FBR:  Right. And then just as a follow on to that I guess thoughts on the use of cash to the extent, more material acquisitions don't come to fruition because we've been talking about this I guess for a while to your point, but there is a lot of activity out there, but doesn't seem like there has been anything yet at least at this point that if you want to pull the trigger on.
Steve Filton: Yes. I think that just to be fair, in most of the activity particularly on the acute side in the last few years has been on the more rural end of the spectrum, which I think is why the more rural companies have been the most active, that's never really been our sweet spot. And so I think that so again, it's a fair comment, but I think that the reason that we have been I think patiently waiting is the notion that at some point that activity is going to move along the spectrum and start to encompass more of the suburban and urban players that we probably have a greater interest in. So from – purely as sort of mechanical guidance perspective, the way that we think about cash generation is we just presume that we use our cash to repay debt, but from a more practical perspective, I think we're looking – we're always looking at whatever external uses we have for our cash as well as whether at some point it becomes more prudent for us to become a more aggressive return of capital to shareholders.
Tom Gallucci - FBR: Okay. Helpful perspective. Thanks Steve.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice - UBS:  Hi, everybody. Two questions I guess really, first, coming back to the behavioral comments about seeing more deals out there traditionally at least in the last few years maybe go back further it's been different but last few years your big – your deals in psyche have been bigger deals. Now, it sounds like you're seeing opportunities on a one-off basis to be more active. Can you give us a little more flavor as to, is that just a change in your posture or is the market giving your more opportunities on a one-off basis and beyond the two you've announced, do you think you see more in the next year or so?
Steve Filton: Well, I was sort of stating the obvious, A.J. I mean you're right, we've done the two biggest deals in the space in the last three years when we bought PSI back in 2010, and then we bought Ascend back at the end of 2012. And so I think from a practical perspective, it certainly nothing left on the size or scope of the PSI deal. And even from an – from a comparative perspective, there is only a handful of companies besides Ascend. So I think a lot of the remaining opportunities are smaller one-offs. We've done our share of those deals over the last few years as well, I just don't think they've been – they've gotten the attention or the highlight given the much larger deals that we've done. So, I think the – I think there remains a tremendous amount of opportunities for consolidation in the behavioral space, but it's a more fragmented space with some of those bigger deals having now been done. I think the other piece of it as I was alluding to a little bit before is that, there is a lot of activity on the acute care side of the business meaning acute care hospitals that have behavioral components to them either behavioral units or freestanding behavioral facilities. We're looking to get into that business or out o it, and we are having a number of I think very promising conversations with some fairly large acute care providers that we view as again, very promising. And we believe this will constitute a significant component of our growth in the behavioral business over the next few years.
A.J. Rice - UBS: Okay. And then my other question would relate to, I know you don't give guidance around the quarterly progressions but couple of other companies have out of their way to signal that we should take into account the moving parts in the first quarter now, you signal something on whether in the psych business maybe the layout on your acute care side doesn't – yet is impacted by weather, some others, but do you think this is sort of a normal seasonal layout for you guys this year, or would you caution us about the first quarter in anyway?
Steve Filton: My comments I think about the progression for the year is that obviously, or maybe not obviously, but I think so the ACA impact is a progressive impact, in theory that should become bigger as the year goes on and the enrollments process continues et cetera. From the weather perspective, yes I mean – we may see I think a few million dollar impact in our behavioral business in the first quarter, but I don't know that in the grand scheme of the year that's a huge issue. My sense is that a lot of the other companies who have sort of cautioned about the first quarter are the companies that are engaged in very significant integration processes with acquisitions et cetera that that's a different dynamic then we'll be experiencing. So from my perspective, I don't know that quarterly progression in 2014 other than the – with the ACA caveat, should be terribly different than what we've historically seen.
A.J. Rice - UBS: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse:  Thanks. Good morning. Can you give us the impact do you think the two-midnight rule may have had on volumes in the fourth quarter. And do you have any impact built in the guidance for this and maybe what percentage of your Medicare missions are one day stays?
Steve Filton: Sure, Ralph. So I know that it's a typical number to – I think again sort of parse out with great precision. But sort of based on the change in our number of observation days et cetera. I know one of our peers suggested that their impact was maybe 50 basis points particularly on their Medicare admissions in the quarter and that's pretty consistent, I think with what we would guess as well. And I think our sense is that – while, the two-midnight rule is sort of the latest step in this continued shift from in to outpatient, it is part of a larger shift that has been underway for a long time. And I think that we have just taken I think try to budget our admissions for next year in the context to that larger shift. And so, I think when I talked about an acute care revenue growth in 2014 like 3%, 4%, I think that is frankly mostly priced with just modest volume growth.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. And do you have the percentage of your Medicare admissions that are one day stay?
Steve Filton: I don't have that in front of me Ralph.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, I guess do you – do you know what percentage you yourself pay volume is in Medicaid expansion states. And then what's your historical success rate been in signing people up from Medicaid that are previously eligible?
Steve Filton: So answering the second question first, I think that although it varies by market, historically we've had a two-third success rate that is people who we actually feel we can try and qualify for Medicaid, we historically have converted or qualified about two-thirds of those. I don't have exact percentage of that you've asked for, obviously I thinking a number of analysts I pointed this out, in terms – and these are really acute care comments. In terms of number of beds, we have the most exposure I believe of all the companies to states that are Medicaid expanding states. And that's mainly because of our huge footprint in Nevada, which is expanding but we're obviously also in California and in the District of Columbia, which are also localities that are expanding. The challenge is, is that in those states and localities in the case of the district, they're not necessarily the states in which we have our greatest number of uninsured, clearly from our – from an acute care perspective, the greatest number of uninsured and the biggest uninsured market we have are in Texas. And so in the long run whether or not Texas participates in Medicaid expansion is probably kind of the biggest swing factor from a Medicaid expansion perspective.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with Robert W. Baird.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird:  Hey, thanks. Steve, I think I've said that in every December for three years, but worth pointing out again that you had a material reduction in your malpractice accrual for three years now. And many of your peers sort of claimed that as earnings, so once again your conservatism is appreciated. And I guess my question is, of the – looking at the 600 beds you're adding this year to the behavioral business, are all those just expansions to existing facilities or does that include the de novos?
Steve Filton: Yes. So two things with one is you have consistently pointed that out and two is, I'm consistently appreciate that you do so, so thanks for that. As far as the bed expansions next year, they do include at least one de novo project.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And anything new that's driving the decision to allocate capital to some of these bed expansion projects, is it still just local market demand, any regional payer should, any new dynamic kind of driving the expansion decisions?
Steve Filton: I don't think so, I mean as you know we've been expanding our behavioral footprint organically for now what amounts to probably a good seven or eight year period. I think we're ramping the pace of next year a little bit, but honestly I think that has much to do with sort of some local markets specifics being able to get a CON or zoning in a particular location. I've made the point historically that if we could, we be building behavioral beds even faster than we have and we've been slowed by a lot of these regulatory hurdles. And I just think that in 2014 and 2015, we've overcome some of those and so that pace will pick up a little bit. And also, to state the obvious, I mean we're investing money in that process because it has been a process that has earned us a pretty high return over the last seven or eight years. And so even I though I think we continue to be judicious about it and don't necessarily subscribe to the notion that if you just build it's always going to workout. The fact of the matter is that in most of our endeavors we had worked out very well.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Got it. And along the same lines, just maybe on the acute business. I think you acquired some real estate in Las Vegas for a potential expansion project, maybe can you talk about the potential for that – that project in kind of the decision process around, you maybe building a new hospital?
Steve Filton: So I mean obviously, Whit you know that Las Vegas is by far our single biggest acute care market as well as obviously our largest market all together. We expanded our footprint in Las Vegas any number of times over the last decade three or four times in significant ways, mostly to gain greater sort of geographic diversity and to make sure that we can cover as much of the market as possible. And we've talked about for a long time is that one part of the market in which we have no coverage is the southeastern or the let's call the Henderson market in Las Vegas. And we did acquire a piece of land in that market that we plan to develop a new hospital in over the next few years and that's frankly been always a part of our sort of long-term strategy and what is obviously our single most important market.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Got it. And I guess just one last housekeeping one. Can we get a D&A number for the year, and also can you talk about maybe the progression of losses with Temecula just to make sure we get our modeling lined up? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So from a D&A perspective, and I struggled with this a little bit because I never know exactly how everybody else does their models. But I think our – what I would call our GAAP D&A number for next year is somewhere in the $370 million to $380 million range and somewhere between $35 million and $40 million of that is attributable to our EHR activity, we obviously have crossed that $35 million to $40 million about in the $0.05 EPS number that we exclude, but depending on how others do their models, those are I think the two relevant numbers. As far as the Temecula progression goes and actually I probably should have said that as part of the A.J. 's question, yes I mean sort of as you might expect, I think we expect Temecula to continue to improve as the year goes on. So I think while we're expecting a breakeven result in that Temecula market for the full year of 2014 it probably is dilutive in the first half of the year and accretive in the second half of the year for a full year result that's ultimately neutral.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. You called out the AR buildup from Illinois from Texas during the quarter, I'm curious if that has developed since the end of the quarter? And then secondarily, any thoughts surrounding your cash flow from – guidance for 2014?
Steve Filton: Sure, Frank. So on the ARPs, the Illinois issue which is an issue with our just sort of a regular Medicaid receivables and quite frankly relates not to just us but to all providers in Illinois and is more about the state zone physical issues. Honestly, that AR balance tends to fluctuate, so it rose a little bit at the end of the year and then it's come down some in January, but we just call it out because it has been a fluctuating number. The piece in Texas is not our regular patient receivables, but UPL/DSH receivable, and again, only call it out because it's become a relatively large number although we have every expectation that it's going to paid at some point in 2014, I think probably in the spring although not yet paid. And I'm sorry you had a second question Frank that I'm completely forgetting. If Frank is not on the line may be somebody else will remember it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg with Susquehanna.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple of maintenance ones here. On the CapEx both for 2014 and for 2013, can you give us a sense for how much of that is routine versus construction costs?
Steve Filton: So Chris, I mean, I think that generally we would say that our maintenance capital, which I think is what you would, what you have framed or characterized as routine is somewhere in the $80 million to $100 million range mostly related to the acute care business. So somewhere around 25% to 30% of our overall spend is maintenance capital.
Chris Rigg – Susquehanna: Okay. And then can you give us a sense for where your Medicare advantage admissions stand as a percentage of total admissions, and how that may have changed in the last few years?
Steve Filton: And I'm, I don't have that information in front of me Chris. My recollection is that about 25% of our overall Medicare admissions or Medicare advantage admissions, but I definitely sort of cautioned you taking that number as gospel, but we can certainly get that number.
Chris Rigg – Susquehanna: Okay. That's all I got. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Kalenderian with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Sorry, good morning it's Darren Lehrich from Deutsche. Just a couple of follow ups here Steve. I appreciate the D&A commentary for 2014. And I just wanted to go back to what you said there $370 million to $380 million, if the math is right like $355 million or so annualized in Q4. And you're saying $35 million to $40 million from the healthcare IT. So with all the debt extension you have coming on, is there something big that comes off and I guess the question is to put a final point in the modeling why wouldn't that number be even higher?
Steve Filton: To be fair Darren that level of detailed question that I can't answer but happy to take look at.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. We'll pick up offline. So my primary question was really just around the expense side, Steve. Same-store margins were just a little bit lower year-over-year in acute, and we have been seeing that progressively improve throughout 2013. I think one of the components was physician employment cost tapering, and I just wanted to confirm that that was indeed a factor in Q4, if there's any other expense trends that you'd highlight and any initiatives that we ought to be thinking about?
Steve Filton: I can't really think Darren at anything on the acute side that is extraordinary from an expense perspective. I will mention although not an expense side and there was one non-recurring item from a margin perspective in the acute division that is, we had at a few of our facilities may be $7 million or $8 million unfavorable sort of cost reports last reimbursement adjustment having to do with some of our sub-acute reimbursement at a few hospitals. So and we didn't really have a comparable item last year. So that was $7 million or $8 million drag on margins in the quarter that was certainly a bit out of the ordinary. But on the expense side, I can't really think of any.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. That's helpful. And just turnaround the physician employment cost, is it safe to say that those arm have been tapering in the second half in terms of the year-over-year expense growth there?
Steve Filton: I think they're tapering although I would describe it as a fairly incremental process. So the improvement quarter-to-quarter is not terribly dramatic one quarter over another although we believe the trajectory is a good one.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And last thing just around the uninsured volumes, I know few people try to get insights from the ACA assumptions just be curious to get any kind of sizing you could provide uninsured admissions and the uninsured ED visits in 2013 in acute either percentage of your acute admissions or any kind of hard numbers you could put to that? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think that we have historically said that something around 8% to 10% of our total acute care admissions are have historically been uninsured admissions. And what I was saying earlier is, I think our 2014 ACA modeling presumes that something like 7% to 9% of those admissions or those volumes get some covered in some form or fashion.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Great. And then ED visits, I know, do you have a total number of ED visits in 2013 just help us think about that one?
Steve Filton: I do not have in front of me Darren.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. All right. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Ransom with Raymond James.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Well, I get stuck at the back of a call is all you have are dump questions. All the good ones have been asked.
Steve Filton: You're not so dump John, I know you.
John Ransom - Raymond James: And I was going to ask you Alan because you've been so quite. The ACA continues to kind of bump along, but it continues to be unpopular. Do you think that matters? Do you see any political changes coming to it after the midterms, or do you think that will just be able to grind through even if it remains unpopular?
Alan Miller: You want me to answer Steve?
Steve: Please.
Filton: Please.
Alan Miller: I think it's going to continue to get better and I think the unpopularity is in different areas – different markets. So it's not going to go away. And I think its going to get better as we go along. I also think that there are going to be changes, but I don't see that as bed, I mean I think that there have been so many delays an exemption is that those who will have to be addressed. And I don't see that as necessarily bed, I would have hoped that they would have done this on the front end, which is the way a business people would do it. But, they pushed the thing through and now they're going back to fix the building that doesn't exactly stand straight and some other problems with it. But I don't necessarily -- over time, I think it will be okay.
John Ransom - Raymond James: My other question is, I mean we're hearing increasing talk that they may extend the enrollment period past the end of March, are you hearing that as well?
Steve: I mean, I think we have heard that as well, John. I don't know that again, we have any terribly profound insight into how likely that is. But I agree with Alan's commentary, I think you've seen it already, I mean the administration is obviously committed to making the ACA work as best as possible and I think everything they can do within their power to make that happen, they seem to be trying, so our expectation is, I don't know that they'll do that specific issue, I think they're going to continue do everything they can to make this work.
Filton: I mean, I think we have heard that as well, John. I don't know that again, we have any terribly profound insight into how likely that is. But I agree with Alan's commentary, I think you've seen it already, I mean the administration is obviously committed to making the ACA work as best as possible and I think everything they can do within their power to make that happen, they seem to be trying, so our expectation is, I don't know that they'll do that specific issue, I think they're going to continue do everything they can to make this work.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay. And just couple of others. When you look at your, yes, I guess most of the people are picking several plans and low-cost several plans. Have you had a chance to compare that pricing both considering the price you get plus the difference in deductible, do you have just a basic sense of how those plans compare to your average commercial plan?
Steve: No. I think it's probably too early to do that. I mean again, my sense John is that high deductible plans in general. And obviously this become more prevalent with the ACA but it's not like we've never thought about high deductible plans before. Obviously, think high deductible plans have less of an impact, the more acute the more sort of catastrophic you're talking about the illness or the trauma, or the event. And I think we as, particularly, acute care hospitals are less impacted by high deductible plans and some other providers along in the continuum although there is certainly an impact and us. I think for instance the high deductible plan is something, however, that as we think about the behavioral business has more of an impact and I think it has more of an impact particularly earlier in the year when deductibles tend to be intact and they're not exhausted. But when you're talking about $7000 or $8000 charge for an entire stay in the behavioral business, then obviously a $5000 deductible is much more relevant and much more impactful. So again, I think it's one of those dynamics that we're going to have to see play out a little bit more before we have a really feel for what the ultimate impact is to us.
Filton: No. I think it's probably too early to do that. I mean again, my sense John is that high deductible plans in general. And obviously this become more prevalent with the ACA but it's not like we've never thought about high deductible plans before. Obviously, think high deductible plans have less of an impact, the more acute the more sort of catastrophic you're talking about the illness or the trauma, or the event. And I think we as, particularly, acute care hospitals are less impacted by high deductible plans and some other providers along in the continuum although there is certainly an impact and us. I think for instance the high deductible plan is something, however, that as we think about the behavioral business has more of an impact and I think it has more of an impact particularly earlier in the year when deductibles tend to be intact and they're not exhausted. But when you're talking about $7000 or $8000 charge for an entire stay in the behavioral business, then obviously a $5000 deductible is much more relevant and much more impactful. So again, I think it's one of those dynamics that we're going to have to see play out a little bit more before we have a really feel for what the ultimate impact is to us.
John Ransom - Raymond James:  And what percent of your deductibles are you currently collecting?
Steve Filton: I think historically, we have conduced or collected rather somewhere in the neighborhood of 50% to 55% of our balance after insurance which would be both deductibles and copays.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay. And finally, we think about you as roughly 70% of your EBITDA from behavioral and about 10% from Vegas, as you look at 2014, do those percentage is still in the ballpark?
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean I think – again, if you think about the guidance, I mean if you think about our same-store guidance, certainly we don't expect any significant changes in the same-store mix of a business. Obviously, if we're at the sort of low-end of our guidance meaning that we get a – an acute care ACA impact and no behavioral impact that would skew the business a little more towards acute. So and if we get to the higher end with the behavioral impact, so the ACA variables I think could affect that mix a little bit. But, in terms of that core business, I don't think we see it changing dramatically.
John Ransom - Raymond James: All right. And Ascend had very high margins when you bought it, something like 30%. Have those margins held in there, and has that asset performed like you hoped it would?
Steve Filton: We've had a few challenges with Ascend that I think our challenges that we faced in the rest of the portfolio as well Ascend have done a great job of targeting the military business, which is a relatively small but fairly profitable component behavioral business. We certainly have had military business at some of our facilities. That business has clearly come under pressure in 2013, and the Ascend is always probably felt that a little disproportionately. No, other that – that's the one item I would sort of think noteworthy and I have to call out.
John Ransom - Raymond James: I mean in hindsight, I mean it was three times revenue the right price for that asset in hindsight.
Steve Filton: Yes, I think that we have a view that what we were buying in that acquisition was 9 high quality facilities that over the long-term would outperform. And also I think would likely be expandable. And I think that remains our long-term view.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citi.
Gary Taylor - Citi: Hey. Good morning. Just A couple of quick ones. Steve, on the acute care business you had said general assumptions for 2014 were same-store revenues up 3% to 4%, EBITDA flat to slightly up. Outside – I assume some of them DSH/UPL reductions you called out our part of why the EBITDA would not grow as fast as revenue, why you would still see margin degradation. Otherwise, is there still just an assumption about payer mix in the EBITDA forecast?
Steve Filton: So I think both comments are true Gary in the sense that the UPL – in the state of the California UPL is a drag on the acute margins. The other piece is that 3% to 4% is sort of the magic line if you will, I think if those acute care growth is closer to 3%, then I think it's tough to have margin expansion as you start to grow beyond that it becomes a little bit easier. So its kind of a very delicate balance right there. We would obviously hope to see that revenue growth pushed to the high-end a little bit where we could get more margin expansion. But that's not what the guidance implies.
Gary Taylor - Citi: And is the 3% to 4% is that fairly evenly split between adjusted admissions and rate?
Steve Filton: Yes. I think I mentioned to somebody else before almost in passing, that it is more heavily I think weighted towards price than to volume.
Gary Taylor - Citi: Okay. Sorry, I missed that.
Steve Filton: That's okay.
Gary Taylor - Citi: And on the D&A, I heard the overall D&A guidance how much do you right handy there Temecula itself, how much the D&A jumps year-over-year?
Steve Filton: So I think the Temecula D&A because we did have a quarter of it in 2013. I think the incremental Temecula D&A is somewhere $11 million, $12 million, $13 million.
Gary Taylor - Citi: Okay. And I think you have given up enough information that kind of back into this now, I just haven't had a chance to do it. But, would you be willing to give an EBITDA range for 2014, or would you rather leave that to us?
Steve Filton: I mean historically, we have not – honestly I don't have it in front of me, so I couldn't do it if I wanted to.
Gary Taylor - Citi: Okay. Last question, on the state program where you cited at the negative $34 million, you said $10 million California, is the bulk of the rest primarily Texas?
Steve Filton: It's a little bit in Texas, which I think is the rest of the acute, and then across the behavioral division, I think just a bunch of states I know Illinois and Arkansas in there. But, there is probably 6 to 8 states on the behavioral side that can contribute to that decline.
Gary Taylor - Citi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets: Yes. My follow up question was related to that AR was – what is your implied cash flow from op guidance for 2014. Thanks.
Steve Filton: Thanks Frank. Yes, so we – you will see, in our 10-K, our free cash flow after CapEx this year was a little over $500 million. I don't think there is anything that's terribly unusual in that number. So depending on how you are modeling next year, I think we ought to have an increase to that free cash flow, given the fact that our CapEx is relatively flat next year an increase in free cash flow next year that's commensurate with whatever EBITDA increase you are using for next year.
Operator: And sir, we have no further questions in the queue at this time.
Steve Filton: Okay. Well, we thank everybody for their participation and look forward to talking to everyone after the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Secretary
Analysts: Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Thomas Gallucci - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jason Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brandi, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Universal Health Services Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Steve Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve G. Filton: Good morning. I am Steve Filton. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2013. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013. We'd like to highlight a few developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, during the third quarter of 2013, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS of $1.15 per diluted share. After adjusting each quarter's reported results for the items disclosed on the supplemental schedule included with last night's earnings release, adjusted net income attributable to UHS increased to $1.10 per diluted share during the third quarter of 2013, as compared to $0.91 per diluted share during the third quarter of last year. As discussed in last night's release, included in the adjusted net income attributable to UHS during the third quarter of 2013 is $0.10 per diluted share, resulting from additional revenues recorded in the quarter that are applicable to the period of October 1, 2012 through June 30, 2013, earned in connection with the Texas Medicaid disproportionate share and uncompensated care programs. On a same-facility basis, net revenues in our behavioral health division increased 3.4% during the third quarter of 2013. Adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 5.8%, and adjusted patient days increased 1.5% during the third quarter of 2013 as compared to last year's comparable quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 1.9% during the third quarter of 2013 over the comparable prior year quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year were 27.5% during the third quarter of 2013 as compared to 27.9% during the third quarter of 2012. On a same-facility basis in our acute care division, excluding the impact of approximately $16 million of the additional revenues earned in connection with the Texas Medicaid disproportionate share and uncompensated care programs covering the period of October 2012 through June of 2013, revenues increased 6.6% during the third quarter of 2013 as compared to the third quarter of 2012. The increase resulted primarily from a 3.6% increase in adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year and a 2.9% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same-facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals decreased to 12.8% during the third quarter of 2013 from 13.4% during the third quarter of 2012. Our acute care hospitals provided charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates, amounting to approximately $276 million and $259 million during the 3-month periods ended September 30, 2013, and 2012, respectively, and approximately $766 million and $840 million during the 9-month period ended September 30, 2013, and 2012, respectively. In addition to provision for doubtful accounts at our acute care hospitals increased to approximately $291 million during the third quarter of 2013 as compared to approximately $167 million during the third quarter of 2012, and increased to approximately $725 million during the first 9 months of 2013, as compared to approximately $456 million during the comparable period of 2012. As a percentage of acute care net revenues, the provision for doubtful accounts, charity care and the uninsured discount in this year's third quarter we're at levels higher than those experienced during the third quarter of 2012. Our cash from operating activities increased by approximately 15% to $186 million during the third quarter of 2013, as compared to $162 million in the third quarter of 2012. For the 9 months ended September 30, 2013, our cash provided by operating activities increased by approximately 11% to $592 million over the $535 million generated during the comparable 9-month period of 2012. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased to 59 days during the third quarter of 2013 as compared to 57 days during the third quarter of 2012. At September 30, 2013, our ratio of debt-to-total capitalization was 52.9%. We spent approximately $104 million on capital expenditures during the third quarter of 2013. Included in our capital expenditures were the construction costs related to the recently opened 140-bed Temecula Valley Hospital, a newly constructed acute care facility located in Temecula, California. Late last week, we completed an amendment to our $275 million accounts receivable securitization program, which extended the maturity date of this program for 3 years to October of 2016. This year, 48 UHS hospitals, that's 43 behavioral health and 5 acute care, were recognized by the Joint Commission as Top Quality Performers. This acknowledgment publicly demonstrates the long-standing commitment of UHS to provide care to our patients that is based upon evidence-based practice to ensure positive outcomes. Several sets of quality indicators are measured and compared across the entire population of accredited hospitals. In 2012, 32 UHS hospitals were recognized. This year's achievement recognizes that these facilities have sustained excellent quality performance for the past several years. Alan and I will be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Chris Rigg with Susquehanna International.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Was just hoping you can provide some additional color on the bad debts? And what, if anything -- or what additional color you might be able to provide with regard to the increase, both sequentially and year-to-year?
Steve G. Filton: Sure, Chris. So as we, I think, talked about in the middle of last year, we changed our charity care policy across the division, frankly, to make it a little more difficult to qualify for charity care. And we suggested at that time that the cosmetic result of that on our income statement would be the shift on compensated dollars from charity care to bad debt. And in fact, I think that's what you're seeing occur in the significant increase in bad debt and the reduction in charity care in 2013. As noted in my prepared remarks, I mean, the total amount of the items that we consider to be uncompensated care has remained relatively stable. And, again, I think it's largely, in our minds, a cosmetic change.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. But, I guess, that makes sense year-over-year. But relative to the second quarter, it does look like it crept up a little bit. There's nothing notable to isolate there?
Steve G. Filton: I don't think so. I mean, obviously, if you look at -- after you adjust for charity care or uncompensated care, our net revenue metrics were quite strong in the quarter in the acute division. So it doesn't seem to be having -- doesn't seem to be any underlying or substantive change in our payor mix.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then just change gears quickly here. In Temecula, can you give us a sense for the operating expenses, how much expenses in there were related to Temecula without any corresponding revenue in the quarter? And I'll leave it at that.
Steve G. Filton: Sure. So just provide a little bit of context and to remind people, in our original guidance for 2013, we included $15 million or $16 million, both preopening start-up costs as well as opening start-up losses for the Temecula facility. And we indicated that those would occur in quarter 3 and quarter 4. We incurred something like $6 million or $7 million of start-up costs in quarter 3 across all of our operating costs. And we think we're on track, generally, to incur the sorts of losses that we included in our original guidance with the fourth quarter opening of the hospital.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just maybe -- mentioned, obviously, with the nice pickup in volume on the acute care side you had. Did you end up running -- having to make any short-term adjustments that would have maybe mitigated some of that flowing through to the bottom line, the way you dealt with the nurses, et cetera?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I think that's correct, A.J. And the fact is, because volumes picked up as quickly as they did in Q3, I think as we went through the detailed results, we found that there is probably $4 million or $5 million of what I would sort of describe as inefficient salary expense. In this case, meaning, higher uses of registry and over time, as we responded quickly to the increase in volumes. And I think the good news from our perspective is that those increases should be fixed in relatively short order and return to much -- kind of a more normalized salary and staffing pattern. And so we would expect that issue to largely be resolved in Q4 and going forward.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And I might switch gears and ask you about this behavioral business. Obviously, there's been some discussion about bumping up against capacity constraints in various markets. Are we at a point now where you would actually look at even a de novo facility, and do you have any of those on the drawing board that are worth highlighting?
Steve G. Filton: The easy answer to the question is yes. I mean, we have opened de novo facilities in the last few years. We opened de novo facilities in Arkansas and in Illinois and in Texas, all in the last few years. We have a couple -- another 1 or 2 that are absolutely on the drawing board. So I think our view of capacity expansion as we move forward is that it includes both expanded beds at existing facilities, as well as de novo projects.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, and maybe last question. On the pressure on the length of stay in the RTC segment, which continued this quarter. I mean, we don't have a lot of competitors any more to look at, to benchmark you against, but it does seem like the other public company doesn't -- isn't seeing exactly the same, at least they're saying they're not. And is there anything about particular programs you have or particular geographies that would make the facilities a little more susceptible to that length-of-stay pressure? And then I know it's a hard call, but do we see any signs of that starting to ease up a little bit?
Steve G. Filton: No. I mean, as you know, we've been discussing this pressure on length of stay for some time. And I think in response to previous questions, we've always talked about the fact that, although it was relatively isolated to our residential business, that within the residential business, it was fairly widespread, that this was not just a phenomena at a small handful of facilities. And so, again, it's been a pervasive kind of phenomena for several years. Why another company or other hospitals might not be experiencing it is really a question that's difficult for me to answer. And as far as sort of indications of a turn, while I know lots of people have heard me say for a long time, and I certainly can see that I'm the main proponent of this, that there seems to be a natural trough to this length-of-stay issue. To be fair about it, we have not yet seen it yet -- we haven't seen it yet. And I don't know that we've really seen any leading indicators of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Raskin of Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just first question. Just simply on the admits number, not adjusted admissions, but actual admits in the quarter, same-store basis on the acute care side were, obviously, very strong. And I'm just curious any color on that, and whether that's geographically focused, or any other sort of things that you could point out there?
Steve G. Filton: Well, I think from an admissions perspective, by far, the greatest strength in admissions in the quarter was in Las Vegas, which is kind of an interesting turn from the second quarter. In Q2, much of the strength in Vegas was from a payor mix perspective, as opposed to volumes. And now in Q3, volumes were stronger. But I will make the point that I think the overall revenue strength in the acute portfolio was fairly widespread, which I think means that while volumes were strongest in the Vegas market, the payor mix and therefore, the pricing metrics, were stronger throughout the rest of the portfolio as well.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. But, no specific types of admits or delays or anything that you can -- it sounds like it's generally picking up in Vegas was the big driver, is that fair?
Steve G. Filton: I think that's a fair characterization, Josh.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then Temecula, just a quick follow-up on that. I think I got the answer in the last question. It sounds like you're on pace for sort of a $9-million EBITDA hit in 4Q. I'm just curious, expectations for EBITDA breakeven at Temecula. When do you think that happens?
Steve G. Filton: I think we've said before that our general expectation is that Temecula itself would likely get to breakeven for the full year of 2014. And progressively, I think what that implies is that we'll have some losses in the beginning of '14. And then that should turn around by the end of the year. The more difficult call for us, quite frankly, is how Temecula affects the other hospitals in its Riverside County market. It's been a while since we had an opening like this, that is an opening in a market where we had existing hospitals. But when we opened Centennial Hills in Las Vegas, it, clearly, in the early, I would say, first 12, 18 months, cannibalized our own hospitals a lot more than it took market share away from other hospitals in the market. And I think, to some degree, we're expecting some of that same dynamic in Temecula. But after that, Centennial really started to take market share from its competitors and really came into its own. And again, I think, we'd expect that same sort of phenomena in Temecula. So a little bit of an unknown as to when we say we expect Temecula to break even, what the impact on the rest of the market is, but we're certainly very upbeat about the long-term prospects of the hospital.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So it's possible that Riverside, overall, in '14 may not be breakeven in light of the impact on -- the cannibalization on other facilities, but Temecula itself would be breakeven, if that's...
Steve G. Filton: Well, incrementally breakeven. Certainly, the other hospitals are already profitable, and we wouldn't expect them to decline in that sort of material way to make them breakeven. But, yes, incrementally breakeven for the market, maybe a bit more of a hurdle.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then just last question, Steve, on the guidance coming up. Midpoint's about $0.12 or $0.13. I'm curious how much -- was that mostly Texas? Was any of the Texas DSH -- I think, the whole amount was $0.13. Was any of that expected? I know only $0.10 was out of period, but was any of the $0.13 expected, or is that the boost in guidance? And, I guess, just a little surprise based on the strength of the actual quarter and the final IPPS rule came in a little bit better, et cetera?
Steve G. Filton: So I think that, basically, the raise in guidance was largely, in our own minds, a mechanical exercise to reflect the Texas DSH and UPL amounts or uncompensated care amounts that were, in fact, not expected and not included in the original guidance, as well as the adjustment for -- we had originally included in our original guidance the Medicare DSH cuts that were embedded in the ACA that have since largely been eliminated. The reason why the guidance raise is a little bit less than those 2 items together is that I think that through the 9 months, our results for the 9 months are probably a few pennies shy of our own internal expectations, so that we're reflecting that in the guidance change as well.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, got you. So there were some modest headwinds that offset those 2 positives?
Steve G. Filton: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci with FBR.
Thomas Gallucci - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Maybe just following up on that last point that you made, Steve. In terms of maybe a few pennies weaker than you were looking for, are there any particular areas that you can point to that have been a little bit different than what you were initially expecting?
Steve G. Filton: Well, I think probably, in the broadest sense, we've already touched on those. I think that our behavioral revenues have grown by -- pretty steadily at around this 3.5% mark for the year. And I think our own expectations were for slightly stronger behavioral growth. And as it get largely -- really gets down to this length-of-stay issue that we've discussed quite a bit before. And on the acute side, struggling a little bit -- I mean, we're very pleased with the way revenues have rebounded, but struggled a little bit with getting those margins up as quickly as we might have hoped to get them up, given the revenue increase. So I think those are the 2 phenomena. Obviously, on the acute side, as we mentioned, I think, we feel like those are fixable sorts of items that turn around pretty quickly. And on the behavioral side, while we think there's a natural trough in this length of stay, we're still finding it difficult to predict when we hit it.
Thomas Gallucci - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Right. Two cost items, I think, that you called out in the past, just want to make sure we've got the right numbers for this quarter. On the acute care side, sort of physician costs, I think, have been a drag. Just curious where are those this quarter. And on the behavioral side, you've had continued legal costs, so just want to make sure we call those out, too.
Steve G. Filton: Sure. So on the on the behavioral side, the legal costs associated with the investigation were about $2 million for the quarter, which is compared to, I think, about $4 million for last quarter. And then on the acute side, the drag from the incremental increase in our physician-owned, physician-acquired, physician subsidies is probably $3 million or $4 million in the quarter, which again, I think, is a sequential step-down from the last quarter, but still a little bit of a drag.
Thomas Gallucci - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. Last question, just a big picture, sort of on the M&A front. See a fair amount of activity out there, just curious what your perspective is at this stage of the game, particularly on the acute care side.
Steve G. Filton: I think we -- as we we've said, I think, pretty consistently, we remain very interested in any strong and attractive, compelling acquisition opportunities and investigating those. I think our sense is, at the moment, the market's taking a bit of a pause as we sort of make our way to the other side of health reform, and it seems like that is consuming most hospitals' attention. But our expectation is that at some point next year, the pace of activity is likely to pick up again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A few things left here in my questions. The length-of-stay topic, obviously, has been prominent with you guys over the last several quarters. I guess, one thing I just wanted to ask is I think a lot of the focus has been on the residential side, Steve, in terms of how you've described this issue. But on the acute side, is there anything that we might see in the final parity regs that might help you out a little bit with managed care payors in terms of how length of stay is managed. I'm just wondering if that's part of the issue as you see it here.
Steve G. Filton: I mean, I think in many respects, Darren, that the parity -- the preliminary parity regulations kind of already addressed the issue and basically say that insurance plans can't really manage utilization in the behavioral space differently than they measure in the Med/Surg space. We certainly try and reinforce that point with payors. It can be kind of a nuanced issue at times, but I think we think that sort of protection is already there. Certainly, I think we've seen small pockets of pressure on length of stay on the acute behavioral side of the business, where a particular state has, let's say, moved to -- from a traditional Medicaid program to a managed Medicaid program. But I think those -- again, those instances are fairly isolated. And the really broad impact on length-of-stay pressure has continued to be in the residential business, and by definition, in the Medicaid side of the business.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just as it relates to your share count. You've been a little bit more quiet on the buyback front. I think your share count has crept up about 2% year-over-year, I guess, from options. But can you help us think about how you're looking at buyback versus other options that you have with capital deployment, particularly as it relates to just managing share count at a minimum.
Steve G. Filton: I think that -- sort of like what I alluded to before as kind of a broader industry kind of trend, I mean, I think we're very much focused on operating our business as efficiently as we can and preparing for kind of a post-reform landscape. And I think when we get to sometime well into next year, the middle -- the second or third quarter of next year, I think at that point, it would be more prudent of us to sort of sit back and see what the M&A landscape -- it looks like, what other uses for our cash flow there might be, and whether at that point we want to become more serious about returning capital to shareholders. I think between now and then, we're mostly sort of keeping our head down sort of literally and figuratively, trying to run the business as efficiently as we can, happy to generate a lot of cash, which we've been doing, and pay down debt in the interim.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Makes sense. Last thing here is just wanted to maybe get a little bit more visibility, if we could, on HITECH, and how you're thinking about how that comes through in Q4 and then for 2014. Any broadbrush comments on what you think your net benefit might look like? I know it's not in your guidance, but it's certainly a source of cash flow for you, as we've seen this quarter.
Steve G. Filton: Yes. So from a 2013 perspective, while you're correct we don't include it in our guidance per se, we did estimate that the impact of EHR would be a positive $0.13 or so in 2013. And I think we are -- feel like we're largely on track to get within shouting distance of that number, one direction or another, which means that the fourth quarter should be a fairly significant positive, mostly because a lot of the revenue recognition occurs in Q4. As we move beyond that, and again, I think we've set the stage for this previously, we have said that the ultimate impact of our EHR process is a net investment in the neighborhood of $50 million or $60 million. So ultimately, it would be a net cost to us. Again, the way our accounting works and require that it works is that we're recognizing the revenues and the cash tending to be upfront, but we will recognize the expenses more ratably as we depreciate those costs over a 5- or 6-year period, as we bring these hospitals live. So beginning in 2014 the EHR impact will turn negative. When we give our 2014 guidance, we'll be more specific about the magnitude of that number. But from here on out, it becomes negative. I will make the point that from a cash flow perspective, I think it's only positive from here on out, because we've spent virtually all of our -- or made all of our EHR investment already, so that the expenses that are being recognized from here on out is just depreciation of already expended amounts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gurda with KeyBanc.
Jason Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: With some of the details out now on the exchanges and the health plans, how do you feel with UHS' contracting strategy?
Steve G. Filton: I think that we're fairly confident that we have exchange contracts with most of the payors in our market. In some markets, there's a little bit of alignment with certain payors with certain hospitals, et cetera. But I think we feel reasonably well positioned from a contracting perspective in our markets. I think this is going to be a more meaningful question, both asked and answered, months from now, when we have a better sense of how -- what enrollment looks like in those markets, and who's got the bulk of enrollment, et cetera. But I think, right now, we're very comfortable with our positioning in the vast majority of our markets.
Jason Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And have you guys done any more quantitative work on what the potential benefits from the expansion of coverage might be on the behavioral health side of the business?
Steve G. Filton: Not really. I mean, honestly, it's difficult to do. We've certainly done what I would sort of call scenario work, in which we go through the exercise of saying, "If enrollment increases by this, and if there's x amount of admissions per thousand as a result of that, these would be the impacts." But I think it's still very early and really too premature for us to say with any level of confidence what the actual beneficial impact of these newly insureds are going to be, and how much more behavioral admissions will result from that increase in insurance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Steve, can you just give us the payor mix percentages, actually, in the quarter and maybe versus last year? And then do you have the uninsured volume growth and what percentage of admissions that represents?
Steve G. Filton: Well, what I would say, Ralph, is I think the most significant change this quarter is, really, for the first time in a number of years, we saw an increase, and albeit a slight one, in both managed care and Medicare volumes. And, really, those have been on the decline for several years. So I think that gets -- winds up getting reflected in the strong pricing and the strong revenue growth in the quarter. Uninsured admissions were relatively flattish as well. So I mean, it was a quarter in which most of our payor classes were sort of flattish in terms of utilization. But quite, frankly, that's the best utilization we've had in a long time. And it obviously got reflected in our revenue growth numbers.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then can you talk about initiatives or strategies you have in place or will put in place to get more people enrolled in the exchanges or Medicaid heading into 2014? And, also, if you can give us a sense of what percentage of success you currently have in getting Medicaid eligibles signed up.
Steve G. Filton: Well, I think it's worth noting that the process of enrolling eligible patients as they present themselves in our hospitals and Medicaid is nothing new for us, or I would think for most hospitals, and something we've been doing for a long time. And, quite frankly, in some markets we have a whole sort of infrastructure created to do that. And in large part, the Medicaid expansion just allows us to continue a process that we're very capable of doing and are very accustomed to doing, and we'll continue to do that. Obviously, the introduction of the exchanges is certainly a new nuance that we haven't dealt with before in this very specific way. And we've trained people for that, we've educated people, we've got people certified as counselors, et cetera. Right now, like everybody else in the world, we're sort of subject to the government ironing out the kinks in their systems before what we're prepared to do, I think, will have a real measurable impact. So even some of the things that we've thought about doing more proactively, reaching out to patients through mailers and other means, I think we're, for the most part -- and I think, most of our peers are -- have suggested the same thing. I mean, we're really delaying and deferring those sorts of activities until it seems like the system is prepared for those people in a more efficient way than it currently seems to be.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Fair enough. And then just my last one. Can you talk about the 2-Midnight Rule? Any concerns there? Do you think it will impact you in any way? And just maybe general thoughts on the rule itself.
Steve G. Filton: I think as -- again, as I understand, at least some of our peers have commented on it. We have some concerns to the degree that what the 2-Midnight Rule suggests is that if that a patient is in for 2 midnights, then that's likely to be a legitimate admission. But by the converse being that if they're there for less than 2 midnights, then that's not a legitimate admission. Now I don't know that CMS has really confirmed that that's their view. So I think, like other providers, we're anxious to get as much clarification and as much specificity from CMS as we can. And until then, we're going to follow this issue very closely. I think until there is more specificity forthcoming from CMS, it's difficult for us to say what the impact is likely to be. I think we'll have a better sense of that early in 2014.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Zimmerman, Goldman Sachs.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Looking at your acute side of the business, can you make some general comments on what you're seeing in terms of trends on specific business lines, like surgeries, emergency department visits, any trends you saw this quarter?,
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I think surgeries, clearly, also along with payor mix, took a bit of an uptick this quarter. Again, everything is relative. So I think our surgical volumes, both in and outpatient, were up this quarter, albeit slightly. But I think that's the first time they've both been up in a number of quarters. And again, I think that the strength in surgical activity is another dynamic that's reflected in that overall strong revenue growth. ER admissions -- or ER visits tend to track admissions pretty closely. And, obviously, ER visits, I think, ticked up with the increase in admissions. Or I would almost sort of suggest it goes the other way, that admissions tick up as ER activity ticks up.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I appreciate your comments on Vegas and the admission trends you're seeing there. What about Texas? And any update you can provide on trends you're seeing in the Texas market?
Steve G. Filton: Well, it's worth noting, first of all, that we're in a number of significant markets in Texas.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Right, McAllen is the one I'm thinking.
Steve G. Filton: The McAllen has been a market that I think was sort of slow to be impacted by the economic downturn, and conversely, has been slow to recover, and I think remains that way. So we're seeing strength in the acute care portfolio. I don't think McAllen is really driving that much.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then my final question is just a follow-up. How many of your hospitals are now meaningful-use compliant that you've attested for?
Steve G. Filton: All of them are compliant from a Phase I perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on Las Vegas, because just looking at the minority interest line, it looks like the overall results of Vegas maybe weren't as strong. You mentioned that the volumes were good. Was there a cost offset that was flowing through there? Is there something skewing the minority interest line? How do we think about the profitability of Vegas during the quarter?
Steve G. Filton: Well, what I did say before, Kevin, was that in Q2, what really drove the bottom line Vegas performance was an improvement in payor mix. And what I suggested before was that even though volumes improved in Q3 in Vegas, payor mix actually deteriorated from the second quarter. And I think probably more than anything else, that drives what I think is kind of an overarching sort of dynamic in the acute division in Q3, which was stronger revenue performance, which didn't necessarily translate dollar-for-dollar to the EBITDA line. And I think in Vegas, the main explanation for that is payor mix, whereas, I think for the rest of the portfolio, there were more -- tended to be more operating cost explanations.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Because, I guess, I'm having a little bit of difficulty reconciling the comment you made earlier. I think it was Chris's question about the bad debt and the charity care. Because looking at the numbers, it looks to me like your charity care and discounts were up about 7%, and that bad debt was up 74%, which is due to the classification issue you mentioned before. If you add them together, they're up 33% in the quarter. So that to me feels like a big number, but you kind of characterized it as more flattish. Is there something -- am I missing something in that analysis?
Steve G. Filton: No. I mean, I think, the issue, obviously, is though -- and to me the ultimate test is what's happening to our overall paying revenues, which are clearly up in the quarter and the strongest performance that we've had in some time. And that's reinforced, or in my mind, validated by our cash performance. So no, I mean, I think, and I've made this point a lot before, we don't do a lot of analysis of bad debt and charity care in the sense of what we're not collecting. We're far more focused on what we are collecting. And I thought in Q3, those numbers were actually pretty strong.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I think that makes sense. And when you think about the payor mix issues that you're talking about, that is just Medicare growing as a percentage? Or what's causing the payor mix issue?
Steve G. Filton: In Vegas?
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, I guess, specifically.
Steve G. Filton: Because Vegas, I think, is really where we had the payor mix issue, yes. I mean, I think what we saw in Vegas was an uptick in emergency room business, and that led to an increase in volumes, but unfortunately, the mix of those patients was more uninsureds and more Medicaid, specific in that market.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then how do we think about the Texas DSH program, because in some ways, it's very helpful for you to spike out what happened in the quarter versus out of quarter. But is this something you would expect to continue next year? Or is this something that we're going to have to wait until this time next year before it finalizes again, and then we'll find another onetime -- or not, maybe not onetime but out-of-period item that we have account for? How do you think about that number going forward?
Steve G. Filton: So our expectation at the moment is that these couple of programs that we spiked out will continue into 2014, and will have a favorable impact in 2014 of about $15 million. And so at this point, we would expect that we would include those numbers in our guidance for next year.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Do you think you will be able to accrue for them? Or will it have to be a wait and see?
Steve G. Filton: No, I think at this point, we would accrue for them.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe last question. On the psych, I think the margins were down there year-over-year, even though the revenue growth did improve. Any comments there, I guess, maybe besides litigation costs that might have brought down the margins?
Steve G. Filton: No, as you said, I mentioned a couple of million dollars of legal fees before. I think other than that, we saw a tiny bit of pressure on things like supplies and some professional fees for our psychiatrists, but -- and our doctors, but nothing terribly specific. I mean, honestly, at a 3.5% revenue growth rate, it can be a little challenging to really be able to post margin expansion every quarter at those rates of growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Steve, I hate to go back to this, but one more time. So the volumes and the mix improved across the entire portfolio except in Las Vegas, where mix deteriorated -- volume continued to improve there, but the mix deteriorated, is that correct?
Steve G. Filton: So, I guess, what I would say, Frank, is that in Vegas, volumes were very strong, and payor mix deteriorated pretty measurably, whereas in the rest of the portfolio, volumes were less robust, but payor mix clearly improved.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But some improvement in volume across the rest of the portfolio?
Steve G. Filton: I don't have it exactly in front of me, but I think most of the volume improvement was in the Vegas market.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Unrelated. I think you mentioned surgical volumes being up, but just general Med/Surg acuity, was it also up? Like, what was your case mix on the hospital side in the quarter? How much -- did it increase?
Steve G. Filton: Our case mix has been -- had risen, and I think it still is above where we were in the third quarter of last year. But over the last few quarters, it has largely leveled out and has been pretty consistent this year.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then with regard to the drag from the owned -- the physician clinics, any plans for further acquisition of those type of clinics in the near term?
Steve G. Filton: I think, obviously, in sort of a -- in a micro way, yes. I mean, we're certainly going to continue to acquire and employ physicians where it makes strategic and business sense to us. But I think that the real significant push that we experienced kind of late last year and early this year, which you're really kind of seeing flowing through our numbers now, is not likely to be repeated.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So the drag could very well have maxed out and might even decline over time, is that a fair way to say it?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, what we suggested last quarter was that we expected that the drag would decline sequentially, and it did. And I think that continues to be our expectation.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. One last question, and I'll hop. Just on behavioral pricing and your outlook there, and I'll hop.
Steve G. Filton: I think behavioral pricing has been, on a per-day basis, in that kind of 2%, 2.5%. And I think our general sense is that it should remain around that level.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of quick numbers questions here for me. First, Steve, your interest expense looked a little lower in the quarter than I would have expected. Can you give us an idea what drove that, and whether it was a contributor to the quarter? And how to think about that run rate going forward?
Steve G. Filton: So, Justin, we did receive from the state of Illinois about $4 million or $5 million in interest payments. As you know, we've been talking about for the last couple of years that Illinois had fallen significantly behind in its Medicaid payments because of budgetary issues. And they did issue some interest payments this quarter. Obviously, I think in the grand scheme that just offsets the higher interest expense we incurred in these previous periods, as we financed that increase in working capital. In the quarter itself, we didn't really call that item out because there were some offsets, some of which we already discussed like the legal fees and a couple of million dollars in sort of cost report-type adjustments, which in our minds, largely offset that interest expense benefit.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just lastly, obviously, you're a bit of an outlier here among the hospitals that reported so far in terms of volumes. I know a lot of it's based in Vegas. Can you give us an idea, have you seen that volume improve and continue into October?
Steve G. Filton: I think the trends have largely continued in October, meaning strength in Vegas and mostly sort of flattish numbers elsewhere.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Raiff with Centurion. The question is withdrawn. We'll proceed to the next question. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Maybe one housekeeping item. Do you have an allowance for doubtful account number available?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, that will be in the Q.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess just going back to the patient mix. Were there any service lines that were particularly strong or weak, or that you entered or exited in the markets?
Steve G. Filton: No, other than sort of what I alluded to before, that I think the surgical service lines were stronger this quarter.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then do you have any data or statistics for us in terms of the numbers of certified application counselors that you have available at the hospitals, either sort of on an average per hospital or on an overall number for all of the acute hospitals?
Steve G. Filton: We don't really have any detailed numbers, Gary, other than I believe that we have certified counselors in most of, and certainly all of our larger facilities.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There appear to be no further questions at this time.
Steve G. Filton: Okay. Thanks, everybody for your time, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Secretary Alan B. Miller - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee
Analysts: Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ryan K. Halsted - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Charlene, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Universal Health Services Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Mr. Steve Filton. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Steve G. Filton: Thank you. Good morning. I am Steve Filton. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2013. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $1.53 for the quarter. After adjusting each quarter's reported results for the items disclosed on the supplemental schedule included with last night's earnings release, adjusted net income attributable to UHS increased 7% to $1.20 per diluted share during the second quarter of 2013, as compared to $1.12 per diluted share during the second quarter of last year. On a same facility basis, net revenues in our behavioral health division increased 3.2% during the second quarter of 2013. Adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 5.4%, and adjusted patient days increased 1.8% during the second quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 1.3% during the second quarter of 2013 over the comparable prior-year quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year remained unchanged at 28.7% during each of the quarters ended June 30, 2013 and 2012. This year's second quarter results include approximately $4 million of legal fees related to our ongoing Department of Justice investigation. On a same facility basis, in our acute division, revenues increased 4.9% during the second quarter of 2013. The increase resulted primarily from a 2% increase in adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year and a 2.9% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals decreased to 14.8% during the second quarter of 2013 from 16.1% during the second quarter of 2012. Our acute care hospitals provided charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates amounting to $258 million and $266 million during the 3-month periods ended June 30, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The decrease in charity care and uninsured discounts recorded at our acute care hospitals during the second quarter of 2013 as compared to the second quarter of 2012 was offset by an increase in the provision for doubtful accounts, which amounted to $216 million during the second quarter of 2013 as compared to $164 million during the second quarter of 2012. As a percentage of acute care net revenues, bad debts, charity care expense and the uninsured discount in this year's second quarter were at levels higher than those experienced during the second quarter of 2012. Our cash from operating activities was approximately $218 million during the second quarter of 2013, as compared to $246 million in the second quarter of 2012. For the 6 months ended June 13, 2013, our cash provided by operating activities increased by approximately 9% to $406 million over the $373 million generated during the comparable 6-month period of 2012. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased to 57 days during the second quarter of 2013. At June 30, 2013, our ratio of debt to total capitalization was 54.2%. Due to systems issues experienced by our fiscal intermediary, approximately $18 million of Medicare claims payments were delayed during the quarter. Fiscal intermediary system issues have been resolved, and the delayed payments were received in July. We spent $80 million on capital expenditures during the second quarter. Included in our capital expenditures were the construction costs related to Austin Oaks hospital, a new 80-bed behavioral health hospital in Austin, Texas, which opened in May, and ongoing construction of a new acute care hospital in Temecula, California, which we anticipate will open late in the third quarter of this year. We are pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Justin Lake with JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Maybe first, we could talk about the behavioral business, specifically, looked like length of stay continues to be a little bit of a pressure there, but EBITDA growth is still strong. Can you talk a little bit about what's going on there? And Steve, maybe give us your thoughts on what a reasonable kind of long-term same-store revenue and same-store EBITDA growth or EBITDA growth numbers in that behavioral business in your mind?
Steve G. Filton: Sure, Justin. So the length of stay issue is not a new one and certainly one we've spoken about before. We continue to face pressure on our length of stay and declines in our length of stay, primarily in our residential business and primarily amongst our Medicaid, the traditional Medicaid and managed Medicaid payers. In fact, we had very strong admission growth in the quarter, over 5% same-store growth in the behavioral business. So we have a view that when the length of stay issue sort of reaches its trough and levels off, which we think -- and I know we've said this before, but we think we're awfully close to that, that our revenue growth will pick up a little bit. If you look at the 6-months results for behavioral, I think we've got basically kind of 3% same-store revenue growth and a little over 6% EBITDA growth. I think our general sense again, is when the length of stay issue resolves itself, we can push both those numbers up a little bit. And I think that, from our perspective, is the ongoing trajectory of behavioral growth, absent any considerations surrounding reform and the benefits we might get from reform, which is, I think, we view as a separate issue.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And while I have you guys, last night, one of your peers put out a slide deck that gave some view -- gave their view point on what they think are the potential impact from reform could be. And they appear to think in 2014, the benefit to EBITDA could be double-digits, let's call it 10% to 15%. Just curious if you've seen that, and then any kind of thoughts from your perspective that you want to share with us in terms of what the potential benefit could be to your business from reform.
Steve G. Filton: To be candid, Justin, as you might expect, we're very focused at this time of the year on our own results. And so we did not have a chance to see the slide deck that you're talking about. I mean, in general, I would just say that we have -- we've been very sort of public about the idea that we think both of our business segments will be beneficiaries of health care reform and perhaps different aspects of it. But I think it's difficult at this point to sort of parse the benefit out between years and say how much is in '14 and '15 and '16, I think. And we hope that later in the year, we'll have a better sense of that, as we see the enrollment in the exchanges and the enrollment in expanded Medicaid. And we'll just have a better sense of how quickly this is playing out. But that's, I think, all we would say at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, if we look at the acute care business, I thought the volume number was really strong and the overall same-store revenue number was pretty good. And if we -- but if we subtract out and just certainly put aside any kind of malpractice reserve adjustments in the quarter, I'm just wondering why there wasn't more leverage on that type of same-store revenue growth.
Steve G. Filton: I think that, Kevin, the primary explanation is one that we've talked about in probably the last quarter or 2. And that is, I think the margins were depressed primarily by costs associated with our newly-acquired physician practices and newly-employed physicians. When we look at it, our what I'll call our hospital-only entities, tended to show the sort of margin improvement that you're suggesting you'd expect to see and that we'd expect to see, and I think it's mostly those physician-related costs. Obviously, we view those costs as a significant investment in the future and think it positions us well for the upcoming requirements of reform, as well as just the way that markets and the landscape is changing in general. So I think we think it's the right thing to do, but I suggest that, that's sort of a short-term effect that you're seeing.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then can you give an update on the Las Vegas market? Looks like the minority interest number was a bit higher than we thought. Is that -- did Vegas here rebound particularly?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I mean, I think that the encouraging aspects of the second quarter results, as you point out, one is just the overall strength in revenue in the acute division, which is, I think, probably the strongest revenue growth we've seen in some time, and then the improvement in the Vegas market. Those 2 items are interrelated to some point, but -- to some degree. But we definitely saw stronger results in the Vegas market in Q2. We've been expecting that. We've been talking, I think, on our last few conference calls about the fact that the overarching economic metrics in Vegas surrounding unemployment, surrounding the gaming industry, have all been getting better for the last 3 or 4 quarters, and that we thought it was just a matter of time before we began to experience some of that benefit. And in Q2, it appears at least, we began to experience the starts -- the start of that. So mostly, I think, from an improved payor mix in Vegas, we definitely saw stronger results in Q2, as you suggest, which tend to be manifested on that minority interest line.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So is this something that you feel like is going to be more sustainable in the second half of the year? There's nothing like unusual in the Q2 Vegas numbers?
Steve G. Filton: Well, I mean the only caveat I would offer, Kevin, is that sometimes these developments are not uninterrupted. I mean, I think we feel like we're certainly on an upward trajectory at this point in the Vegas market. But whether that, again, is going to continue on uninterrupted or could we have another soft quarter next quarter or a quarter or 2 away, that's possible. But I do think that after, as you know, several years of really softer performance as a result of the local economy in that market, I do think we're poised now for the recovery that we've been expecting.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe last question, I know that -- it looks like on the Medicaid expansion side of things that free-standing psych will not be covered for that population. Is there anything that the industry or you guys can do behind the scenes to try and change that position right now within HHS?
Steve G. Filton: Well, the industry lobbied hard to have the IMD exclusion lifted, and I think will continue to do so. And we believe that it would be the right thing to do. I believe we're also going to pursue at the state level. And it's not entirely clear what the opportunities are to have states continue to apply for waivers for that exclusion. We're participating in the demonstration project that's part of the ACA that waives the exclusion in about 1 dozen states. So we're doing all those things. But to be fair, while we were lobbying as an industry very aggressively for the lifting of the exclusion, I think we were realistic about the chances of that happening. So I don't think that HHS's ultimate position came as a big surprise to us. We're going to continue to work to change it. But we're not shocked at where we are right now.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. That's interesting, the state-level initiatives, I hadn't heard that. Is there -- are there examples of states today that have gotten waivers too, beyond the demonstration project that you alluded to?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I mean, unfortunately, I don't have the information in front of me, but I will -- I know, for instance, that Louisiana is a state that has had the exclusion waived for some time. There are other states. I just don't have the information in front of me, Kevin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe I'll just follow up on the commentary around Las Vegas. First of all, I think Vegas is still about 28% to 30% of your revenues in the acute care division. Would you characterize what you saw in the second quarter as being better than maybe was baked into your expectations? And if you think about the second half, when you formulated the guidance, were you assuming a turn in Vegas to play out or were you sort of assuming a steady-state?
Steve G. Filton: Well, no, I think that, I would have to say, A.J., that the Las Vegas market outperformed our expectations in Q2. Obviously, sort of by definition almost, it means that some other markets underperformed. So I think if the question is, does it really change our view of how the entire year plays out, I'm not sure that it does. Obviously, as we've talked about for a number of years now, a turn in the Vegas market is very important to us, and I think just generally sets us up for stronger performance as we move forward. But I don't know that it changes in any sort of dramatic way our view of the remaining half of this year.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. I know you mentioned reform -- talked about reform briefly. But I know last time, you said you really hadn't had a lot of exchange-related contracting discussion. I'm just curious if you -- if that has changed in any way at this point over the last 3 months?
Steve G. Filton: I think it's fair to say, I mean, we've negotiated exchange contracts in most of our markets. I think, to a large degree, it -- those are with existing payers, and I think in most cases, it is either sort of an add-on or an extension of existing contracts that we have. I think that the real activity and the real changes are going to incur as enrollment takes place and it becomes apparent which exchanges get the greatest amount of market share, and they may be looking to change their networks, et cetera. So I think our view is that we're going to continue to be in a pretty kind of status quo sort of situation until this whole exercise plays out for another few months.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe lastly, I'll just ask you a couple of specific things on the psych business. Your legal expense of $4 million to $5 million in the quarter related to the investigations there. Is that unusually high because it's just ramping up, or is that sort of a run rate in your mind? And then also, just with the volume remaining strong, has your target on capacity additions there been tweaked in any way?
Steve G. Filton: Well, as to the legal fees question, I'd love to be real precise about what the ongoing obligation is. But as you might imagine, unfortunately, these are largely out of our control. Those fees are mostly incurred in response to the government's subpoena. And we certainly work with and talk to the government and try and manage the scope of the response as reasonably as possible. But again, we respond to what the government has asked for basically. I do think there's sort of a front-end loading aspect of this. We sort of go from 0 to 60 almost immediately, as we begin to ramp up the effort to respond. But I would also say these are clearly going to be continuing fees. We would hope that they decline as we move forward. We would hope that the issue is resolved quickly. Obviously, we believe, for the most part, that there are not any significant problems in the segment. So that's our point of view. But difficult for us to project how this is going to go going forward. As to your last question or second question about capacity, we are very focused about the opportunities to expand capacity throughout the division, both in terms of responding to current dynamics. We operate right now at occupancy levels in the mid-70s, which means that there are a number of facilities that operate at occupancy levels that are quite a bit higher than that. I mentioned in my remarks that we opened a new 80-bed facility in the quarter. And we continue to work aggressively to add capacity, both to meet current demands, and to the degree that demands increase as a result of reform, we want to be in a position to respond to that as quickly as possible.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Steve, just one more question, I guess, on Vegas. If you look at the economic data, especially employment data, looks like things started getting slightly better, even back in 2011. We're seeing it in -- I guess D.C. is another one of your markets where we're seeing similar types of real strong trends. Why do you think it's taking this long? I know you talked about a little bit of an improvement in 4Q and you talked a little bit last quarter. But it seems like Vegas really improved this quarter. So I'm curious what do you think creates that lag and do you think that's indicative of maybe some of the other markets to come as well?
Steve G. Filton: Josh, I mean, I'm not sure that I'm the macroeconomic expert on this, but I will say that the lag that we're talking about is one that seems to have existed for a long time. We have seen it in previous economic downturns. And by the way, I think we see it on the way down, as well as on the way up. So if you go back and you look at the Vegas results, I mean, the economy in Vegas, and the real estate market, really began to collapse in '07. And we didn't really feel that pinch in our Vegas hospitals until late in '08. So we definitely experienced that lag on the way down, seem to be experiencing it on the way up. I think from sort of an anecdotal perspective, we view it as, as people get employed or reemployed, they don't necessarily have their benefits kick in immediately. And even when their benefits do kick in, I think that there is a natural sort of human reaction that the first thing you do when you get your job back or you get to a new job is you don't necessarily take 3 weeks off to have a hip replacement surgery or some other, we'll call it, sort of discretionary surgery. So I think that's the dynamic that you're seeing. And again, that was our expectation in the Vegas market, and it seems to at least be starting to play out in Q2. Will we see the same thing in other markets? Again, that's our expectation. It's a little bit hard to predict, but that certainly is our expectation.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And I think last quarter, you mentioned that surgeries were still weak in the Vegas market. I guess that was -- some of that was calendar, we know, et cetera. Did you get a rebound in surgeries as well?
Steve G. Filton: Somewhat. I think we saw our inpatient surgeries, which have been, quite frankly, declining for a number of consecutive periods, sort of flattened out in Q2. So it was a relative improvement. And I think, along with payor mix improvements, that certainly helped to drive the strong revenue growth in the quarter.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got you. And then just parsing out the 1.6 same-store add that's [ph] on the acute side of the business. Could you give us a monthly progression? Just curious, was a lot of it April? You guys spoke last quarter about a good April when you reported. I'm just curious how May and June looked.
Steve G. Filton: I don't have it in front of me, Josh. But again, I think that when we commented on April in our first quarter call, we were really trying to reassure people that the weakness in March seemed to be relatively transient. My sense of the second quarter is that there were not huge differences in the months. It might have got a little stronger as the quarter went on, but there were not huge ups and downs in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci with Lazard Capital Management.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Steve, I'm not sure if I missed it. Did you quantify any of the buckets of sort of payor mix seemingly improved, but just wondering how specific you could be on each of the moving parts there.
Steve G. Filton: So I think, Tom, in the quarter, the improvements came in our HMO volumes, our commercial volumes, which, again, have been down pretty consistently for the last few periods and were sort of flat in quarter 2. Medicare, traditional Medicare, was still declining in the quarter, but by a little bit of a slower rate than it's been. And Managed Medicare was up pretty strongly in the quarter. So I think those were the big changes that, again, tended to contribute to the strong revenue growth in the quarter.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just following up on one from earlier. You mentioned sort of the cost from the physician practices and employment as being sort of a shorter-term issue. Can you just remind us on sort of the outlook in your strategy there? I mean, should we be expecting you to buy more of those over time or have you done a lot of what you expect to do? Any perspective on that would be helpful.
Steve G. Filton: I think what we've -- our comments in the past have reflected is that we, along with, I think virtually all of our peers, have a view that as we move forward into kind of the new health care landscape that physicians and hospitals will need to be and will be more closely aligned. Unlike, I think, some of our peers, we've not sort of taken the position that the only way to accomplish that is through physician ownership and employment. And so we really view it as a market-by-market kind of an issue, and we're pursuing different strategies in different markets. But bottom line is, I think that we are working towards closer physician alignment in all of our markets. I think in some of our markets, that will mean more physician employment. But I think our biggest focus right now is in integrating the physician practices that we've acquired or that we've -- the physicians that we've employed, getting those practices more efficient, reducing the costs and the losses, and then, just very judiciously, doing additional employment and additional acquisition where it's competitively required.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Steve, outside of exchanges, can you give us just a sense of how much your managed care book you've negotiated for 2014? Maybe what the rates you're getting compared to this year? And then, more generally, is there more pressure or changes that you're seeing on how contracts are structured, whether be in terms of more pay-for-performance or taking on greater risk, et cetera?
Steve G. Filton: Sure, Ralph. So I think probably at this point, I would say a good 2/3 to 3/4 of our 2014 commercial book have been negotiated. I think our rate increases are sort of comfortably in that 5% to 6% range. And generally, I would say we're not seeing huge changes in terms of more pay-for-performance, more quality, more payments tied to quality metrics, narrower networks. I think it's more business as usual than not. Again, I think our expectation is that over time and over the next few years, we will see those kinds of changes implemented more frequently. But at the moment, it's not like we're seeing a big surge of activity.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then can you give any update on impact of DSH on guidance or how you're thinking about it? I think last time, you sort of sized it as a $50 million headwind when you issued guidance, which I think was before the proposal that was a little bit better. So any updated thoughts there?
Steve G. Filton: Yes. So I think you've described it in an understated way, Ralph. You're absolutely right. We had about a $50 million annual reduction embedded in our guidance. So about 1/4 of that was embedded in our 2013 guidance for the fourth quarter. In fact, at least the preliminary rule that CMS issued would reduce that impact for us from $50 million annually to something more like $5 million. We've chosen not to revise our guidance or reflect that in any way at the moment for 2 reasons. One is the rule remains a preliminary rule. And while we believe that the final rule will largely resemble it, we'd certainly feel better when it's actually issued. And then, finally, I mean, the other issue that we have that caused us to have kind of back-end weaker guidance is we have, as I noted in my opening remarks, the opening of a new hospital in Temecula in Q4. And while we, I think, have a pretty decent sense of what the pre-opening costs will be, the actual results of the hospital and its impact on our surrounding hospitals are always hard to predict. So given that unknown variable, I think we're comfortable leaving guidance where it is at the moment.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just last one, if I could. Can you talk maybe about your cash flow expectations for the year? I know some of the bigger projects are somewhat behind. So just kind of wondering what the step up in cash flow this year and maybe into next year. And just your general appetite, debt paydown versus share repo and/or more aggressive on the acquisition plans or even perhaps, on expansion as you talked earlier.
Steve G. Filton: The -- again, the variable in cash flow, obviously, is our earnings. And then, given the fact that we're leaving guidance unchanged, I would say that there's no change in that outlook. I think we're on pace to spend something close to the $375 million or so in CapEx that we guided to for 2013. You're correct that our big project, Temecula, will be finished this year. But -- and we certainly have not, in detail, completed our 2014 capital planning process. But I would generally say that I think we would think about our 2014 capital expenditures as being fairly comparable, maybe a little lower than '13. But as we think about adding new bed capacity in behavioral, as I alluded to in a previous answer, as we think about continuing to invest, particularly in the outpatient business on the acute side of the business, I think just generally, I think we see our capital spending continuing at roughly the current rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg with Susquehanna.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I was wondering if you could be any more specific with regard to the outperformance in the Vegas market or, on the flip side, just the relative underperformance outside of Vegas. I'm just trying to gauge the magnitude of what's happening in the distinct markets.
Steve G. Filton: Yes, Chris, I mean, I think we try and avoid real specific discussions of individual markets only because it really gets to be sort of a granular discussion that I don't know is terribly appropriate for a forum like this. I mean, obviously, we have the sort of unique dynamic of folks being able to look at our minority interest line, which includes both our Vegas market and our Washington, D.C. market, and have a little bit of sense of what's going on. And you can see from that line that there's a fairly significant improvement in both of those markets in the quarter. And obviously, what that suggest is, I think somebody mentioned before or maybe we did, that there's some offsetting weakness elsewhere in the portfolio. I think beyond that, we're not really anxious to get into real detailed specifics about the individual market performance.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then just over the last, looks like, 3 or 4 quarters, we've seen sort of this inflection between the charity care number and the doubtful accounts. I guess, has there been any -- since we've sort of seen that inflection on the collectibility of the AR, do you feel comfortable with sort of the reserving there?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I think the change that really is being reflected this quarter and was reflected last quarter, and I think we commented on it last quarter, is we did make a change in our charity care policy, which quite frankly, had the impact of allowing fewer folks to qualify for charity care and thus, allowing us to try and collect from a larger number of people. And really, I think it results in this sort of cosmetic shift that you see, which is a big increase in bad debt and a reduction in charity care and uninsured discount. I think our comment in Q1 was that, ultimately, we didn't think that it would have a material impact on our collections. We just thought that, around the edges, it might help us just collect a few more incremental dollars here and there. And that's really what drove the decision. And I don't think that view has changed at all this quarter. So I think the dynamics you saw in Q2 were a repeat of Q1. And I think our comments would be largely the same.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A few things I just wanted to follow up on. First, as it relates to the same-store operating margin in behavioral. I'm assuming you're including the legal costs in the same-store group. So that would imply, excluding those, it was about a 40 or 50 basis point improvement. Is that how I should interpret that, Steve?
Steve G. Filton: That's correct, Darren.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, just as it relates to the professional liability reserves, when you sort of back that number up to a pre-tax number, it is pretty significant, and we've seen some fairly consistent numbers like this over the last several years as favorable adjustments. And I guess the question here is, can you just maybe update us a little bit on your process for actuarial reviews and whether you think you need to embed a different assumption going forward, given the experience that you've been having?
Steve G. Filton: Sure, Darren. I mean, I think that, as you note, we have now had a series of favorable adjustments to our malpractice reserves over the last few years. And I think they are driven by, really, 2 dynamics. One is our actual experience, which has tended to be good, obviously. And that's driven by our own quality improvements and focus on risk management and risk reduction, as well as tort reform in a number of the states, particularly in the important states in which we operate, including Texas, Nevada and Florida. And then, secondly, I think there is a methodology issue. Our actuaries, historically,, have used a combination of UHS-specific experience as well as industry data to do their calculations. Over time, I think they have shifted more and more of that emphasis to UHS-specific data. I think that with this last adjustment, they have completely shifted to 100% UHS-specific data. And because we have outperformed the industry, every time they have made that shift, we have benefited from that. So I think at this point, I think we feel like, from a methodology perspective, because we now are -- our actuary is now basing their calculations entirely on our own experience, we ought to be on a more steady and reliable trajectory. So I think our view is that we have probably seen the last of these large adjustments.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful context. And if I just put that number into perspective, I mean, what time period would it have covered? So if I think about just a quarterly run rate that might be lower, what is it?
Steve G. Filton: So I mean, I think most of the adjustment is related to -- I mean, the entire adjustment is related to prior year. The nature, as you might expect, of actuarial work is there's far greater confidence on the historical period, where they can really -- they see developed losses, et cetera. I think on an ongoing basis, we would expect our malpractice expense maybe to benefit by a few million dollars a year. But again, I mean, I think what the $65 million adjustment really reflects is just simply that, in prior years, we were overstating our provision for malpractice in those years. I think -- in other words, Darren, I think we think the current year is pretty properly stated.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a couple of other things. On your net leverage, you're below 3x based on our calculations, and we haven't seen you get below that since you did the PSI deal, I guess. Can you just comment a little bit more about how you're thinking about leverage and kind of, go forward, what you think the right level of leverage might be for the company?
Steve G. Filton: Well, look, I think the context of your question is helpful in my answer, Darren, and that is I think we feel like we felt before we did the PSI deal. And that is to run at a leverage level that allows us sort of maximum flexibility to respond to compelling opportunities. We're about to enter into, we'll call it, the health reform era. We continue to look for ways to take advantage of that. We've talked about expanding capacity in behavioral. We've talked about investing briefly, we've talked about investing briefly in outpatient opportunities on the acute side. As far as other M&A opportunities, we are looking at all of those in both of our business segments carefully and closely. And we feel like we have the balance sheet flexibility to respond to those as they arise. And that's, I think, largely the way that we look at them.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Last thing, just on the Temecula project. I know you've guided us to some bigger start-up costs in Q4. I wanted to just ask how you feel about those numbers going into the opening, we're getting closer. And then, Alan, I know you guys put this project off a little bit. How do you feel about opening in that market at this juncture, given where the economy is there and where things stand?
Steve G. Filton: So I'll comment on the numbers first and then let Alan comment about more of the strategic approach with the project. But from a numbers perspective, and I think I tried to say this in response to somebody earlier, we obviously have a pretty good idea of what we're going to spend to get the facility open. And I think we're very comfortable about coming closely within that budget. The facility will then open in probably early September. And what happens after that, for the last 3 or 4 months of the year, that's certainly something that we have less sort of control and less visibility over, both in terms of what happens at Temecula, the new hospital itself, as well as what happens in our nearby hospitals. So that's the piece that I think we think has, at least in the short term, a greater degree of uncertainty. And that's why I mentioned that before. As far as sort of putting it into context strategically, I'll let Alan talk about that.
Alan B. Miller: Yes, well, there's a dance between when you have to build a hospital and when -- how long you can develop it. Also, with an eye to competition, you want to keep competition out. So that's what we've done. We have locked up this market a number of years ago. And we're very excited about the fact that we now have Inland, Rancho, Corona, Temecula, we have a very strong strategic market position, and the hospital will open. And we have developed it for as long as we possibly could. And now it will open in September, and we'll be off and running.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just wanted to revisit something from earlier in the call. Sorry. Just going back to length of stay on the behavioral business, Steve. Just want to make sure, is that still primarily RTC, I presume?
Steve G. Filton: It is, Gary.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And has the situation evolved with respect to, at all, which states are primarily driving that?
Steve G. Filton: As I think is often the case with any dynamic, it's certainly there. It's a little bit by geography. I think we've called out, for instance, the State of Kentucky, which has moved to much more of a managed Medicaid system, as being particularly stringent. But it certainly is not something that we could only point to 1 or 2 geographies and say, look, this is very specific to this 1 geography, 1 or 2 geographies. It is a pretty pervasive dynamic. Certainly, there are some states and some managed payers that are particularly more aggressive about trying to limit length of stay. But it's a pretty pervasive dynamic in the residential space within Medicaid payers.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And any sense, I guess, when we first started seeing this, we thought perhaps there would be some pressure on length of stay, but maybe some acceleration eventually in terms of readmissions, I guess, for lack of a better word, as some of these patients are sort of recycled through the system. That dynamic doesn't really appear to be happening.
Steve G. Filton: Well, admissions remain strong, both in our residential and acute segments. So I don't know if that's a result of the dynamic that you're suggesting. We do keep track of readmissions, but it's not entirely clear whether admissions are benefiting, if you will, from this sort of recurring admission, if you will. But just generally, I think our sense is that we're approaching, I think our clinical people would argue we've already gotten to the point of sort of diminishing efficiencies of having this length of stay reduced, again, particularly from a clinical perspective. So our sense is that we ought to be reaching the bottom of this soon.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo Securities.
Ryan K. Halsted - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: This is Ryan Halsted, on for Gary. Most of my questions have been addressed. So I thought I'd just ask, I'd be curious if you had any thoughts on the delay in the employer mandate. Just any thoughts in general or specific to how it might affect your business?
Alan B. Miller: Yes, the delay is probably not going to have a great effect because it -- the employers, most of the employers are going to -- or the large companies are going to have coverage anyway. But the only thing I want to mention here is that it is a long delay. And all we've been seeing in Congress about the delays and these votes that they're taking to overturn it, I just think it's -- it looks like a waste of time because of the Senate being democratic and the President. So I just think things are going to roll out a little more slowly, but it's going to happen. And whatever effect we expected will be happening.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There appears to be no further questions at this time.
Steve G. Filton: Okay. We thank everybody for their time, and we look forward to speaking with everybody next quarter.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Secretary Alan B. Miller - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee
Analysts: Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Ryan K. Halsted - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Keisha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Universal Health Services Q1 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve G. Filton: Good morning. I'm Steve Filton. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2013. During the conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $1.21 for the quarter. After adjusting each quarter's reported results for the items disclosed on the supplemental schedule included with last night's earnings release, adjusted net income attributable to UHS increased 8% to $1.22 per diluted share during the first quarter of 2013 as compared to $1.13 per diluted share during the first quarter of last year. On a same-facility basis, revenues in our behavioral health division increased 2.4% during the first quarter of 2013. Adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 0.6% and adjusted patient days were relatively flat during the first quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 2.6% during the first quarter of 2013 over the comparable prior year quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year increased to 28.4% during the quarter ended March 31, 2013, as compared to 26.8% during the comparable prior year period. On a same-facility basis in our acute division, revenues increased 0.7% during the first quarter of 2013. The increase resulted primarily from a 1.5% decrease in adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year and a 2.2% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same-facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals decreased to 16.0% during the first quarter of 2013 from 19.0% during the first quarter of 2012. Our acute care hospitals provided charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates amounting to $230 million and $312 million during the 3-month periods ended March 31, 2013, and 2012, respectively. The decrease in charity care and uninsured discounts recorded at our acute care hospitals during the first quarter of 2013 as compared to the first quarter of 2012 was offset by an increase in the provision for doubtful accounts, which amounted to $218 million during the first quarter of 2013 as compared to $125 million during the first quarter of 2012. As a percentage of acute care net revenues, bad debts, charity care expense and the uninsured discount in this year's first quarter were at levels higher than those experienced during the first quarter of 2012. However, due primarily to the increase in behavioral health revenues and the very low levels of bad debt and uninsured discounts in that business, our overall percentage of bad debts, charity care and uninsured discounts were lower than those experienced during the first quarter of 2012. Our cash from operating activities was approximately $188 million during the first quarter of 2013 as compared to $127 million in the first quarter of 2012. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased slightly to 56 days during the first quarter of 2013. As previously disclosed, our accounts receivable days outstanding have been inflated somewhat by an increase in receivables from the state of Illinois. As of March 31, 2013, our accounts receivable include $72 million due from Illinois, the collection of which has been delayed by budgetary and funding pressures experienced by that state. However, thus far, in April 2013, we have received approximately $42 million of cash payments from Illinois, a substantial portion of which applies to the state's outstanding receivables as of March 31, 2013. At March 31, 2013, our ratio of debt to total capitalization was 56.4%. We spent $96 million on capital expenditures during the first quarter. Included in those capital expenditures were the construction costs related to the ongoing construction of a new acute care hospital in Temecula, California. Alan and I are pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of questions, if I could. First of all, obviously, there's been a lot of discussion about the volumes and the softness of volumes due part -- at least in part to the calendar. I'd love to get your perspective on the extent to which you believe the calendar may have impacted to this quarter? And also, any early read on April where maybe the calendar would swing more favorable?
Steve G. Filton: Sure, A.J. So I think, actually, historically, as a company, we tended not to point to the calendar as explanatory to changes in volumes. But this quarter, it's hard to get away from it. Obviously, we have one less day for leap year and that affects both of our business segments. And then we have Easter occurring in March of this year, and last year, it occurred in April. It's always difficult to sort of frame what the impact is of those sorts of things. But one thing that I think we look to and certainly has caught our attention is that our April volumes in both of our business segments have rebounded fairly measurably. So I think it reinforces the idea that there may have been some shift in business from March into April. Difficult to quantify in any sort of precise way, but certainly that's the feel that we have.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Maybe 2 more things on that. There's some discussion that, especially the Easter shift, had had a pronounced effect on commercial volumes even in the midst of soft volumes, generally. Did you guys see that? And also, we -- I would like to say we don't typically talk about it too much on the behavioral side, but can you comment on how the calendar might have affected the behavioral business specifically? Does it have impact on both the volume and price? Or is it more just volume?
Steve G. Filton: Yes. So from a payor mix perspective, we saw trends, I think, continue in the quarter of declining commercial volume, declining Medicare volume, and more particularly, both managed Medicare and managed Medicaid volume. And yes, that's an unfavorable trend. But to be fair, it's not a trend that's particularly new to this quarter. So if the calendar exacerbated that sum, that's hard to tell. And unlike volumes, which we can see improving or rebounding in April, I cannot really -- I don't have a read on payor mix in April, so I can't really comment on that. As far as the behavioral business goes, I think that, obviously, leap year is just a mathematical sort of calculation and I think, again, it's affects both businesses equally. As far as the holiday goes, I think, historically, those kinds of holiday shifts have had more of an impact on the residential business than the acute behavioral business because kids tend to go home for the holidays, et cetera. And again, we saw -- we definitely saw some weakness in the residential business in the quarter. Absolutely not a new phenomenon, but it certainly could have been exacerbated by the calendar.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, on your acute care margin trend, that is sort of consistent with what you showed for a while now. Would you attribute that largely to the top line pressure, the volume pressure? Or would you -- I think last time you called out some physician costs. Is that still -- are you still seeing that as well?
Steve G. Filton: Yes. I think that primarily the pressure comes from the fact that our same-store revenue grew by less than 1%. As we've talked about many times, it's difficult to drive any sort of margin improvement or expansion with revenues that are not a little more robust than that. But also, as you suggest, A.J., and as we talked about last quarter and I think folks can see on the other operating expense line, we continue to have some growth in that line that's a result of our increased activity in physician employment and physician acquisition.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Crédit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just staying on the volume topic. Steve, you usually go through the geographic markets during Q&A so I was hoping you could that, if there's anything sort of worth highlighting, Vegas, Texas, et cetera?
Steve G. Filton: Ralph, I mean, actually, from a kind of a gross volume perspective, Vegas had a relatively decent quarter compared to the rest of the portfolio. But one of the phenomena that we saw beyond just kind of a sheer volume weakness or gross volume weakness in the quarter was just a lack of intensity or acuity, surgical weakness. Surgeries were down 5%, both in- and outpatient surgeries approximately. And those phenomena, along with the payor mix dynamics that I talked about with A.J., were clearly present in the Vegas market, and for the most part, present throughout the portfolio.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then just going to the behavioral side, can you talk about the margins there? Obviously, a very strong result considering the soft top line. Is that sustainable? Should we be thinking about investments that you need to make ahead of 2014? Or maybe just how do you think about that margin profile as we think ahead?
Steve G. Filton: Look, I think we've talked about that, in general, when same-store revenues grow by 2.5%, it's tough, even in the behavioral segment, to drive margin expansion, so we were particularly pleased by the results in Q1. I think the operators, obviously, are doing a great job there. I think we're still getting some benefit, as we've talked about, in the improvement in the PSI portfolio margins. We said that we would improve those margins during '12 and '13. We think we got a lot of that improvement in '12, but I think there was a little bit more to go. We certainly got some more of it in the first quarter. I don't think we can sustain EBITDA growth at 9% every quarter with only 2.5% revenue growth. But I think it's reflective of the opportunity in that business to continue to expand margins as long as we can continue to grow the top line, and I don't see any reason why we can't.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just my last one. Want to talk about sort of about next year and exchanges. Have you -- I guess, at this point, have you negotiated exchange contracts? If you have, can you give us a sense of what percentage maybe of the book you've maybe negotiated? And any color on kind of the rates that you're getting on the exchange?
Steve G. Filton: Our commentary in that regard is really pretty consistent. We've negotiated really a small number of exchange contracts. For the most part, they've been negotiated at our average or maybe slightly below our average commercial rates, but in that neighborhood. But it is -- it remains a small number of contracts. And at least right now, I don't think the pace of those contract negotiations are picking up. So we anticipate, obviously, that will occur later this year. We anticipate that they will occur again at something pretty close to our average commercial rates, but that remains to be seen.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just to follow up maybe on Vegas and then maybe some of B.C. in there as well. The BLS data is showing some improvement in the unemployment trends, specifically in those markets. And I'm curious, are you seeing any change in those specific markets around levels of insurance or anything else that would indicate maybe some economic stability?
Steve G. Filton: Well, Josh, I mean, I think we talked about this a little bit in Q4. I think we saw some improvement in the Vegas market in Q4 consistent, as you suggest, with some of the overarching kind of microeconomic data that has been coming out of that market for the last few quarters. I don't think -- Q1 was clearly weaker in that market, but as we've discussed and as some of our peers have discussed, that weakness seems to be far more pervasive than just a single market here or there. So I don't know how to read the Q1 Vegas performance or how to reconcile that to the improving market data that continues to come out of that market. Our general expectation is market's improving. You get that from the data. I think you get that if you're in the market. You just have a sense that it's picking up. And the expectation's we'll begin to feel that in our business fairly consistently in due time, although I think we've been pretty transparent about the fact that we're not at that point just yet.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right, right. And no discernible change in benefit level, trends or things like that, that have increased co-pays and deductibles?
Steve G. Filton: I know there's been a fair amount of conversation after the 2 pre-announcements in phase this quarter that maybe there's been a big pickup in high deductible plans, et cetera. Honestly, I think, as a provider and I assume more peers would say much the same thing, we're not in a great position to have a lot of data to support that. From what I've read, the managed care companies sort of indicate that high deductible plans and the like continue to grow and gain market share but not in a terribly dramatic way. So I don't know that anybody, including us, is really chalking up the first quarter weakness, particularly the late first quarter weakness, to dramatic changes in benefit plan designs.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And just last one for me, Steve, just on guidance. Could you help us, what do you have included in your guidance with respect to the fourth quarter around Medicare reimbursement? How are you thinking about IPPS? And then do you have DSH cuts included in there already?
Steve G. Filton: Well, we definitely have DSH cuts. We discussed that in our fourth quarter call, that we included DSH cuts based on a calculation that our DSH would be negatively impacted by about $50 million annually, so we've got a quarter of that in the fourth quarter of our guidance this year. As far as the IPPS rates, I don't have it right in front of me but my recollection is we were sort of in the flat to up 0.5% range for the IPPS rates beginning in October.
Operator: Your next question comes from Whit Mayo with Robert Baird.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Steve, I'm not sure if you have a great answer for this, but I'll take a stab anyway. Any thoughts on whether or not you guys think that CMS could make a determination on whether it declines to apply the IMD exclusion to the newly eligible Medicaid population? I know it's a tough question.
Steve G. Filton: And I'm sorry, Whit, you're asking me like what we think the likelihood of that is?
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes. Well, I mean, I know that CMS is reviewing whether or not they're going to apply the IMD exclusion or not, and I just was kind of curious on your updated thoughts or what you anticipate potentially happening.
Steve G. Filton: Right, right. And obviously, as an industry, the behavioral industry, including us, has pressed for that. And we think the IMD exclusion is not really sort of beneficial to the overall population, et cetera, and is just not a great idea and that there would be a lot of macro benefits to be had from it being lifted. We certainly have pressed and lobbied CMS, again, as an industry, to do so. But as with so many other things in terms of what the government will ultimately do, I think it's hard for us to give any sort of realistic projection or guesstimate on how that's going to play out. I think we think it will be decided, however, relatively soon. So we will know one way or the other relatively soon.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, okay. And I guess, even regardless of whether or not it applies to the newly expanded Medicaid population, there should potentially be a fairly large addressable site market with newer enhanced benefits. And do you think that there's an opportunity to accelerate some bed expansion projects to potentially capture some of this volume?
Steve G. Filton: So I think there's a few different issues. I mean, there are a number of, I'll call them, sort of regulatory decisions pending that I think stand to at least potentially benefit the behavioral business. The final regulations on the Mental Health Parity Legislation are due out, and our hopes would be that they strengthen those regulations and that they particularly address that -- or note that they are relevant and that they address the residential, as well as the acute business. So that's one area, the IMD exclusion is another area. So I think that our view is that those developments, as well as just reform in general and the newly expanded or newly insured population that will arise as a result of reform, all should potentially create more behavioral demand in existing to -- in addition, quite frankly, to the existing demand that we continue to try and meet. So we're always looking at our behavioral expansion program and seeing if there are ways that we can accelerate it and make it sort of responsive to where that -- we believe that demand either exist today, specifically in focus markets or where we think it will develop. So that's a big focus of our behavioral health management team as we move forward.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And maybe just one last final one, if you could spend just a second on capital priorities. Your leverage is now, I think, below 3x now. And just maybe an update on what you're thinking over the balance of this year.
Steve G. Filton: I think, again, our commentary here is going to be consistent with what it's been historically and that is we remain relatively agnostic about capital deployment. Meaning, we're anxious to deploy capital wherever we think it's going to earn the greatest return. We just talked about earning those returns in terms of organic expansion within our behavioral business that's clearly an area where we're going to continue to focus. But we also are looking at M&A opportunities in behavioral. We'll continue to look at M&A opportunities in acute. And there's a lot of commentary from our peers that, that pipeline is as active as it's ever been. We've tended to be, I think, a little more judicious than some of our peers about acting on some of those opportunities, but we're absolutely evaluating them. We continue to invest and reinvest in our acute care business. I mentioned in my comments about our Temecula, California hospital, which is opening late in the year. So we're just going to continue to do what we've always done, which is try and deploy capital in the most efficient way to earn the highest returns.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Rigg with Susquehanna.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I just want to clarify some comments earlier. I think you said you saw some volume weakness in the acute care side, specifically in the managed Medicaid and Medicare Advantage side. And I guess I just -- if I did hear that correctly, are you implying that you actually saw fewer people walk through the door of the hospital? Or you've just seen sort of a -- like some of your other peers have talked about an increase in observation visits that have sort of put pressure actual inpatient admissions?
Steve G. Filton: No, I'm sorry, Chris, if I misspoke, I apologize or if I wasn't clear enough. What I talked about when talking about our payor mix dynamics was that we saw less commercial business and less traditional Medicare business and more managed Medicaid and managed Medicare business in the quarter.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then just with regard to Texas, in the Southern Texas market, you've had a couple of the Medicaid HMOs talk about some retroactive payment updates and you're seeing them also talk about pushing some of that along to their provider side, not necessarily hospitals per se. But I guess, are you guys expecting anything beneficial on the Texas Medicaid side, given what the managed care guys are seeing?
Steve G. Filton: Hard to say. I would say that I don't think we're necessarily seeing that now. No, I don't think that we've really -- we've seen some pressure on utilization and length of stay as a result of the penetration of managed Medicaid in those South Texas markets, similar to what we've seen when managed Medicaid or Medicare comes to any market. I don't know that it's been a huge needle mover in the market. And if there is to be some relief going the other way, maybe some rate relief, I don't think we've seen it yet, but we're certainly well positioned to take advantage of it if that's going to be the case.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, just a follow-up on the M&A question a minute ago. I mean, when you think about pricing, particularly on the acute side, do you -- are you guys viewing the Affordable Care Act as a game changer in sort of takeout multiples going forward? Or I guess, I just want to get your sense in terms of where the M&A environment is evolving to given the changes we're going to have next year.
Steve G. Filton: It's a complicated question and I don't think there's an easy answer to it. I think that,, as we look at potential acquisition opportunities, and in the same way we look at our own business, we certainly view the Affordable Care Act and the infusion of a newly insured population as generally in that benefit in almost all markets and for most hospitals. But we also acknowledge that there's likely to be continuing rate pressures from government and private payors in the future. And so again, I think we're as much interested in the positioning of a potential acquisition target, where they are in the market, what their market share is, how well they're sort of positioned to integrate with physicians, et cetera. And again, all the same criteria we use to think about our own hospitals as much as we are about sort of the mathematics of reform and rate changes, et cetera. So all those dynamics come into play as we think about potential acquisitions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallucci with Lazard.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Just have a couple of follow-ups, Steve. On the exchanges, you mentioned not a lot of negotiations necessarily done at this point for yourselves. Are you seeing any other providers be more active? I know you typically have a pretty strong share in your markets. Do you think -- will those with less share are maybe offering narrow -- lower prices to get into narrower networks? Or do you any other dynamics going on more broadly in your markets that are of interest?
Steve G. Filton: No, Tom. I don't think that the lack of activity on our part is in any way unique or an indication of we're sort of lagging the activity in our markets. I think it's a reflection that the payors have been, I think, slow to move. And my sense is that a number of the payors, and maybe particularly some of the larger payors, are being very deliberate about making their decisions on what they're doing. And I think, to some degree, that's why this process is developing a little slower than people expected that it might. But no, it's not a question of we're not negotiating any rates but we're standing by as we see more competitors doing so. That's not the case.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, good. And then maybe just taking on the pricing side, just want to make sure you give us an update on your broader commercial negotiations and if there's any changes there, either in terms of rates or type of contracts, pushing more risk towards your way or anything like that.
Steve G. Filton: No, I think from a rate perspective, rates continue to be comfortably in that 5% to 7% range that we've talked -- rate increases that we've talked about for some time. And in terms of new and differing kinds of contracting with significantly narrower networks or risk taking, et cetera, while I think that's a subject of conversation in a lot of markets, the actual on-the-ground presence of those kinds of new arrangements is really very limited.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just shifting to behavioral real quick. Length of stay, obviously, it's been under pressure. I think you've commented in the past that you might have thought from a clinical perspective it would've bottomed already. Is there any signs of bottoming at this stage? Or it's just sort of more of the same?
Steve G. Filton: I think it's the latter. It's more of the same. I mean, I think, and I probably should have been clear about making this point before, I mean, we've talked before about the fact that as the pressure, particularly on length of stay, continues in the residential segment of the business, we continue where appropriate, to convert beds to acute behavioral, to shift beds to acute behavioral. And again, I think that's part of the margin growth explanation even in a relatively muted revenue environment as we're shifting more business to the higher margin segment of the 2, from residential behavioral to acute behavioral. And frankly, I think we'll continue to do that because, again, as you suggest, we're not really seeing those dynamics change in the residential business. I mean, we saw length of stay decline again in the residential business in Q1 whereas length of stay in the acute behavioral business remained pretty stable.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: All right. Okay. And then last one. I know it's a smaller deal, but you've got your hands dirty a little bit there on Ascend. Any color that you could offer?
Steve G. Filton: I think for the most part, the Ascend acquisition is proceeding the way that we would have expected. There's always pluses and minuses in individual facilities. But again, we're very enthusiastic about that deal.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Ryan K. Halsted - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Ryan on for Gary. I guess, going back to the acute care volumes, I was wondering if you are specifically seeing a reversal in the trends away from observation stay in the quarter?
Steve G. Filton: I think observation visits increased year-over-year for us, although sequentially it certainly seems to indicate, at least again for us, that we're starting to see that activity level out some.
Ryan K. Halsted - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then moving on to the behavioral. Obviously, you've given a lot of color on the margin benefit and -- but I guess, has Ascend -- or did you see any margin benefit from the Ascend deal this quarter? And should we expect it to sort of ramp similar to the PSI deal?
Steve G. Filton: No, I think we've been clear that the Ascend margins, quite frankly, were already higher than ours, in large part because that was a business that was almost exclusively acute behavioral rather -- and didn't really have much of a residential component. And that we really thought that the improvement opportunity on the Ascend side was to increase capacity over time in facilities that were already running pretty high occupancy rates. So again, obviously, the Ascend numbers don't affect our same-store comparisons. But in terms of goosing our overall margins a little bit, they do that, although again it's a pretty small piece of business, so the moving of the needle is relatively minor.
Ryan K. Halsted - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then as far as the regulatory, I guess, factors that you listed that could impact 2014 and behavioral, I was just curious how you guys are thinking about some of the alternatives that the states are considering for Medicaid expansion. Is that something you guys are paying attention to in potentially impacting your behavioral business?
Steve G. Filton: Sure. I mean, I think, in general, we welcome any sort of insurance expansion. Generally, we're able to treat patients profitably that have some sort of insurance, whether it's government or private insurance. So these kind of negotiations between the states and the Feds and these nuances of exactly how insurance expansion is going to take place, we're certainly watching with interest, but at the end of the day, just generally have the sense that any insurance expansion that takes place is going to be beneficial to us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to go to the guidance. I guess, since I don't remember you actually specifically talking about it, that means that you're reaffirming it, but the -- just in particular some of the components with a weak start to the same-store revenue growth on both the acute and the behavioral side. Do you still feel good about that 2.5% to 3% top line growth and -- on acute and, I guess, 4% to 5% on behavioral? Or do you think that, that number may come in lower but there's cost items that kind of leave you comfortable with the EPS range?
Steve G. Filton: Sure, Kevin. So I think taking sort of the 2 business segments differently as we discussed in our guidance, our guidance is premised on acute care revenue growth in the 2.5%, 3% range for the year. We obviously fell short of that in Q1. Again, I think our general sense is that the latter half of Q1 was particularly weak. We attribute a lot of that to the calendar. Like I said, some of the rebound in April reinforces that notion for us. So I think we view that latter Q1 performance as largely an anomaly, so in our minds, there's no real change to our initial guidance and I don't fail to see. Otherwise, that will be the case. On the behavioral side, I think as we discussed in our end-of-the-year call, I think you're right. We were expecting review growth in the 4%, 4.5% range. Look, I think the Q1 performance is an indicator that on the behavioral side, we have some flexibility that even if we don't get there at the top line, we have an opportunity to get there from the EBITDA perspective and just gives us more reason to be comfortable with our initial guidance on the behavioral side.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. All right. That makes sense. Can you just also talk about the charity care number in the quarter? Was there a change in the charity care policy that kind of shifted the numbers between charity care and bad debt in the quarter? And is there a reason for that?
Steve G. Filton: I don't think an actual change in policy, Kevin, but I will say from a practical application perspective, we certainly got a bit more aggressive about qualifying people for charity care. Meaning, I think less people qualify for charity care and more people went through the actual collection process in the hopes that, in the end, we would collect and net a little bit more incrementally. Now at the end of the day, it creates this fairly significant cosmetic shift because to the degree that we don't collect, more of that is reflected as bad debt than is reflected as charity care. But in the end, the overall uncompensated care totals didn't change dramatically and largely came in as we -- where we expect it and so I don't think it was a significant bottom line issue in the quarter.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then actually just going back to guidance for a second. Oftentimes, there's a delta between where consensus is and maybe where you guys are internally. Do you guys view Q1 as an in-line quarter versus your own plan?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I think that the overall results for the quarter were in line with our own expectations, although they broke out, as I'm sure they did in most people's models, with better-than-expected behavioral performance and slightly lower than expectations on the acute side.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, makes sense. And then lastly, any update on the subpoena that you guys announced last quarter?
Steve G. Filton: No. For the most part, as you might expect, it was a broad subpoena, so we're in the process of gathering the documents that have been requested, which is a fairly significant effort in and of itself. That will continue for some time and then I suspect it will take the government some time to sort through it. So my guess is that there may be no update on this for a while, but certainly not for this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a few things left here. I want to just go back to the volume question, Steve, wondering if you have a read it all on ER visits in the quarter. Just curious how that trended for you and whether just less traffic there also was a contributor.
Steve G. Filton: Yes, ER visits we're relatively flat compared to the prior year quarter, which, again, I think was fairly consistent with our adjusted admission activity. The 2 of those usually mirror each other pretty closely. So it was sort of consistent with a more muted activity. We've seen ER visits growing by more than that in the previous quarters to this.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sure. Okay. That's helpful. And then, I guess, a couple broader topics. One is just health care, IT implementation and just wondering how that's progressing. Sometimes, big projects like that can take on their own lives. I'm just curious how that's going for you guys.
Steve G. Filton: We began the actual implementation of our EHR system into our hospitals after the design phase in the middle of 2011, right around July of 2011. And the plan that we had at the time was to have all 25 of our acute care facilities converted by July of 2013, basically a 24-month run rate. And I know we're only a few months away from that, and we believe we're going to meet it from a timing perspective. And to the credit of a bunch of our internal personnel, that process has gone really without any sort of major disruption, which is quite an accomplishment so we're very pleased with the way that's gone. And you don't see me, but I'm knocking on wood to just to ensure that we finish up in the same fashion.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's great. So I guess all the -- the D&A guidance that's built in EPS will stand then in terms of you starting to depreciate all that?
Steve G. Filton: I mean, D&A will ramp up as the year goes on, as more and more facilities come live on EHR. And then obviously, in Q4, it will ramp up again when we open our Temecula facility.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then I guess just -- I don't know if Alan is still in the room but just wanted to get some comments. Sometimes you give us some commentary on just physician employment activity and alignment activity. I know that alignment strategy has been a big focus for you guys in many of your markets. How do you see that playing out? And how are some of those trends impacting your acute business?
Alan B. Miller: We are -- we're moving into that cautiously, and it's important that we position ourselves to build networks. And as the transition in the industry goes forward, we're going to be in a position to do very well with it. So we are -- we have put together a group that is buying up physician practices on a selective basis and managing them. And we are, I think, very well positioned to do networking and to be in a position to go after contracts as the exchanges come about, et cetera. But the business is in transition, as you well know.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And do you -- Alan, do you see yourselves taking on any risk? Just wondering if you're organizing yourself any differently to basically take some of the risk-based contracts or if that's just further down the road for you guys.
Alan B. Miller: It's down the road. There's an actuarial aspect to that. We're not in that business. But again, depending on how the networks shape up and who our potential partners might be, we'll consider anything along those lines.
Operator: Your next question comes from Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but I wanted to go back to this -- the charity care issue and the charity care policy. Was there any particular markets where they kind of precipitated the need for that? Or did you notice any kind of different pattern in those markets to result in this more aggressive attempt at collections?
Steve G. Filton: No, Frank, I think it was kind of an overall observation that maybe we -- that the pendulum had swung a little too far in terms of putting folks in the charity care designation when in fact there may have been an opportunity to collect at least some of their portion of the bill. But no, I don't think it was driven by a particular market. And like I said, I mean, I realize it has sort of a significant cosmetic impact on the income statement. I think, at the end of the day, while it was the right thing to do operationally, it's not going to have a huge -- make a huge difference to our results.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Just one other random one here. You mentioned on your early contracting with exchanges, without saying any names, could you characterize the kind of parties you're contracting with now? Is it Blue Cross'? Or was there -- how would you characterize those contracts that you have negotiated? And I'll hop off.
Steve G. Filton: Yes, the only thing I would say, Frank, is I think they tend to be some of the smaller contracts we have, so -- in none of the cases that the negotiated among our really large and significant contracts. Other than that, I'm not sure there's anything -- any sort of common theme to be drawn.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Campbell with Avondale Partners.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Really just have one here. I was just hoping maybe you guys could describe a little bit the systems you have in place to sort of flex costs to handle volumes. Clearly, volumes continue to be sort of a challenge. Some have done a better job than others, apparently, this quarter, of flexing those costs down. So I was just hoping maybe you could talk a little bit about what you guys do specifically to adjust to off changes in volumes in your markets?
Steve G. Filton: I mean, honestly, Kevin, I think we probably -- when I talk about we, I mean, our -- the for-profit industry tends to approach this in much the same way. We have some fairly sophisticated electronic systems for tracking and trying to match staffing levels to volumes literally on a shift by shift basis. The challenge for the industry, I think, in general for hospitals in general is that there's a significant amount of your staffing that is fixed and semi-fixed and is very difficult to adjust to in short increments and to quick changes in volumes. And that's the real challenge. But I think, much like our peers, we certainly try and adjust the volumes in as real a time as possible.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: What about your utilization of sort of contract nurses? Do you have a particularly -- any difference as you think versus peers, you use less of them?
Steve G. Filton: I'm sure we all have the same goal, which is to use as little outside agency nurses as possible just because I think, from a quality perspective and a cost perspective, it is preferable to not do so. But there certainly is a proper use for temporary nurses, when they truly are temporary. And it varies by market. There are markets where it is definitely more of a challenge to hire nurses than others. And again, we're very focused on that and trying to work through it as best as possible.
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just one question. Steve, is there any update on your Medicaid DSH in Texas coming through that reorganization of the UPL program into the uncompensated care pool and the regional health partner pool? Is there any piece of your 2013 guidance that's predicated on UPL funding that's not yet finalized? Or is that all in place?
Steve G. Filton: No, I think that all of our UPL revenue that we have in our guidance is based on established plans. Now I think as we disclosed in our 10-K, some of them are dependent on intergovernmental transfers that have to take place and contributions that have to be made by third parties. We expect that they will be made, but I think we disclosed that conditionality in our 10-K. But I think all the plans have been approved.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Justin Lake with JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A few questions here. First, Steve, you mentioned a measurable bounce back in volumes. I'm just curious if you can help us delineate -- is that measurable in your mind even beyond what we know as the calendar benefit you're going to get in April from the Easter passover shift?
Steve G. Filton: I mean, the way I think about it, Justin, is it just strikes me, and obviously we still have a few days to go in April, is that when we combine the March April volumes, that they will look sort of more normalized than either month on its own will have looked. And I think that was the challenge in Q1, is that March looked a lot weaker than any of us would have expected and that seems to have been an industry-wide issue, not just a UHS issue. I don't know how the other companies feel but I think we feel like when we look at April and March combined, again just from a volume perspective and just from a gross volume perspective, not talking about ER visits or surgical activity but just adjusted admissions, it's going to look more normal when the months are combined.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And March was down materially and so to get up -- to up slightly, which we kind of think of as normal, April is up fairly materially, is that right?
Steve G. Filton: Yes.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And beyond that, you mentioned the benefits of psych parity. So beyond more people getting new coverage in terms of the uninsured, obviously, we're going to see some better benefits within the existing individual and small group market. Can you -- is there anything you could do to try to help us quantify the potential impacts there just in terms of are there big copays and deductibles or are -- people are -- patients having to leave earlier than they typically would like to because they only have 10 days of coverage instead of 30-type of thing? Anything you can help us with there?
Steve G. Filton: I think it's difficult to do. I mean, there have been a number of pieces put out, some by analysts, some by the industry itself. I think that talk about tens of millions of people who either will have new coverage altogether or expanded coverage as a result of some of the dynamics that we're talking about. I think it's extremely difficult for us to take that sort of macro data and convert it to -- in any way to a precise opportunity for us. But I think the observation that we would have, and I think others have had as well, is that it's a fairly significant opportunity and one that, obviously, we're tracking very closely and will respond to as it arises. And we think about capacity expansion in all those other dynamics.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Then lastly, I just wanted to go back a couple of years in, I think, 2011. You had some really material hospital projects go online in terms of expansions. It's clear the business overall has been tough from there, but just wanted to get an update in terms of how those expansions have looked versus expectations and maybe even what kind of EBITDA you're generating from them versus, if I remember correctly, it was $400 million to $500 million of CapEx you spent on those 3 projects.
Steve G. Filton: So the 3 projects you're referring to are replacement hospitals that we built in Texoma, which is north of Dallas and Palmdale, which is north of L.A., and then the large patient tower addition that we did at our Summerlin facility in Las Vegas. I think as we've discussed over the period, the challenge has been, I think particularly in the California and Las Vegas markets, that we opened that capacity in the teeth of pretty significant recessionary challenges. And I think, in our minds, what that did was it extended the ramp-up period that we would have otherwise anticipated. And I think that's still the case. I mean, for sure, we don't feel like we're getting the full benefit of the Summerlin and Palmdale projects yet. I think we continue to feel that we ultimately will but not -- we're not quite there yet. On the Texoma side, I think -- which was a market that was less hurt by the recession, I think we really have benefited already and are earning pretty reasonable returns on that project already.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. Does that change your thoughts on capital deployment on the hospital side going forward in terms of increasing the hurdle rate for new projects or anything? Or you really just feel that this is a macro issue and it'll sort itself out?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I mean, obviously, if we had had perfect foresight, I'm not sure that we would have timed these projects to open in 2010 in 2 areas that were really hurt by the recession. But when the projects had begun 2 or 3 years earlier, obviously, we didn't have that perfect amount of foresight. So no, I mean, again, when we undertake projects like that, we do so because they make sense in the marketplace because the demand is there, because we think that the long-term positioning is correct. We're not really making short-term bets on the local economy or anything like that. So again, with perfect hindsight, we may have timed them differently but that's about it.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time from the phone lines. Are there any closing remarks?
Steve G. Filton: No, we'd just like to thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking with everybody next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-03-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Secretary
Analysts: Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Joanna Gajuk - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Glen M. Losev - WallachBeth Capital, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Ginger, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Universal Health Services Q4 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Steve Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve G. Filton: Thank you. Good morning. I'm Steve Filton. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the full year and fourth quarter ended December 31, 2012. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $4.53 for the year and $1.39 for the quarter. After adjusting for a reduction in malpractice reserves relating primarily to prior years, the gain on the sale of our Auburn facility and the incentive income and expenses associated with the implementation of electronic health record applications at our acute care hospitals, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share for the quarter ended December 31, 2012, was $1. Included in the quarter is an increase to our effective tax rate due to nondeductible transaction costs related to the Ascend acquisition. On a same-facility basis, revenues in our Behavioral Health division increased 4.5% during the fourth quarter of 2012. Adjusted admissions and patient days to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 5% and 0.5%, respectively, during the fourth quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 4% during the fourth quarter of 2012 over the comparable prior year quarter. We define operating margins as operating income or net revenue less salaries, wages and benefits, other operating expenses, supplies expense and doubtful accounts divided by net revenue. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year increased to 27.6% during the quarter ended December 31, 2012, as compared to 25.3% during the comparable prior year period. As discussed in the Form 10-K we filed last night, the OIG has served a subpoena requesting various documents concerning UHS and several of its behavioral facilities. At the present time, we're uncertain as to the focus, scope or extent of the investigation, liability of the facilities and/or potential financial exposure, if any, in connection with this matter. On a same-facility basis, in our acute division, revenues increased 3.1% during the fourth quarter of 2012. The increase resulted primarily from a 1.7% increase in adjusted admissions and a 1.4% increase in revenues per adjusted admission. On a same facility basis, operating margins for our acute hospitals decreased to 14.4% during the fourth quarter of 2012 from 15.5% during the fourth quarter of 2011. Our acute care hospitals provided charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates amounting to $206 million and $248 million during the 3-month periods ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. As a percentage of acute care net revenues, bad debts, charity care expense and the uninsured discount in this year's fourth quarter were at levels higher than those experienced during the fourth quarter of 2011. However, due primarily to the increase in behavioral health revenues and the very low levels of bad debt and uninsured discounts in that business, our overall percentage of bad debt to charity care and uninsured discounts were lower than those experienced during the fourth quarter of 2011. Our cash from operating activities was approximately $280 million during the fourth quarter of 2012, as compared to $156 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased to 56 days during the fourth quarter of 2012, as we continue to have a substantial Medicaid receivable from the state of Illinois. At December 31, 2012, our ratio of debt to total capitalization was 58%. We spent $81 million on capital expenditures during the fourth quarter. Included in our capital expenditures were the ongoing construction costs related to a new acute care hospital in Temecula, California. We opened a new bed tower at our Wellington hospital in West Palm Beach, Florida early in October. We opened a total of 270 new behavioral health beds at some of our busiest facilities in 2012. During 2013, we expect to spend approximately $360 million to $385 million on capital expenditures, which includes expenditures for capital equipment, renovations, new projects at existing hospitals and construction of new facilities. Excluding the favorable $0.13 per diluted share EHR impact described in our press release, our estimated range of earnings per diluted share attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2013, is $4.35 to $4.50 on projected net revenues of $7.4 billion. We are pleased to answer questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of A.J. Rice from UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of questions if I could ask. First of all, it's good to see that you, obviously, returned to the positive on the inpatient acute care volumes. Can you give us a little more flavor? Was that -- I mean, do you have a sense of how much, if any, the flu impacted that? Or maybe in terms of geographies, was that a Vegas-driven turn? Was that more broad based? Any color would be helpful.
Steve G. Filton: Sure, A.J. I think that, like everybody, we experienced a busier flu season this past winter than we have had in several years. Although, again, I think as most hospital providers have reported, for us, it was probably more of an ER dynamic and more ER visits than actual inpatient admissions. I think we believe we had a bit of a pickup in inpatient admissions, but don't believe it to be a material number or certainly a material impact from a financial statement perspective for the quarter. As far as the improved, I think, both volumes and payor mix in the acute division for the quarter, I think that strength was relatively pervasive throughout the division. It was not focused in 1 or 2 markets and just -- but more of a trend that we tended to see throughout the facilities and throughout the portfolio.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then if you -- on your 2013 guidance, I know you gave us the numbers for the HITECH incentives and so forth. How about just operating assumptions, are you assuming any kind of turn either in the acute business or steady state in the psych? Can you give us a little more flavors for some of the key underlying assumptions there?
Steve G. Filton: Yes. I think that the guidance for next year is generally premised on stabilizing trends underlying the business. On the acute side, I think that it is reflective of the sort of revenue growth that we saw in the third quarter. That is kind of in the 2.5%, 3% range split sort of evenly between pricing and volumes. Obviously, we have factored into our guidance, as have our peers, the effect of sequestration beginning in April and the effect of both the disproportionate share and coding cuts that will become effective in October as part of the Affordable Care Act. On the behavioral side, I think just generally more of the same, 4%, 5% revenue growth and mid-single-digit EBITDA growth. And then, obviously, we've got a full year of the Ascend facilities in our guidance for next year.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just the last question maybe. I don't know how much you can say on the OIG subpoena. But clearly, a lot of the regulatory and questions that have been related to the psych business over the, really, the last decade have been more clinical type of questions as opposed to billing questions. Is there any way to look at the wording of the thing and make any assessment as to whether it's -- which of those 2 directions it seems to be going?
Steve G. Filton: No. I think, A.J., as you suggest, the trend in behavioral care has been -- and these -- to have these investigations focus on clinical practices, and I would say that the content of the subpoenas would suggest that, that's largely the focus here. I will say that I believe the government often pursues a technique in which they try and tie together what they perceive to be clinical issues and quality deficiencies then with an argument that a false claim has been filed because there's not adequate care, et cetera. We have no idea if that's where the government is going in this case and certainly couldn't predict that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Barclays Capital.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just first question on the behavioral, Steve, following up. I think you said sort of 4% to 5% on the revenue growth. I think historically, you guys have targeted something sort of north of 5% -- 5%, 5.5%. Was there some of the bed conversion impact still going on? Or I'm just curious. Is that -- is 4% to 5% now a better sort of long-term behavioral health growth rate?
Steve G. Filton: Josh, I think that the key variable that has sort of tempered a little bit of our expectations from something a little bit higher than 5%, let's say, is the length-of-stay issue. As you saw in the press release and I reiterated in my prepared remarks, admissions grew a very solid 5% but -- or adjusted admissions grew 5%, but adjusted patient days only grew 0.5%. And obviously, the dynamic there is we continue to see length-of-stay compression, and because the vast majority of our reimbursement is on a per diem basis, that length-of-stay compression, which is very much focused in the residential component of our behavioral business, continues to temper our revenue growth. Now we speculate and we believe and I think from a clinical perspective, we particularly believe that there's a natural floor to that length-of-stay compression and reduction that at some point -- and I think our clinical people would argue we've probably passed that point -- the continued early discharge of these patients is really not a clinically effective treatment protocol. So we'll see. I mean, but I think our expectation that we grow at the current rates is that to continue to see those length-of-stay pressures.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So you're actually assuming another reduction in length of stay in the behavioral side for [indiscernible] ?
Steve G. Filton: I think we're assuming the trajectory continues as it is now.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Got you. And then just second question, you mentioned the coding and DSH cuts that are effective October. Can you size of those, maybe what your DSH payments were on both Medicare and Medicaid and just sort of give us a sense as to what the actual dollar impact you think could be in the fourth quarter?
Steve G. Filton: Yes. So I think the issue vis-à-vis the fourth quarter cuts from the ACA really are surrounding Medicare disproportionate share. Our annual Medicare disproportionate share reimbursement is in the neighborhood of a little over $100 million. We're assuming that about half of that goes away. I know there have been discussions on some of our peers' calls about some of the mechanics that go into that calculation, and we by no means can be terribly precise about it. But we're assuming about half of that goes away, so something like $50 million of DSH begins to be cut in the fourth quarter. Obviously, 1/4 of that is something in the neighborhood of $13 million or $14 million impact in the fourth quarter of '13.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And that's just the fourth quarter impact.
Steve G. Filton: Correct.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Got you. And then the coding adjustment.
Steve G. Filton: And then the coding adjustment, which also is just the fourth quarter, is another $4 million or $5 million.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: $4 million, $5 million for the quarter.
Steve G. Filton: Correct.
Operator: Your next question is from Tom Gallucci from Lazard Capital Markets.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I guess just, Steve, the margins in the quarter in the acute care side were still under a little bit of pressure. Revenues rebounded. I'm wondering if you had any thoughts there and sort of what your expectations are in that regard as you think about '13.
Steve G. Filton: Tom, I mean, you probably have heard me say and others say that, I think, generally our view is that when we get to about 3% same-store revenue growth on the acute side that we feel that's a sufficient level of growth to have, at a minimum, sort of flattish EBITDA and maybe even slightly improved, and we were down a little bit in the fourth quarter. I think that the single biggest driver of that was probably $4 million or $5 million of incremental expense associated with physician employment and physician practice acquisition. Those who follow us know we probably have not pursued those physician strategies at least in terms of the significant dollars of investment as aggressively as some of our peers. But we're certainly doing it in some of our markets, and clearly, you saw that impact a little bit in the fourth quarter of 2012. As far as 2013 goes, I think, generally, we sort of view it as a sort of a push in our guidance, meaning that we don't think our physician expenses grow much. I think we feel like whatever new investment we make in 2013 will be offset by some of the efficiencies we're able to achieve in the existing practices that we have.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: So does that suggest that you sort of anticipate more stable margins as we think about the coming year?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I mean, I think what it suggests, Tom, in my mind, is that we believe that if we can get to that level of growth that we had in Q4, that is 3% growth, that we ought to be able to have margins that are relatively flat or slightly improving. Obviously, the real challenge in the budget next year is to get to that level of revenue growth with all of the reimbursement cuts that we've highlighted so far.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Right, right. Okay. And then just wondering on the balance sheet and sort of the acquisition side of things. Obviously, you did Ascend. Wondering sort of where your thinking is on delevering and sort of what the pipeline might look like, particularly on the acute care side and your appetite there.
Steve G. Filton: Yes. I mean, I don't think our view has changed really at all there, Tom. You've heard us say before we are -- tend to be opportunistic, and we're always looking at opportunities to either strengthen our existing acute care franchises, and behavioral as well, or to penetrate new markets or enter new markets that look particularly compelling. I think one of the hurdles to that for a number of years now has been the -- still what we view as fairly rich valuations for a lot of these acquisitions, which make it very hard to earn a reasonable return. I think UHS has a history of being very judicious about where we invest and what we invest in. And I see that continuing. On the other hand, as you've heard Alan and I talk about, I think, on these calls before, there's obviously a great deal of change going on in this industry, and I think it's causing not-for-profit hospitals, in particular, to rethink their future plans. And we may see an uptick in activity in the M&A landscape, and we will certainly be paying attention to that and evaluate those opportunities as they arise.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Frank Morgan from RBC Capital Markets.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just one quick one here. Start with -- on the guidance. What is the implied cash flow from ops number you would see on the year based on your EPS guidance?
Steve G. Filton: So I think when you factor in, Frank, the CapEx projections that we detailed, I think you're talking about free cash flow in the $450 million range.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Secondly, just on reform, it looks like expectations are shifting to see a lot more benefit from Medicaid expansion early on in the reform process. I'm just curious, as it relates to your Behavioral Health Care business, do you think there's a big enough impact there to really affect your bad debt expenses early on, particularly with that adult male population that you may have been treating in the past that may now be covered under reform. So any thoughts that you could see some kind of material improvement in bad debts on the behavioral side in 2014 when reform cranks up?
Steve G. Filton: So obviously, as you can tell, Frank, and others, I mean, our bad debt percentage in behavioral runs fairly low already. It's in that 2.5% to 3% range. And so I think our view from the outset of thinking about reform has been that the opportunity on the behavioral side, while there is some opportunity to reduce our uncompensated load, the big opportunity in that regard is on the acute side. The larger, I think, opportunity on the behavioral side is to have an expanded universe of patients that have coverage either through Medicaid, as you suggest, or through the exchanges, who might be eligible for admission to our hospitals, who were not previously eligible. I think we've articulated in prior presentations, et cetera, that it's difficult to quantify that opportunity in any precise way, but we think that it may be a significant portion of the population that will now have insured mental health benefits that don't have them today.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then one final, on length of stay, are there any particular states where you're seeing more focus on the issue of length-of-stay management?
Steve G. Filton: I think for the most part, as I was saying before to Josh, that the length-of-stay issue, I think, is generally focused in our residential business, which is the smaller component of our behavioral business. It's very much a Medicaid and Medicaid managed care issue, but I don't know that it's particularly focused on a state or a particularly aggressive payor. I just think, in general, we're seeing most Medicaid payors, whether they're the traditional state payors or the managed payors, being more rigorous about their utilization review, et cetera. I mean, obviously, we see it a little more aggressive in certain states than others, but it's pretty much an across-the-board phenomena.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Joanna Gajuk - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is actually Joanna Gajuk in today for Kevin. Just on the topic of the reform, you mentioned -- you talked about the psych business, but I guess what relates to both businesses. Can you talk about what are your expectations or where you see out there in terms of rates of the new exchanges? Some of your peers commented that they were able to secure some contracts already. So any color you can provide where you see those rates falling?
Steve G. Filton: Joanna, I can certainly comment on expectations. I think we've said from the beginning that our expectations are the commercial exchange rates would fall into our range of commercial pricing. But I think we've also said that, as recently as literally just weeks ago, that we've really not negotiated any firm rates on exchanges, et cetera. I know that's a little bit different than some of our peers, who in this earnings season have been able to point to some actual contract negotiations. We're unable to do that. I mean, again, I think our expectations are very similar to our peers, but I don't know that we can point with any sort of certainty to actual negotiations that have been concluded as did some of our peers.
Joanna Gajuk - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then on a different topic, in terms of your outlook for next year, can you give us a little bit more color on what you expect on the Medicaid rates?
Steve G. Filton: I think our expectation about Medicaid rates is that they remain similar to this year. So that in the sort of July of '13 Medicaid pricing cycle, I think we've presumed in our guidance that Medicaid rates remain sort of flat or maybe down 1%, very similar to what they did in the July of '12 cycle.
Joanna Gajuk - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And the last one, can you just talk a little bit more about the Vegas performance and your expectations there for this year?
Steve G. Filton: As I said previously, I think that the overarching trends that were present in the acute business in the fourth quarter, which were slightly improved volumes and slightly improved payor mix, were generally present throughout the portfolio and that there were not necessarily any markets that were really extremely positive performing or negative. I think, again, we saw the general improvement throughout the portfolio. I think our basic view of '13 are generally stable trends, again, as it comes to volumes and payor mix, I think it's a little too early to read into the fourth quarter performance that we're on a kind of a steadily increasing trajectory at this point. As I noted to a previous question, I think some of the benefit, although not a huge number, but some of the impact in Q4 may have been the flu. I think some of that carries over into, at least, January or so of the first quarter. So we'll see. I mean, I think we'd like to see another quarter or 2 of that sort of strong performance to presume we've really had a turn here. But otherwise, I think, generally, our 2013 outlook is for stabilizing trends in the acute division.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Justin Lake from JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Steve, if we could start off on the psych side with the OIG, is there anything that you can tell us in terms of billing of psych that has historically been controversial that maybe they could be looking at here?
Steve G. Filton: I mean, again, I think it's very difficult, Justin, for us to really predict with any sort of level of accuracy what the government's angling for. I think I suggested in an earlier comment to a question, the bulk of the request, I think, is on patient records or is for patient records, et cetera, which would sort of lead you to believe it's -- the focus is probably more on clinical matters. Although, again, I think there's a history of the government trying to convert that, if you will, into a billing issue. But no, I mean, it's not like we've had a pattern of kind of billing issues or irregularities in the behavioral business by any means.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And Steve, is this the -- my recollection is the OIG had been looking into one of the facilities previously, not one of these, one of this batch. But you've had the OIG looking at or asking for information on one of the other facilities, right?
Steve G. Filton: Well, I mean, there's a little bit of history here. I mean, PSI had a facility that had a Department of Justice subpoena that I think goes back all the way to 2008. We've disclosed an investigation of our Peachford facility for at least several quarters. So I mean, it's not the first time a behavioral facility has been investigated, if that's the question.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, I mean, I'm just curious if there's anything you can look at in terms of how those investigations went and what they were looking at that you might be able to share with us here?
Steve G. Filton: No, I mean, the PSI investigation, which began, frankly, well before our ownership -- I think, again, the subpoena goes back in 2008. Nothing has ever really come of that investigation. And as far as the Peachford investigation goes, we've had no indication from the government other than our response to the subpoena, no feedback from them about what they're looking for. And no reason -- Justin, just let me say, I have no reason to believe that either of those previous investigations are connected to this current subpoena.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. Okay. So -- and then if we kind of jump away from that, free cash flow for 2014, Steve, can you give us a number? I assume there's nothing in guidance for deployment there. So can you kind of walk us through what your thoughts are for -- or I should say 2013 for capital deployment?
Steve G. Filton: Yes. Just from a guidance perspective, I think our convention always has been to assume that all of our free cash flow goes towards the repayment of debt unless, at the time of giving guidance, we have a specific transaction that is very far along, which is not the case this year. So we've assumed, as I indicated in the previous -- to the previous questioner, about $450 million of free cash flow and that all that goes to repayment of debt.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe from Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Steve, are you aware of maybe others in the industry also getting a similar request from OIG? Or do you not know?
Steve G. Filton: Unaware. I mean, Ralph, I think the only way we'd be aware is if folks had disclosed that, and I don't know that we would have any other way of knowing that.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Okay. And then just switching gears here. You -- on the behavioral side, I guess, as you think about next year, do you think you have the capacity to kind of deal with the potential bump in volume into 2014? And then I think in the past, you've mentioned there are uninsured today that, I guess, you have the potential opportunity you may not accept to some degree in your facilities. Is there any way for you to give a sense or to measure the magnitude of that number?
Steve G. Filton: So let me answer your -- the latter question first. No, I think it's difficult to do. It's sort of trying to capture a patient population who effectively either gets care elsewhere today or, frankly, doesn't get care at all. And so that's just not a number that we have easy access to. We do know, just from sort of ongoing operations, et cetera, that there's a significant universe of people -- I mean, again, this is not particularly unique to us, but we know there's a fairly significant universe of people who don't have insurance and, therefore, don't have access to the current system, and who, if they get insurance, will have access to the system. As far as our ability to absorb that increased demand, I would suggest to you that if you go back and look at our occupancy rates for the last 10 years in the behavioral division, you'll see that as recently as sort of 2005 or so, we were running 85% occupancy in our behavioral division. We currently run in the mids -- mid- to upper 70s. So we certainly could move higher. Now when we were running in the mid-80s, is when we began a program of fairly aggressive capacity expansion because I think we believe that, that's a fairly inefficient level of occupancy, and we're turning away insured patients at that level of occupancy. But I think the answer is, in the short term, if demand were to increase as we expect that it might to some degree, we can certainly accommodate that in the short run and then begin plans to add new beds relatively quickly and aggressively much as the way we've been doing so for the last 7 or 8 years.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then just my last one, is there anything we need to consider in terms of the guidance of incremental cost in '13 that may roll off in 2014, just in general or maybe to prepare for reform?
Steve G. Filton: I don't know that to prepare for reform is really specific. I will say the one probably UHS-specific item in guidance is -- that's probably a little different and people have not anticipated -- is we are opening in the back half of 2013 our hospital in Temecula, California. We've certainly discussed that construction before. But it opens in the sort of September-October time frame. And there's probably a good $16 million, $17 million, $18 million in our guidance, in our budget of start-up losses and costs associated with that opening, which, obviously, is somewhat of a drag on our back half of '13.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Back half, meaning sort of 4Q and sort of a way to think about an offset from some of the pressure that you talked about earlier from the DSH cuts and coding? Is that the way to think about it?
Steve G. Filton: Well, not an offset. It's a further headwind, and it's in -- it's sort of start-up costs in Q3 and then operating losses in Q4.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. But those don't -- point being that those don't repeat next year?
Steve G. Filton: No, the presumption would be that, as the facility operates, there's probably -- the start-up losses continue into the first half of '14, but by the back half of '14, we would start to turn that around. Ginger?
Operator: Yes, Chris, your line is open.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Chris Rigg?
Operator: Yes.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, sorry. I couldn't hear you. Just to follow up a little bit on the last question, can you just remind us sort of the total investment expansion investment money running through the P&L in 2012, whether that's Wellington or behavioral bed development versus what you're expecting in 2013, Temecula and additional beds on the behavioral side?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, Chris, I think it's about the same. I mean, I'll just round the numbers and say that we're going to spend $375 million in -- well, we spent $375 million in CapEx in '12. We'll spend a like amount in '13. Probably $100 million of that is maintenance capital. That's mostly focused in the acute division. That's capital that basically is just there to upgrade the equipment and keep the facilities running, et cetera, no real return being associated with that. And then another $100 million to $150 million of behavioral expansion and another $100 million to $150 million of acute expansion.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: In terms of what's running through the income statement, is that also about -- are you saying that's also about the same?
Steve G. Filton: I don't really -- I apologize because I don't -- when you say capital ...
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I guess, yes, maybe it was unclear. I got caught a little off guard there with -- when the queue opened. But with regard to -- you said you're going to spend $16 million, $17 million, $18 million on Temecula. I'm sure you had similar -- something similar for Wellington and then also in terms of is there anything on sort of behavioral start-up costs? I'm trying to figure out, apples to apples, what the investment headwinds running through the income statement would be.
Steve G. Filton: Okay. No, I got that. No, I think that the Temecula start-up losses and start-up costs are unique in the sense that, Wellington, we opened a bed tower in an existing facility. And there's not anywhere remotely close to the same sort of level of start-up costs, et cetera. We're talking about a brand-new greenfield hospital in Temecula. It's a much different dynamic. Most of the behavioral expansion is like the Wellington tower. It's additional beds at existing facilities. So again, there's nothing comparable this year to that Temecula number next year.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then on the OIG subpoena -- and I'm not sure what you can say here. But can you give us a sense for the revenue exposure with regard to the facilities that are cited in the subpoena?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I had a few analysts say to me last night that they simply went to AHD data or whatever for the facilities identified and got 6% or 7% of our consolidated revenues. And I think that's a fairly accurate number of the 10 or 11 facilities that have been identified.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Campbell from Avondale Partners.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of modeling questions at this point. The sale of the acute care hospital, where exactly does that impact the income statement in the fourth quarter if we wanted to back that out in our own models? And really same question for the favorable reserve impact, which line item and which segment does that affect?
Steve G. Filton: So they're both on the other operating expense line, and obviously, Auburn is an acute facility. The malpractice reserve affects both divisions, although it's probably skewed to the acute division.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the -- on the Temecula hospital, what sort of quarterly D&A jump should we see from 3Q to 4Q from that opening?
Steve G. Filton: It's a $150 million investment to be amortized or depreciated over 25 years.
Operator: Your next question is from Gary Lieberman from Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You've talked in the past about transitioning some of the RTC beds into acute. Can you give us a sense of sort of where you were, I guess, either as a percentage of revenue or percentage of volumes at the end of '12 and where you might hope to be at the end of '13?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, Gary, so I think roughly, the behavioral revenue split is about 75% acute behavioral, 25% residential behavioral. I think our view is that as we convert beds, maybe we're affecting that split by 50 or 75 basis points a year is kind of the general sense of what we can accomplish.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, just in terms of either anticipating the impact from health care reform or as you see more volumes from that reform, can you speed that up? Or would you be satisfying the additional demand mainly from new additional beds on the acute side?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I think that the general sense is that adding beds in the behavioral space can be -- the process can be accelerated some if the demand is there. We probably said before that the biggest challenge or hurdle to adding beds on the behavioral side tends to be kind of the regulatory local zoning sorts of issues. So sometimes that's not within our control. But yes, generally, I think our view is that if reform results in a measured increase in demand that we will accelerate the expansion program that we've already been -- had under way for 7 or 8 years, and so we're quite familiar with how to do it and what needs to be done and that we can make that happen somewhat faster.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then can you just remind us what type of average commercial rate increases are incorporated into the guidance for 2013?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I mean, I think our commercial rate increases on the acute side have been averaging 5% to 7%, and I believe we still feel are in that range. On the behavioral side, that number is historically a couple of hundred basis points lower and I think remains so in our guidance. So that -- those numbers honestly have not changed very much in the past few years.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And no material changes in contract terms or contract types?
Steve G. Filton: Not yet.
Operator: Your next question is from John Ransom from Raymond James.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just -- we've noticed with you and some others that the charity and bad debt blipped up a little bit in the fourth quarter, which seems a little odd kind of where we are in the employment recovery. Do you have any thoughts about that?
Steve G. Filton: John, I mean, I think what we saw was a shift from charity and uninsured discount to bad debts. As you've heard me comment any number of times over the years, we view the uncompensated expense sort of all as one large pool. So we never spend a lot of time trying to analyze or explain shifts between the categories. I think, in general, our view was that payor mix improved a little bit in Q4, and these are really acute care observations that even though we continue to see decelerating commercial and Medicare volumes and accelerating Medicaid and uninsured volumes, both the rates of deceleration and acceleration were somewhat muted or more mitigated in Q4. So I think we had a view that actually payor mix got a little better in the quarter.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Yes. If nothing happened with mix and all that flowed through was your pricing, how much would bad debt go up for you every year?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I mean, so I think in general, our gross pricing continues to go up between 6% and 8% a year. So you can sort of do that math. I mean, that, in and of itself, drives a lot of the increase in bad debt and charity care expense. I don't have a calculation in front of me, but I think you can kind of do that back of the envelope.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right. Is there any -- I know a while back, you guys were a little more optimistic about deploying some capital on the acute care side. Has your enthusiasm waxed or waned on your pipeline since that time?
Steve G. Filton: Yes. I wouldn't describe it as either, John. I mean, I think we have a very kind of opportunity-specific view of the world, and that is we evaluate every opportunity on its own. If an individual opportunity makes sense, we'll pursue it. So I don't know that I think I would make any kind of macro characterizations of our view at the moment. Obviously, the proof's in the pudding, we haven't made a ton of external acute investments in the last 4 or 5 years because we've not found them compelling. Now in fairness, as we've mentioned about Temecula and the Wellington bed tower and the Summerlin Tower, et cetera, and Palmdale, we've made a lot of internal capital investments in acute care because we felt like they were the more likely or the more economically prudent investments to earn above average returns.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I mean, how many would you say UHS-quality assets come on the market in a given year now? And is it more or fewer than it was a few years ago?
Steve G. Filton: Again, I think there are more assets that come to the market today. I think that there are lots of -- a reasonable number of quality assets that come on the market. Again, we're not the only party out there bidding for those assets, et cetera. So I think it -- more than anything, it becomes a price valuation issue in terms of whether you can acquire the asset at a valuation that allows you earn a reasonable return.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it's more the pricing than it is the supply.
Steve G. Filton: I believe so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo from Robert Baird.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Steve, I think you've called out med mal as a favorable onetime benefit, I think, almost every year for 4 or 5 years now. At what point does that become recurring? I mean, your peers all take credit for it, so I'm just wondering what the thinking was on that.
Steve G. Filton: Yes, it's a fair comment, Whit. Obviously, I think, for the most part, the reason that we exclude it from current operating earnings is that almost by definition, it is focused on prior year amounts and prior year reserves. But to your point, UHS has had a long history of taking a very conservative position on its malpractice expense and reserves. I think our main focus is just trying our best to get the current expense, the current year malpractice provision correct and accurate, and we believe we're getting closer to that. But I appreciate your pointing out that we've penalized ourselves to some degree by always tossing these numbers out.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Sure. And maybe just any comments on Ascend and the integration and how that's progressing.
Steve G. Filton: Yes. I mean, obviously, it's a much smaller deal and therefore integration than the PSI deal was -- we're talking 9 facilities. We have commented sort of from the beginning when we announced the deal that we anticipated getting about $200 million in revenues and about $60 million in EBITDA from Ascend. And I think we feel like we're very much on track to do that. Those are really the numbers that are embedded in our 2013 guidance. And we're very pleased, even though it's early on the process, we're pleased with the way that integration's going.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And maybe just one last final one. Any thoughts on sort of the sequence of earnings this year? Historically, you've always had a lot sort of weighted in the first half of the year for acute, and then maybe a year ago or so, you felt that, that imbalance would balance out, if you will, and the calendar looks a little tough in Q1. And so just wondering if you had any updated thoughts for how we should see sort of the sequence of earnings progress throughout the year.
Steve G. Filton: No, I mean, other than a few of the things that we've discussed, I think there'll be a little bit of a benefit from the flu in the first quarter, and then obviously, these reimbursement cuts, as well as the Temecula opening that we talked about, are skewed towards the latter half of the year. Sequestration is effective beginning in April, and you've got all those cuts over then the balance of the year. And then you've got the disproportionate share coding cuts in the fourth quarter and then the Temecula drag in the third and fourth quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Glen Losev from WallachBeth.
Glen M. Losev - WallachBeth Capital, LLC, Research Division: Steve, can you comment on surgical volumes in 4Q relative to the first 9 months of the year and what your expectations are for, let's say, 2013?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, surgical volumes, Glen, picked up a little bit in Q4. Inpatient volumes were sort of flattish, which is, frankly, the best they've been in a number of quarters, and outpatient was down a little bit. But that was also the best we've seen probably at least since the first quarter of the year. So much like the other metrics that I talked about in terms of overall volumes and payor mix, surgical volumes showed a bit of an improvement in Q4 as well.
Glen M. Losev - WallachBeth Capital, LLC, Research Division: And what's the acuity of the surgeries? Was it higher than you've seen recently? Or it was a lower acuity surgeries?
Steve G. Filton: Well, definitely, our Medicare CMI was higher in Q4.
Glen M. Losev - WallachBeth Capital, LLC, Research Division: And one last question, can you give us any color on what you guys seen in your Las Vegas and Texas markets?
Steve G. Filton: Did you say in Last Vegas and Texas or...
Glen M. Losev - WallachBeth Capital, LLC, Research Division: Uhmm.
Steve G. Filton: Yes. Again, as I've mentioned to a few different people, in general, the trends that I've articulated a few times, slightly better volumes, slightly better surgical volumes, a little bit better payor mix in the acute division in Q4, were generally present throughout the portfolio, not necessarily terribly better or worse in any markets, including Las Vegas and South Texas.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Steve G. Filton: Okay. Well, we thank everybody and look forward to speaking to everybody in a couple of months after the first quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. At this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve G. Filton - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Secretary
Analysts: Colleen Lang - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Felicia, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UHS Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Filton, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve G. Filton: Thank you, and good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2012. During this call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and our form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $0.73 for the quarter. After adjusting for the after-tax cost of debt extinguishment recorded during the quarter and the incentive income and expenses associated with the implementation of electronic health records applications at our acute care hospitals, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, was $0.91 compared to $0.86 per diluted share recorded in the third quarter of 2011, as calculated on the supplemental schedules included with last night's press release. On a same-facility basis, revenues in our behavioral health division increased 3.4% during the third quarter of 2012 over the comparable prior year quarter. Adjusted admissions and patient days to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 2.6% and 0.7%, respectively, during the third quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 2.6% during the third quarter of 2012 over the comparable prior year quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year increased to 27.8% during the quarter ended September 30, 2012, as compared to 26.5% during the comparable prior year period. On a same-facility basis, in our acute care division, revenues decreased 0.4% during the third quarter of 2012. The decrease resulted primarily from a 1.7% decrease in adjusted admissions, partially offset by a 1.3% increase in revenue per adjusted admission to our hospitals owned for more than a year. The rate of organic growth -- the rate of organic revenue growth was weaker than expected, contributing to a decline in operating margins. On a same-facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals decreased to 13.4% during the third quarter of 2012, from 14.8% during the third quarter of 2011. Our acute care hospitals provided charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates amounting to $259 million and $246 million during the 3-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively. As a percentage of acute care net revenues, bad debts, charity care expense and the uninsured discount in this year's third quarter were at levels higher than those experienced during the third quarter of 2011. However, due primarily to the increase in behavioral health revenues and the very low levels of bad debt and uninsured discounts in that business, our overall percentage of bad debts, charity care and uninsured discounts were lower than those experienced during the third quarter of 2011. Our cash provided by operating activities was approximately $162 million during the third quarter of 2012, as compared to $207 million in the third quarter of 2011. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased to 57 days during the third quarter of 2012, from 51 days during the third quarter of last year, as we continue to have a substantial outstanding Medicaid receivable from the State of Illinois. At September 30, 2012, our ratio of debt-to-total capitalization was 56.9% and debt-to-EBITDA was 2.96x. We spent $100 million on capital expenditures during the third quarter. Included in our capital expenditures during the first 9 months of 2012 were the construction costs related to the ongoing construction of a new hospital in Temecula, California. We opened a new bed tower at our Wellington Hospital in West Palm Beach early in October and expect to open a new behavioral facility in Chicago later in the quarter. The operating trends and financial results experienced by our behavioral health facilities met our expectations during the first 9 months of 2012. However, against the backdrop of a continued sluggish economic recovery, the operating trends and financial results experienced by our acute hospitals were below our expectations for the third quarter of 2012, and those trends are expected to continue during the fourth quarter of this year. Based upon our consolidated financial results experienced during the first 9 months of 2012 and, most notably, the results experienced by our acute care hospitals during the third quarter of 2012, our revised estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2012, is $4 to $4.10 per diluted share. This revised guidance, which includes the EHR impact and the impact of the other items, reflected on the supplemental schedule for the 9 months ended September 30, 2012, represents a decrease of approximately 6% from the previously provided range of $4.25 to $4.35 per diluted share. The operating pressures that we continue to experience in many of our acute care markets has increased the volatility of the financial results of our acute care hospitals, making estimation of future results more challenging. However, we continue to actively and aggressively respond to these challenges through strategic initiatives and operational enhancements, such as physician recruitment and integration, and implementation of expense controls and other operating efficiencies. Alan and I will be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci of Lazard Capital Markets.
Colleen Lang - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: This is Colleen Lang on for Tom. Steve, just on the guidance, I was just wondering if you could walk us through what changed in Q3 versus what you were thinking at the time of Q2. Were the admissions worse? Or did the mix not improved as you would have hoped?
Steve G. Filton: Sure, Colleen. So I think in our original guidance for the full year, we were anticipating acute care revenue growth of 3% for the full year. And that was broken down into a slightly lower amount, let's say 2% in the first half of the year and a slightly higher amount of like 4% in the back half of the year, which was reflective of the fact that we were aware that our comparisons were going to be more difficult in the first half of the year. At the end of the second quarter, when we revised our guidance down slightly, it was really an acknowledgment on our part that acute care revenue growth would likely not even meet that 4% level in the back half of the year. So we revised it down to about 2% growth. And as you can see in Q3, we didn't meet the 2%. We -- our acute care same-store revenue growth was actually slightly negative. And really, the revised guidance for the fourth quarter is really just reflective of that trend and the expectation that, that trend is likely to continue into Q4.
Colleen Lang - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just quickly on the behavioral side. I think last quarter, you talked about how you took some beds offline for construction projects in converting some beds from RTC to acute. Did you see that impact again this quarter?
Steve G. Filton: We did. I mean, the 3.4% same-store revenue growth that we saw in acute in Q3, I would remind people different than the acute dynamic, is compared to a pretty robust number in Q3 of 2011, close to 7% same-store revenue growth. So the 3.4% was against a difficult comparison. But it did -- it does reflect sort of the metric that we talked about last quarter, which is that probably, the single greatest pressure we feel on the behavioral side is continued pressure on our Medicaid length of stay in the residential business. That has been driving our same-store revenue growth down. And we are, as we discussed last quarter, doing any number of things to try and counter that, including adding more acute care beds. Obviously, the Ascend transaction will add a significant number of acute care beds, converting residential beds to acute. And all those initiatives continue. And so, yes, I think that had a little bit of a dampening impact on our revenue growth in the quarter. And we think that as the initiatives gain traction, that number will start to climb back to a level that we saw just a few quarters ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was wondering about this guidance reduction in 2012 and how to think about it for 2013. I know that you're not providing 2013 guidance at this point. But if you took down EPS guidance by 6% in the second half of the year, is there a reason not to kind of say, "Well, let's annualize that and take down the number by 12% for the year" and use that as our basis for how we think about growing into 2013? I guess you mentioned cost cutting initiatives that should help offset this next year. But why isn't taking this impact, annualizing it and then growing off of that, the right way to think about 2013?
Steve G. Filton: Well, Kevin, I want to reinforce what you said, which is that we're not giving 2013 guidance and we're not prepared to do that. But I'll talk a little bit. I mean, I think some of the dynamics that have weighed heavily on acute care revenue growth in 2012 are the economic weakness in our local markets. And when we do give our 2013 guidance at the end February, we'll talk, I think, more about what our outlook is for those metrics in 2013. But, obviously, there is a hope that we will start to see some recovery in some of those markets, albeit we tend to believe it'll be a relatively gradual incremental recovery. The other issue is a number of other companies have talked about, I think, that there has been this continued shift from inpatient to outpatient, which has muted revenues, some in the acute space. Some of that, I think, is a real shift, where the delivery of services has truly changed from one setting to another. And then some of it is this reimbursement dynamic of just more days being billed and reimbursed as observation days rather than as inpatient. And I think, at some point, we will begin to anniversary that impact. I think some of the companies may have already started to see that sort of anniversary-ing impact. So those would be, at least, in my mind, Kevin, the 2 reasons why I would think that you wouldn't necessarily just want to take the third and projected fourth quarter performance and assume that that's to be extrapolated to 2013.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And I guess, as we think about the -- I guess, the economic weakness that you mentioned, could you just talk a little bit about, on the acute care business, some of the major markets and where most of that weakness was or was it more broad-based. And then if it's broad-based, just give an update on Vegas?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I think the weakness was generally broad-based. I mean, Vegas was down in the third quarter compared to last year but so were, quite frankly, a number of other markets, including South Texas, which we certainly have talked about before, as well as a handful of others. So I don't think the weakness is isolated to a particular market. As far as Vegas goes and, quite frankly, as far as a number of other markets go, the overarching metrics, as we've mentioned before, seem to be getting better. Unemployment is improving in a number of these markets, et cetera. I would think it's fair to say that in most of these markets, that sort of macro growth or macro recovery isn't yet filtering down to the hospital business. But we expect that in the near and intermediate future that it should.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just one last quick question. The behavioral facility in Chicago; is that a new facility or is that a replacement facility?
Steve G. Filton: It's effectively a new facility. So we had a facility called Hartgrove that we closed a few years ago and built a replacement facility. We have now, subsequently, renovated the Hartgrove physical plant and are reopening it. But it's effectively a net new facility for us in the Chicago market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Campbell of Avondale Partners.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to start with maybe some color you could give us on the EHR incentive income and maybe what you expect to receive there in the fourth quarter? And I know you break it out in your guidance or exclude it. But just in general, maybe what we should expect from that line in the fourth quarter and beyond, if possible.
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I mean, I will sort of just recap. I think what we've said about our EHR experience in total, and that is we've projected to spend something in the neighborhood of $190 million to $200 million dollars to implement this EHR over the course of 4 or 5 years, beginning in -- at the very end of 2009 and into 2010. We expect to get Medicaid and Medicare reimbursement related to those expenditures in the $140 million to $150 million range. And, therefore, our net expenditure will be $50 million to $60 million, Kevin. We will -- as we have in the press release and as we will in our 2013 guidance, we'll give our best guesses as to what we think those numbers, both from an income and expense line, will be in 2013. I don't think we're prepared to do that today.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And as we think about that, in general, the cost that you associate there and you break out in the adjusted net income, are those theoretically onetime costs as well? Or are those ongoing costs associated with that, that once those incentive payments go away, you'll still have those higher costs?
Steve G. Filton: No. The reason that we choose to exclude them, because we think that it gives a better picture of what ongoing operating results are, is because we believe that both the income and the expenses are onetime. I will just remind people that we had an EHR system before implementing the current one and we had operating costs associated with that. We believe that the operating costs associated with the new implementation are fairly comparable. And so we have a universe of operating EHR costs that have been embedded in our results for years and will continue to be in our operating results and will not be excluded.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just a couple of sort of housekeeping items. The D&A went up sequentially. It looks like a lot of that was related to the EHR costs. What sort of -- should we assume that sort of -- that same sort of run rate that you had in the quarter, what was it, $77 million, $78 million?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I mean, as we continue to bring facilities live on this current version of EHR, obviously, the D&A expense will go up. I haven't really thought this through all the way, but we may consider trying to break that out when we give our 2013 guidance. Obviously, we break it out in total, but we may want to beak it out by functional line item.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Yes. Okay. And then on the other operating expenses, that ticked up sequentially, but when you look back versus maybe the first quarter, it was not materially different. Can you -- was it just unusually low in the second quarter? It was around $347,000 versus $363,000 here in the third. And maybe what sort of a more normalized run rate we should use there?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I mean, as I think about it, Kevin, there's only a couple of sort of unusual items, I think, that are in the third quarter, none of which are terribly material. There's probably a couple of million dollars of Ascend transaction cost. There's probably $5 million of costs related to our small construction management business. And those costs are offset by a very like amount of revenues. I think other than those 2 items, I would say that other operating expenses in Q3 reflect a pretty reasonable run rate going forward.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And what were the Ascend costs in the quarter? I don't think you broke those out, did you, in the adjusted?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I mean, I don't have it in front of me. But it's only a couple of million dollars.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Ransom of Raymond James.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to drill down into the behavioral business a little bit more. The same-store revenue missed our model by about 160 bps. And I know you mentioned the length of stay issue in Medicaid. How is the adult side and the commercial side doing relative to your expectations?
Steve G. Filton: John, I think that -- and I called out the Medicaid length of stay issue as really the 1 metric that has been sort of pressuring the business. I would say that, generally, trends on the acute side of the behavioral business are strong, both from an admission or a volume perspective, length of stay remains fairly constant because it is almost exclusively non-Medicaid pricing on the acute side. Pricing remains strong, et cetera. So the pressures really have been almost exclusively on the residential side of the acute business. And almost exclusively on the Medicaid part of that, which is the biggest piece of it.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And just 2 follow-ups on that. One is remind me how much, if we were to look at your overall plan over the next 2 or 3 years, what's your plan to expand your headcount on a percentage basis in your behavioral? And then, secondly, I guess it's not entirely clear if Medicaid's imposing shorter lengths of stay, what you can do to specifically counteract that. I'm not sure -- I'm not familiar with the tactics you might use to push against that.
Steve G. Filton: Yes. So I think, obviously, we're always, and I think this has always been the case, I mean, we're always fighting for the appropriate length of stay and justifying medically necessary length of stay, et cetera. That's something we always do. But quite frankly, I mean, the main technique and tactic that we've talked about in the last few quarters is we're trying to lessen our reliance on the residential business. We've talked before about 1 of the significant attractions and compelling arguments for Ascend was that it's a business that is very highly weighted to acute beds rather than residential beds. We've been adding, in response to your question, John, something in the neighborhood of 300, 350 new beds a year in the behavioral segment. And those beds have been largely acute beds. And then, finally, we've talked in the last quarter or so about conversion of residential beds to acute beds. And we're probably on pace in 2012 to convert a couple of hundred residential beds to acute beds. And my guess would be we probably have a like amount in the Q for next year as well.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And what's your mix now between adult and RTC -- or I'm sorry, RTC, non-RTC [indiscernible]?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, so before the Ascend transaction, our historical, I think, revenue mix was like 75% acute, 25% residential.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And you can move -- how much can you move that a year with your conversions and your bed adds?
Steve G. Filton: Well, again, if you think about, basically, a base of roughly 20,000 beds, and if you're adding 300 to 350 acute and converting another couple of hundred, it's sort of 500 beds on a basis of 20,000 gives you some sense of what we're able to do.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So a couple of percent.
Steve G. Filton: Exactly.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I know ourselves and others have tried to allocate your G&A, and we come up with an EBITDA mix, if you allocate you G&A, of something in the range of 67% to 70% of EBITDA now comes from behavioral and the remainder comes from acute. Would you agree with that math or would you allocate the overhead differently? Or is there something that we need to adjust in our thinking?
Steve G. Filton: No, I think we've said publicly that post the Ascend transaction, our run rate will reflect an EBITDA contribution from the behavioral segment of about 70% of the total.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice of UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of questions, if I might. First of all, maybe I missed this, but is the Ascend results in your fourth quarter guidance?
Steve G. Filton: No, A.J., I was just referring to the fact that we had some transaction costs related to Ascend -- oh, I'm sorry, in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, yes, I'm sorry, the -- we do assume we will get a couple of pennies benefit from having Ascend in the fourth quarter.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. When I look at the margin trend, and I know you commented on the other operating, obviously, the -- behavioral's moving in a positive direction and the acute's in a negative direction. I think you'd probably say that both of those are largely driven by top line performance. But could you comment on the individual expense items? And in the 2 divisions, what was under pressure on the acute side, and what was -- where was the positive leverage on the psych side?
Steve G. Filton: Hey, look, A.J., I think you've got to the crux of the point or the crux of the matter. Because both of these businesses are largely fixed and semi-fixed cost businesses, they really require some amount of revenue growth to create operating leverage. Not a significant amount. And I think our performance -- our behavioral performance in Q3 is reflective of that. So we have 3.5% revenue growth in behavioral in Q3, 8% or 9% EBITDA expansion. A very positive, strong, robust result in our minds and something that we think we can and will continue to replicate. On the acute side, it's really sort of just the opposite. I think we've been, quite frankly, for many years now, for a good 3 or 4 years now, focused on really creating leaner, more efficient operating structures in the acute division. And I think we've been largely successful in doing it. The fact of the matter, however, is that unless we can sort of drive 2% or 3% revenue growth, it's pretty hard to avoid margin contraction, which is what you saw in Q3. I think that's largely true across the board again in both divisions, but where the real leverage tends to come, again, is in the more fixed and semi-fixed costs. You just can't cut your utilities and your taxes and your insurance, et cetera, as your revenue shrinks, in the same way that you can adjust headcount and things like that, which I think we've done a good job of doing.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And maybe just lastly, any update on your thinking around provider tax, UPL, a DSH payments either, as they reflected in the third quarter or going forward from here?
Steve G. Filton: I mean, again, I think we'll certainly, I think, provide more color when we give our 2013 guidance. But I think, for now, our expectation is that, I'll sort of call those special items, UPL, DSH pro, provider taxes will likely continue at or around the same levels that they're at now.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And there wasn't anything unusual in the quarter around any of those?
Steve G. Filton: No.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Anton Hie of RBC Capital Markets.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Frank Morgan here. Steve, my question is on, hopefully, getting an update on the state reimbursement outlook for the new fiscal year we're in. Particularly on the behavioral side, are you seeing any improvement at all? Or is it basically about the same?
Steve G. Filton: No, I think beginning in the sort of July of 2011 time frame, Frank, we talked about the outlook for the next 12 months, which is basically the Medicaid fiscal year as being Medicaid cuts of sort of flat to down 1%. I think we've probably trended to the, however you want to think about it, the lower end, meaning the 1% cuts rather than flattish. And again, that contributes to a little bit of that same Medicaid pressure that I was alluding to before, mostly as a length of stay pressure, but also a little bit of rate pressure. I think it's too early to say what that will look like come July of 2012 -- excuse me, 2013. And, obviously, what I meant was July of 2012 for the flat to down 1%. Obviously, when we give our guidance for 2013, we will embed in that an estimate for the back half of the year for Medicaid pricing and, hopefully, we'll have a better sense of it at that point in time.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. In terms of -- could you talk a little bit more about the cost reduction efforts? I mean, you touched on this with A.J. a little bit, but the cost reduction efforts going on through the process of the third quarter relative to the slowdown in volumes. And I'm just curious, could the fourth quarter be a quarter where you get the full benefit of the cost reductions you were making across the course of the third quarter and then with any pickup in volume and that maybe the effect here reverses the other way? And then maybe could you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing in volumes so far in the fourth?
Steve G. Filton: Well, I think it's worth noting, and I know a number of the other companies that have previously reported this quarter, mention that September, for them, was clearly the weakest month of the quarter. That was certainly true for us as well. And so, as I think normally occurs with that sort of thing, I mean, both our volumes and payor mix weakened in September. It's difficult to respond in real time to that almost immediately. But we did -- we do and we have responded and so, we will get some continuing benefit from that in Q4. Now, part of our revised guidance assumptions in Q4, quite frankly, is that the negative trends that we experienced in September will largely continue into Q4. Certainly, we hope that they improve. And I would say the very first glimpses we've had of Q4, which are basically October volumes, look a little bit better, although, I wouldn't draw too many definitive conclusions from that on its own. So I think the question you're asking, Frank, is the third quarter deteriorated. We began making some more aggressive cost cuts towards the end of the third quarter. If the revenue trajectory improves a little bit in Q4 from where it was in September, we should certainly benefit from that and get a pickup, and that would make our revised guidance look a little more conservative. But I think it's way too early to make that judgment.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And there are no further questions at this time.
Steve G. Filton: Okay. Well, we'd like to thank everybody. We hope that everybody stays safe and continues to recover from the hurricane. And look forward to talking with you at the end of the year. Thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Miller – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Steve Filton – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital A.J. Rice – UBS Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse Gary Lieberman – Wells Fargo Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Kevin Campbell – Avondale Partners Gary Taylor – Citigroup John Ransom - Raymond James Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, my name is Benitta, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UHS Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Steven Filton, Chief Financial Officer.
Steve Filton: Thank you and good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services’ results for the first quarter ended March 30, 2012. During the conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast, projections, and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $1.10 for the quarter, after adjusting for the prior year impact of several reimbursement items recorded during the quarter, and the revenues and expenses associated with the implementation of electronic health records applications at our acute care hospitals, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, was $1.12. On the same facility basis, revenues in our Behavioral Health division increased 4.1% during the second quarter of 2012 over the comparable prior year quarter. Adjusted admissions inpatient days who are behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 3.3% and 0.2% respectively during the second quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 3.5% during the second quarter of 2012 over the comparable prior year quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year increased to 28.6% during the quarter ended June 30, 2012, as compared to 26.9% during the comparable prior year period. On a same facility basis in our acute care division, revenues decreased 2.2% during the second quarter 2012. The decrease resulted primarily from a 1.3% decrease in adjusted admissions and a 0.9% decrease in revenue per adjusted admissions who are hospital’s own for more than a year. The revenue decline reflects a difficult comparison to the prior year quarter when our net revenues were favorably impacted by positive changes in payer mix, especially stabilization in uninsured volumes. On a same facility basis operating margins for our acute care hospitals decreased to 16.3% during the second quarter of 2012 from 17.8% during the second quarter of 2011. Our acute care hospitals provided charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates amounting to $266 million and $239 million during the three-month period ended June 30, 2012 and 2011 respectively. As a percentage of acute care net revenues, bad debts, charity care expense and the uninsured discount in this year’s first quarter were at levels higher than those experienced during the second quarter of 2011. However, due primarily to the increase in behavioral health revenues and the very low levels of bad debt and uninsured discounts in that business, our overall percentage of bad debt, charity care and uninsured discounts were lower than those experienced during the second quarter of 2011. Our cash from operating activities was approximately $246 million during the second quarter of 2012, as compared to $173 million in the second quarter of 2011. Our accounts receivable days outstanding decreased to 54 days during the second quarter of 2012, from 56 days during the first quarter of this year as we collected a portion of outstanding Medicaid receivables from the State of Illinois. At June 30, 2012 our ratio of debt-to-total capitalization was 57.7% and debt to EBITDA was 2.99. We spent $90 million on capital expenditures during the second quarter, included in our capital expenditures during the first half of 2012 were the construction cost related to the construction of a new acute care hospital in Temecula, California, a new bed tower at our Wellington facility in Florida and 222 beds added to facilities within our behavioral health division. Against the backdrop of a sluggish economic recovery and based upon the operating trends and financial results experienced during the first six months of 2012, our revised estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year-ended December 31, 2012 is $4.25 to $4.35 per diluted share. This revised guidance, which represents a 2% to 3% decrease from our original 2012 guidance excludes the estimated favorable impact associated with the implementation of electronic health records applications at our acute care hospitals and the impact of the other items reflected on the supplemental schedule for the six months ended June 30, 2012 as disclosed in last night’s press release, as well as any incremental impact resulting from our previously announced acquisition of Ascend Health Corporation, which we expect to complete during the fourth quarter of this year. Alan and I would be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Tom Gallucci with Lazard Capital Markets.
Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital: Thanks, good morning. Two quick questions I guess. Steve, first on the acute care side, given the trends you are seeing in the changing guidance, just wondering what you did to your guidance as we think about the second half of the year versus first half trends?
Steve Filton: Tom, in our original guidance, if people recall, was that acute care revenues would grow in 2012 by somewhere in the neighborhood of 3% and I think – we believe because of the comparison through ’11 that was backend loaded. So we grow by let's say 2% in the first half of the year and by 4% in the back half of the year. I think the revised guidance is frankly almost exclusively a reflection of the fact that we think that 4% growth that was embedded in the back half of the year and the original guidance is now probably 1.5% or 2% and is reflective just of the existing operating trends that we are seeing.
Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital: Okay. And then on the behavioral health side, obviously a very good trend there for 18 months or so that were above average is I guess the way we looked at them, which sort of came back down to earth a little bit this quarter. Can you point to anything in particular what they have changed and I guess what is your long-term growth outlook for that business at this stage?
Steve Filton: Yeah, I think Tom that we have said a number of times that we think that going forward a reasonable growth rate, revenue growth rate in the behavioral division is probably in the 5%, 5.5% range and we have been pretty consistently meeting those targets. We were a little lower than that in Q2. As we looked at the detail of it I think we identified a number of facilities where because of ongoing either new construction projects or ongoing construction projects to convert residential to acute beds, we had to close down some capacity and we think that cost us maybe 50 or 60 or 70 basis points revenue growth in the second quarter. So I think when adjusted for that I think we feel like again that sort of 5%, 5.5% growth rate is reasonable, and the other piece is that beginning in July of 2012, the severe Medicaid reductions that we saw at this time last year of 3% to 4% moderate to something like flat to down 1% and so that’s a helpful comparison as well.
Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice – UBS: Hi, everybody, just maybe I’ll ask two questions as well. Following up on the behavioral business, can you point to is the moderation, I mean albeit you have great margins, is it basically a capital constraint issue in the second quarter that somehow gets a little better in the back half of the year, how much of it was that or how much of it is just natural ebb and flow from Q1 to Q2?
Steve Filton: A.J., just following on what I was saying to Tom. I think that 50, 60, 70 basis points that I alluded to is exactly what you’re talking about, it’s – we had beds that we had to have out of service for these construction projects. I think our sense is two-fold. Once we are able to get those beds back in service and once the new beds that we’re building or the converted beds that we’re building go back online, we’re very comfortable that the demand is actually there to support the sort of 5%, 5.5% growth rate.
A.J. Rice – UBS: Okay. Back on the acute side, I guess, I’m seeing here, again cost control wise you guys have done a good job. I can’t remember the last time I’ve seen someone post a negative same-store revenue growth in acute business, but obviously you had a very tough comp a year ago. One of the things we’re seeing from some of the other guys is as they report soft in-patient volumes, it seems like they are getting a little help from revenue per adjusted admission being somewhat stronger and the argument that at least it’s being made is that the soft volumes tend to be in cases that have lower revenues associated with them and therefore it’s not impacting the overall revenue growth or 3%, 4%, 5% revenue on a same-store basis. It doesn’t seem like that dynamic is a play here in your case, I just wondered if you had any thoughts about it in terms of where you’re seeing the softness in the volume and the revenue per adjusted admission being a little sort of flattish or only slightly up.
Steve Filton: Yeah, so I think if you look at the difference between our admissions or unadjusted admissions and our adjusted admissions, there is a measurable difference which obviously implies that our out-patient revenues are growing faster than our in-patient. So we are certainly experiencing some of that same shift that you’re alluding to A.J., that I think the other companies are referencing. What it does also highlight however is that the unadjusted admissions that is really the straight in-patient admissions are rather weak and remain rather weak and we think that’s largely a function of these sort of very difficult economic conditions in certain of our markets, most notable Vegas and South Texas. But I think that’s the major explanation. I think other than that we feel like – as we look at what the other companies are reporting in general and directionally we’re experiencing much of the same trends.
A.J. Rice – UBS: I guess the point I was making is, the point upper respiratory, OB/GYN cases which sometimes can be lower revenue cases and then obviously your surgery and so forth suggest – maybe they not losing as many of the in-patient hiring cases. Is that – when you look at where the softness is on the in-patient volume, is that observed across the board or does it tend to be in those types of cases?
Steve Filton: Well, I think that’s a valid observation and I think the way we would or I would sort of prove that if you will is by saying that our acuity has changed very little, and that our acuity has remained consistently high which sort of suggests that we continue to get the most tertiary and the most severe and acute cases and that the business that we’re losing tends to be the less intense business that is shifting to either to out-patient or just shifting to a non-admitted status.
A.J. Rice – UBS:  All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Thanks, good morning. Steve, do you have the payer mix in the quarter, if possible the percentages by payer maybe this quarter versus a year ago?
Steve Filton: Ralph, I don’t have the specific metrics in front of me, but I will tell you that the trend that we saw in the quarter was very similar to what we have been seeing which is taking whatever metric you like, if you take the 1.3% decline in adjusted admissions that commercial and Medicare admissions declined more than that and Medicaid and uninsured admissions increased more than that and that unfavorable shift is one that’s been underway for some time and continues and quite frankly until we believe the economy is improving, our local markets, etcetera, it’s going to be difficult to sort of reverse those trends.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: And then can you remind me of the drag on Medicaid from the cuts that started last July and then the headwind or I think tailwind that you see for fiscal ’13?
Steve Filton: Yeah, so in July of ’11 we said that Medicaid rates on average were decreasing 3% to 4%. Our guidance for 2012 presume that in July of ’12 Medicaid rates would be flat to down 1% and given all the states that we have been able to get results from etcetera, and have their rates in place, we believe we are in that range.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Okay, great. That’s helpful. And then just the last one. I think there has been questions in the past on sort of the margin in EBITDA growth and behavioral and revenue trends have been higher. Revenue was obviously a little bit lower this quarter but you had better margins in growth. So I guess is that related CSI synergies incrementally coming on board or is it just more broad based maybe sustainability of that going forward?
Steve Filton: You know, I think the answer is sort of two-fold. One, again as you alluded to Ralph is, I certainly think that we continue to improve the PSI legacy margins if you will, and in short order we are going to stop using that term. But, I also believe and we have made the case that if we are able to grow revenues by 4% or 5% in what amounts to a fixed or largely fixed and semi-fixed cost business we should be able to continue to expand margins. Again, I think you saw that in Q2, it’s not always absolutely linear. So there are some quarters in which revenue grew by a little bit more and margins didn’t increase quite as much, and in Q2 of this year revenue was a little more moderated but cost controls were better. In general, I think if we can have that 5% revenue growth that I have mentioned a few times on the call, we should continue to generate expanded margins in the behavioral business.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Okay thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman – Wells Fargo: Good morning. Thanks for taking the call. Alan I would be interested to get your perspective on Washington heading into the elections and with the fiscal [inaudible] coming up, the potential that congress addresses sequestration either in a lame duck or in a new congress?
Alan Miller: Yeah. Thought you were going to ask about anything that is new. Nothing happens before the election, and lame ducks are difficult. So we don’t really have any indication except that – Vice President Cheney came out a sort of seclusion and went up on The Hill and talked about the defense. So I think they are going to have to try and address something but we don’t have any indication as to where and how we accept that. The other thing I will say is that we all are in good shape with the administration. The hospitals are and I think we have got them on the defensive a little bit because of the state’s reaction to Medicaid. So I think that – I know for a fact that the administration is going to try and be helpful to hospitals.
Gary Lieberman – Wells Fargo: Okay. Since you brought it up, is there anything new?
Alan Miller: In what regard?
Gary Lieberman – Wells Fargo: Just in general.
Alan Miller: You mean legislatively?
Gary Lieberman – Wells Fargo: Yeah, anything that you are aware of or anything that’s come across your radar screens that you find particularly interesting?
Alan Miller: No nothing – no, I think that, you know, it is the law. But a lot of people don’t like it and a lot is happening at the state level as you are well aware with regard to the Medicaid, and it’s going to be a very brutal challenging situation legislatively in Washington regardless of who wins. I think it’s unlikely that Republicans can have a sweep of all three, house, senate, Whitehouse. But it’s going to be a really very interesting year next year. But as I said, I think we are in as good as shape as we can be because of I think very smart moves on the part of some of our representatives. I don’t mean legislatively. Representatives in different organizations. I think the administration is very strongly on our side for whatever good that is.
Gary Lieberman – Wells Fargo: Thank for your thoughts.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. A few things here. Just as it relates to the M&A activity, Steve we saw that the deal termination and the cash flow statement. I just want to confirm you have exited that South Texas situation. Is that what that was?
Steve Filton: Yes. As we have disclosed at the end of last year we had a tentative agreement to buy that medical center in the South Texas market. Subsequent to reaching a definitive agreement the seller discovered some limitations they had in being able to sell the facility, and as a result of that they were unable to resolve those and the agreement was terminated.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Right. And then you said just a refund of your money. And then Auburn, we’re still on track for the September clause there, and then I just wanted to also ask about Ascend timing, is there anything different that we should be thinking about there?
Steve Filton: No. As you suggest we – our intent is to close Auburn in the third quarter, late in the third quarter, and our intent, which is a little less precise and specific as it involves FTC approvals is that we will close or be able to close Ascend sometime during the fourth quarter. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And if I could just Alan, we’d love to just get your thoughts on the acquisition outlook for the company. Obviously Ascend is in a really unique situation for you in Behavioral. How are you thinking now about acute and the outlook in that pipeline, the opportunity for more behavioral like Ascend, just would love to get your updated thoughts there.
Alan Miller: I think Ascend is very unusual in that the quality of it, nine facilities, every one of them is really good. There is new beds coming on, they’ve been very well managed, but there is a lot of growth in it. So we think Ascend was unusually good quality wise. We’re very happy with it, very happy with it. And we think we can see a lot of growth coming from it. I don't think there are networks that we know of that are similar to Ascend, so I think Ascend was – we think Ascend was just a great acquisition. With regard to other acquisitions, we're seeing a lot. And I think in this environment it’s a question of what you want to direct yourself towards, but there are a lot of opportunities. And we are going to close Ascend and move onto look at other opportunities, both acute and behavioral. But I just want to stress, I think the Ascend deal was really an excellent deal for us, unusually excellent.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Thanks for that. And then just the last thing here, we’ve heard your commentary a lot about just the comps and obviously going in to this year that was going to be a challenge particularly in Vegas, given the success for staff in Summerland [ph]. I guess, the thing I’d like to just ask is, is there anything new or different beyond the macro, you are seeing in Vegas competitively the way physicians are being organized, anything that we ought to also consider?
Steve Filton: I don't think so Darren I mean I would make the comment that obviously, when a market is contracting the way that Vegas or South Texas has been that, it’s natural to sort of see competition ramp up. People are competing for a smaller base of patients and it becomes sort of more intense and more severe and yeah, I think we’ve that in both markets. But I think our market position remains largely the same. There are small shifts in market share et cetera, but I think that the overarching issue again in both of those markets has been market softness that quite frankly we have been struggling for a long time now.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin Campbell with Avondale Partners. 
Kevin Campbell – Avondale Partners: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple of quick ones on guidance. Can you give us an estimate of the impact that moving Auburn Regional Medical Center out of continuing ops had on the earnings guidance?
Steve Filton: Just to be clear because of its relative immateriality we do not show or report Auburn as a discontinued op, we just sort of removed the detailed revenues and expenses and recorded the EBITDA loss of Auburn, which was a couple of million dollars in the quarter in the other operating expense line. Because we expect to dispose off Auburn in the third quarter, we’ve included in our guidance a comparable amount for Q3 and then assume that it’s no longer owned by us.
Kevin Campbell – Avondale Partners: Okay, that’s helpful. And as you look at your volumes particularly in the fourth quarter and the new readmission rule sort of coming into play, are you anticipating any sort of unusual difference+ in sort of volumes in fourth quarter this year versus prior years because of the new readmission rules or do you feel like you already have a pretty good hand on readmissions and therefore it’s not going to be a material impact on your volumes in the fourth quarter?
Steve Filton: No. I think Kevin as you sort of suggest that the attention to the readmission rules has now been present for a while, the government regulations and rules about the incentive penalties in that regard have been well known now for a while. I don’t sense that we are likely to see any significant or impactful change as we move forward.
Kevin Campbell – Avondale Partners: Okay. And then last question on the non-controlling interest, how should we think about that sort of from a modeling perspective going forward? Is that on a pure dollars basis?
Steve Filton: Yeah, as everybody I think knows, the most significant item on that non-controlling interest line is the minority interest in the Vegas market. And, as Darren I think and others have asked about, that’s a market that’s been soft, I think that part of our reason for revising guidance is an expectation that at least in the short run it remains so. To me, the current run rate in that market, and therefore the impact on that line is probably as good a guide to at least the next couple of quarters than anything else.
Kevin Campbell – Avondale Partners: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line Gary Taylor with Citigroup. 
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of housekeeping things. Steve, on the HITECH payment that you receive and that you breakout in the supplemental tables, I think it’s actually called revenue, but I just want to make sure that being netted in the other operating expense line, that’s not in the revenue line, correct?
Steve Filton: No, it is on the revenue line, Gary.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: Okay. On the minority interest share attributable to some of those HITECH expenses, I assume that’s down in the minority interest line as part of that line as well, right, not rollup in other op?
Steve Filton: That’s correct. It is on the minority interest line.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: Okay. I guess my last question is, can you talk a little bit about the length of stay pressure in RTC and any expectations of when that abate or is there a significant state where some policy changes might, anniversary or, when we should expect – or if we can expect reasonably that some of the length of stay pressure is going to ease?
Steve Filton: Again, this is another dynamic that certainly has been present now for – I would say going on for a couple of years where we’ve seen – really since I think the recession began we’ve seen Medicaid programs through the country tighten up on both the rate of payment, which lots of companies discuss, but for us, in the behavioral division, also on utilization which really I think is most notably reflected in length of stay contraction. Actually I thought one of the encouraging, albeit mildly encouraging dynamics in Q2 was that, I thought that the length of stay reduction decelerated a little bit, but I think to your point Gary, and my sense is that just as we talked about rates, Medicaid rate reductions is decelerating in July of 2012, my sense is that length of stay contraction should respond the same way because it quite frankly is emblematic of the same sorts budgetary issues. But I think it remains to be seen. I don’t think we’ve bottomed out yet, but I think the hope is that we’ll at least start to see some deceleration or stabilization in that contraction.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: Are there – I guess in RTC, are there some hard stops or policy changes or this is just more active utilization management I guess for lack of a better word in terms of number of days, a state of allowance.
Steve Filton – Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I think much less than hard stops is just kind of a series of initiatives that different states take on in different ways trying to move these kids out sooner, move them into less intensive settings like group homes and stuff like that. So, those are the kinds of things you see as opposed to kind of – as again you described a hard stop where they just say absolutely not after 25 days or whatever the issue is, but it’s just a variety of initiatives. Interestingly, the admission growth level has not really changed, which sort of implies, and to some degree I think it’s remained pretty strong, which sort of implies that clinically the effort to get these kids out sooner in the end is not really meeting the overall objectives in that. They may just be returning to facilities because they’re not completing an effective course of treatment.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Ransom with Raymond James.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Hey, good morning. Just based on our estimate, it looks like your profit contribution that’s really behavioral and acute if you factor in Ascend it’s close to 70% behavioral and 30% acute, if we did some estimate allocation. As you look at your mix of M&A and you think about your portfolio, do you think that number is a good number? Is that going to hold or are we at the high watermark in terms of the relevance of behavioral mix in the business.
Steve Filton: John, I think we have said many time over the years that we’ve never set sort of target percentages in the way that you framed your question. As you know, obviously that allocation used to be dramatically different with the key contribution being higher. I think our view always is we’re looking for the next dollar of invested capital to go into whatever investment that is, whether it’s an external M&A investment in acute or behavioral or internal CapEx investment in one of those segments or in buying back our own shares, we are always looking for it to go into place where we it’s going to earn the greatest return and I think that remains our approach and our point of view.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Are you seeing any large acute care deals that you are even close to pulling the trigger on, I know you guys are very sticky and you should be commended for being so. And then conversely do you think it’s possible you might explore anymore acute divestitures?
Steve Filton: I think as Alan suggested we are seeing a large number of deals available out in the marketplace and I think that’s reflective of what our peers say as well. As you suggest John we're quite proud of the fact that we're very judicious in how we evaluate those deals and what we choose to pursue. Our general sense on the acute stuff especially is that those deals are going to be available, not those specific deals, but deals of that kind will be available now for the foreseeable future. I mean I think the landscape of healthcare is changing in the country and there’s pipeline that is robust at the moment, I think will remain so. And so we'll continue to look at those kinds of deals. Just as we're looking at organic expansion, I alluded to a couple of new projects in my remarks that were underway, and new beds in behavioral. Again all those items are on the table as we think about our business going forward.
John Ransom - Raymond James: I guess I’ve heard there’s plenty of second tier and rural deals, I guess I was curious if there were kind of whole market acquisitions and larger urban market type deals, or if it’s still kind of more one-off a hospital in this market or that market or maybe a market that’s not growing. But are you seeing the upper, likely opportunity to go into a large market and take 30% share or something. Are you seeing any of those kinds of deals?
Steve Filton: I mean it strikes me that there is starting to be an evolution as you suggest of the deals available, but I think for the last couple of years it's been heavily skewed towards the single standalone, more rural providers, and I think that we're starting to see a shift to bigger systems, multiple facility systems, et cetera. Again my sense is that it’s going to continue that we’re no nowhere near the top of the curve on that yet.
Alan Miller: John, you are particularly astute, and I can tell you – and I'm sure you have seen this or you – the industry is going through a real transition, these things take time it’s going to be slow, but it's going to be a real transition, and I think the companies that are experienced and have been successful over a long period of time, and know how to evaluate opportunities and are not impatient, are going to do really well. 
John Ransom - Raymond James: Well, I guess that's what I think. I would think that there’s a pretty high probability we’re going to wake up in the next two years and you guys are going to go into a market in a pretty big way. You’ve husband your resources accordingly. I know you’re not going to jump at something just because it’s there. So, anyway, that will be interesting. My other question is I guess there was a little bit of chatter about the revenue multiple that you paid for $0.01 and I know they have very high margins and it’s been a very well run company. But this seems a little bit like a stretch multiple for you guys in particular. So what are we missing, is it the growth is the ability to add capacity on the back end of this, is that what we might be missing here?
Alan Miller: I’ll just say one thing. Really good opportunities are not bargain priced, so I wouldn’t say that this was a bargain price. Cole Hamels just went for $144 million. So there aren’t a lot of really great lefthanders around, so we think Ascend was worth what we paid, in the long run.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay. Thank you. 
Steve Filton: Great. Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets. 
Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets: Good morning, thanks. Hey, Steve, I was hoping you could back on the volume side, obviously weak by geographies. But in terms of just service lines can you comment and give some kind of characterization of the volume, between say what looked better worse between say, ortho or cardio or any other specific business lines? And then on the topic of the weak volume, I know Garry asked about tighter utilization management in Behavioral Care, are you seeing anything different in your acute markets, would that be a contributor as well as the weak accounting.
Steve Filton: Sure. Again, I think the trends, Frank, overall remain much the same and that is – and again I think A.J. was asking a similar question kind of from a different angle. But, we continue to see relatively steady volumes in our most tertiary, most severe procedures, as you would expect. Because quite frankly there sort of is no alternative inpatient treatment for those kinds of procedures. Within those kinds of procedures, we have seen a shift, as I think most of our peers have away from cardiac into orthopedics and certain other specialties over the last few years. We have seen the same decline in birth that many of our peers have seen. Again, I don’t necessarily feel like any of the trends that we have seen, other than sort of as indicated by the specific conditions in our markets are terribly different than what our peers say and experienced as well. As far as the utilization management goes, in effect I would give the same answer. I think we face the same increased pressure on rigorous review of the appropriateness of admissions as every hospital in the country and as a consequence we are feeling that same shift from inpatient to outpatient that again I think every hospital feels. But I don’t necessarily have any reason to believe that in our markets or in our hospitals we are sort of experiencing it in any sort of unique way or any differently than the average hospital in the country is experiencing it.
Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. One more follow-up. You mentioned in your earlier comments on – you had a theory about potential readmissions on the behavioral side of the RTC. Do you have to have a number like what percentage of RTC patients actually end up being readmitted in any given year? Have you ever seen that number or do you look at that number?
Steve Filton: I'm not aware of that. It may well be that we have that data. I mean, really all I was suggesting is that as Medicaid programs try and reduce utilization, one might expect to see a reduction in both admission rates and length of stay and for the most part what we have seen over the last few years is really no decline in admissions. In fact pretty strong admissions on both the residential and acute side. But a contraction in length of stay, and again, my sort of conclusion that I draw from that is that it may be somewhat self-defeating strategy and that you are getting some patients out sooner. But you are not really helping drive down the overall utilization if they are not effectively completing a course of treatment.
Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] This question is from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay great. Thanks, good morning. I guess you talked a little bit about it. But I guess if you could just talk a little bit more about what was going on in Las Vegas this quarter? I know that we had – a commentary last quarter was that some of the economic data points were starting to firm and that you kind of hope that things might start to turn by the end of the year. We’ve seen some data points get a little weaker in Vegas. What are your thoughts there?
Steve Filton: Kevin I think you have summarized it fairly accurately. I think there were some macro-indications last quarter that there was going to be overall improvement in the market. Some of those indicators have moved sideways or slipped a little bit. But the one thing we’ve consistently said and that I think we would repeat this quarter is that we are not seeing the recovery in the hospital business yet and that’s still the case. Again, I think part of the decision to take guidance down a little bit is tied to that idea that our expectation now at least in the short term is that there is not likely to be a significant recovery in that market.
Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. As you did mention earlier you have some CapEx projects coming – that you are starting. But obviously you took down guidance in part because you are concerned about the economy and that kind of things. How do you balance those two things, the desire to invest for growth down the line versus kind of what you are seeing right now as a weaker demand profile? What’s your thought process there?
Steve Filton: Well my general sense Kevin is that CapEx decisions tend to have a longer term perspective to them than operating decisions. So we I thought had very good cost controls as an example in both of our business segments this quarter as we reacted to a more modest revenue growth environment and we react very much in real-time to those kinds of changes. As we think about CapEx and particularly as you think about bigger CapEx, building a new hospital in Temecula, building a new tower at Wellington or adding beds in behavioral, those I think are much longer term decisions and I think we have to think beyond just the current economic recovery and just the market position and what we view as the long term projections in a market and that’s how we do it. So I think that’s why you see sort of more immediate changes in our operating cost structure and less immediate changes in our capital planning.
Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay I don’t know, maybe I missed it. But you guys are booking high tech revenue differently than your peers. I guess it’s in the revenue number for you. Where does that show up in your same-store metrics? Is that excluded from same-store? Does it show up in other revenue on your supplementals?
Steve Filton: It’s excluded from same-store which – and you guys know this better than I do but I think maybe a reason why sometimes our revenue data compares unfavorably to our peer is because I think they do include it in their same-store numbers.
Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yeah, now most companies are looking at kind of on a net basis as a contrary expense line. But – okay, so does that number then show up in other revenue for you?
Steve Filton: Yeah it’s a non-same-store acute.
Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Non-same store acute.
Steve Filton: Is where it will show up in the queue.
Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right, great. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Mr. Filton, we have no further questions.
Alan Miller: I have an announcement before everybody gets off. Hello, I have been asked by the Republican Party to post the vice president for nomination very, very directly after he is named. I say he, most likely a he and it’s going to be at my home in Philadelphia sometime between August 12 and 23. The convention starts the 24th and of course the 27th. I believe that’s a Monday night is when all the confirmations are done, etcetera. So if you would like to come to Philadelphia and have a really firsthand opportunity to meet the vice presidential prospect, let Steve know. Of course there is a contribution involved. But I will look forward to seeing some of you. It should be really a fun event.
Steve Filton: Okay, thanks everybody for your time and we will talk with everybody next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Filton – Chief Financial Officer Alan Miller – Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Bryan Sekino – Barclays Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse A.J. Rice - UBS Gary Lieberman – Wells Fargo Gary Taylor – Citigroup Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America Todd Corsair – UBS Whit Mayo – Robert Baird Adam Feinstein – Barclays Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christine, and I’ll be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UHS First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Filton, CFO.
Steve Filton: Thank you and good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services’ results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2012. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast, projections, and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. We’d like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of a $1.31 for the quarter, after adjusting for the prior year impact of several reimbursement items recorded during the quarter, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 was a $1.13. On a same facility basis, revenues in our Behavioral Health division increased 5.3% during the first quarter of 2012. We note that the PSI facilities are included in our same-store data for the entire quarter. Adjusted admissions and patient days to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 9.2% and 2.8%, respectively during the first quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 2.4% during the first quarter of 2012 over the comparable prior year quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year increased to 26.8% during the quarter ended March 31, 2012 as compared to 26.5% during the comparable prior year. On a same facility basis in our acute care division revenues increased 0.8% during the first quarter of 2012. The increase resulted primarily from a 1.6% increase in adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year. The relatively muted revenue growth reflects a difficult comparisons to the prior year quarter when our net revenues were favorably impacted by positive changes in payor mix especially stabilization in uninsured volumes. On a same facility basis operating margins for our acute hospitals decreased to 18.6% during the first quarter of 2012 from 20.5% during the first quarter of 2011. We also note that there are no EHR-related revenues included in our quarterly financial statements. Our acute care hospitals provided charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates amounting to $315 million and $223 million during the three-month period ended March 31, 2012 and 2011. As a percentage of acute care net revenues, bad debt, charity, care expense and the uninsured discount in this year’s first quarter were at levels higher than those experienced during the first quarter 2011. However, due primarily to the increase in behavioral health revenues and the very low levels of bad debt and uninsured discounts in that business, our overall percentage of bad debt, charity care and uninsured discounts were lower than those experienced during the first quarter of 2011. Our cash from operating activities was approximately $134 million during the first quarter of 2012, as compared to $183 million in the first quarter of 2011. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased to 56 days during the first quarter of 2012, primarily due to a lack of Medicaid payments from the State of Illinois and the lack of disproportionate share payments from Texas, as well as the Rural Floor settlement recorded as receivable during the quarter. At March 31, 2012 our ratio of debt-to-total capitalization was 59.6%. We spent $93 million on capital expenditures during the first quarter, included in our capital expenditures were the construction cost related to the ongoing construction of a new acute care hospital in Temecula, California and a new bed tower at our Wellington facility in Florida. Active in the first quarter of 2012, we have completed all of the divestitures required by the FTC as part of the PSI acquisition. Alan and I would be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein of Barclays.
Bryan Sekino – Barclays: Hi. Good morning. This is Bryan Sekino on behalf of Adam this morning. Just wanted to know if you could provide us with some details in Vegas on some of the mix shift that you saw in acute care versus the strong Q1 of ‘11, if you could provide us with some details on how the mix shift, if that was really the bullish of the mix shift in the quarter?
Steve Filton: Sure, Bryan. I mean, I think that, in talking about the comparison, the sort of anomaly was in the first quarter of last year. For those of you who recall, we talked a great deal in Q1 of ‘11 about the fact that rather dramatically unemployment rates had declined in the Vegas market from like 15% at the end of ‘10 to 12% in the first quarter of ‘11, we saw a benefit from that in our business almost immediately. We saw a reduction in uninsured volumes in the first quarter of ‘11 that was -- had an extremely favorable effect on our results and our revenues per admission, et cetera. As the 2011 progressed, the payor mix sort of regressed back to kind of a normal mean if you will both in the Vegas market I think in the portfolio in general and most of those trends continued into the first quarter of ‘11 and those, excuse me, into the first quarter of ‘12, and those trends are again the same as we have about the last few quarters. Commercial volumes are down, Medicare volumes are down, really the only volumes that are up are Medicaid, which is actually managed Medicaid and to some degree our uninsured volumes, that’s particularly true in some of our more economically troubled markets like Vegas and South Taxes, but it is generally true to the portfolio and that’s what made the comparison so difficult from an acute care perspective in Q1.
Bryan Sekino – Barclays: Okay. And then, just a question on the behavioral side, it looks like your adjusted admissions were up very strong and adjusted patient days were up, but there was a gap in the growth? Is there a shift in more acute versus RTC, or is there also some length of stay pressures from the Medicaid payors as well?
Alan Miller: Brian, it’s again -- it’s a continuing trend where we’re seeing compression in our length of stay, not anything new, but also not something that seems to be decelerating yet at this point. It is primarily focused in the residential business -- length of stay is down on both sides of our behavioral business, but primarily on the residential side. And it is mostly I think a function of Medicaid and managed Medicaid payors intentionally obviously trying to get their patients out of the residential facilities sooner than previously.
Bryan Sekino – Barclays: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci of Lazard Capital.
Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital: Good morning. Thanks for the details Steve. I guess just on volumes, over and above mix on absolute utilization, did you see anything that was new or different as you sort of look inside the details of the numbers that indicate that anything is better or worst and maybe where they’re trying to bid in in recent quarters or somewhat stabilization?
Steve Filton: No, the growth in the volumes, that 1.6% growth in adjusted admissions -- same-store admissions. We thought -- seemed to be much as expected and were reasonable number. I think, Tom, we are more focused on the fact that when the economy begins to improve in number of our markets but in particularly some of our larger markets, that we are well-positioned to benefit from that and we are waiting patiently for that to happen. Obviously, this has been an extended recession and it’s been particularly extended again in some of our most important markets. So, that’s really where we are keeping our eye on most importantly.
Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital: Okay. So not seeing things worst but doesn’t sound like you’re still waiting for things to get a little bit better. On the cash flow you mentioned some of the state collections, I guess in particular, was there anything else that you can talk about on collections or rates are still pretty consistent relative to outside, I guess of the states that you mentioned?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I think from a rate perspective there is nothing significant going on either from our government payors or our private payors. I mean the biggest collection issue which we discussed last quarter as well is almost a complete lack of payments from Illinois Medicaid. Although, payments did resume again this past week, so we view that as an encouraging sign. And we believe the Texas Medicaid disproportionate share payments, which were not made in Q1, we’re actually expecting at least a portion of those payments to be made either today or Monday. So, we’re hoping to get a little bit of easing of that pressure.
Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital: Okay. And is that Illinois resumed, did they took a catch up or how fast do you expect to make up with what you haven’t been paid in the past?
Steve Filton: I wish I could precisely answer that question, Tom, the state is not terribly helpful in letting folks know what their plan is, although they certainly have taken the position consistently that they intent to pay all the outstanding receivables. So that’s our expectation and obviously, that’s the way we’ve reflected in our financials. But there is no plan that the state has issued as to when the timing of payments will take place.
Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital: Okay. Thanks Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich of Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. A couple of things here, I guess, first, I wanted to start with capital deployment. It does look like you had a little back in the quarter on share repurchase and I guess I’d be curious just to know, if you’re preserving capital for any particular reason at the moment be it, to the extent that ties into what you’re seeing in the acquisition pipeline. How we should be thinking about that and how maybe that’s changed over the last six months or so, as you think about deploying capital?
Steve Filton: Darren, I don’t think there is anything terribly new this quarter, as I think, we’ve probably said pretty consistently over the course of the last few quarters. We are mostly focused on generating cash and repaying debt as effectively as we can. We are entertaining other opportunities both internal and external to deploy capital, if we discover or are able to take advantage of opportunities that we find really compelling, we’re prepared to do so. But, again, I’ll make the point that in our mind there are going to have to be pretty compelling.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Okay. I guess, just with the Knapp deal, looking like its turn off the table for now. Is there anything else that that looks more imminent in the pipeline, just on the acute side. Would love to get a comment or two there about what kind of things you’re evaluating?
Steve Filton: Yeah. So as we discussed last quarter, the Knapp deal that we have previously announced has elapsed largely because the seller has been unable to meet all their obligations and our involvement, some litigation at the moment. So you’re right that we put that off to the side, sort of, as is the practice, Darren. And I don’t know think we’re going to make any specific comments about opportunities on either side of the businesses. Again just suffice to say that we’re continuing to look and we’re continuing to pursue internal opportunities as well. I mentioned in my remarks that we’re building new hospitals or new acute capacity in California and Florida. And we certainly continue to explore those opportunities as well.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Right. Okay. And then just -- as you look at the acute business, obviously the comp was was the big factor here. Is there any way to help us think about how things progressed over the course of the quarter? And can you just comment a little bit about how you use see that comp impacting Q2, I know it was still pretty strong throughout the first half last year but how should we be thinking about that?
Steve Filton: Well as far as the progression goes, Darren, I would say that both volumes in payor mix probably strengthened a little bit as the quarter went on although in fairness I don’t -- I’m not exactly sure how or what to read into that. You are absolutely right. I mean, our expectations that we set couple of months ago when we gave guidance for 2012. Does that acute care revenue growth would be fairly modest in 2012 in the, kind of, 2.5% to 3% range? Part of that thinking was that we knew that in the first half of the year the comparisons would be difficult. So even though we didn’t get into specifics and won’t do that today either. I think the notion was we would be somewhat lower than 2.5% to 3% in the first half of the year and somewhat little bit higher in the back half of the year as the comparisons got easier, and that’s still our view. I should make the point that I think the first quarter played out very consistent with our internal expectations, certainly from an overall basis. But from a pricing perspective, I think we’re a little disappointed with the level of acute care pricing but don’t view it at all was as outlined with our full-year guidance.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe of Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Thanks. Good morning. Just, Steve, going back to what you just said in terms of the pricing number, down 0.8 on the acute care side obviously impacted by the mix but I just wondering on the peer pricing side, maybe, you could remind us what rates you’re getting from managed care if it’s sort of in line with what you’ve historically got and little but lower and maybe even on the Medicaid side, maybe tell us what the pure price, sort of decline was in the first quarter?
Steve Filton: I think from a rate perspective, Ralph, we continue to get commercial rate increases in the 5% to 10% range that we’ve talked about for some time. Our Medicaid declines as we been saying since July of last year or insert of three or 4% range. And I think what’s driving -- I tried to outline before, what’s driving the pressure on acute care pricing is not rates from a particular payor, but the mix of business and that mix continues to shift from our better paying commercial and Medicare patients to our weaker paying Medicaid and frankly non-paying patients. That trend has been in place for a while now and that’s -- the fact that that trend was interrupted in the first quarter of ‘11 last year, and we’re seeing sort of just -- it resumed in the back half of ‘11 and into ‘12. That’s really what’s driving that very difficult comparisons in Q1.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Okay. That’s fair. Maybe you can give us in terms of your managed care contracts, do you have what percentages done for ‘12 versus ‘13?
Steve Filton: I would say, at this point, we have probably got somewhere between two-thirds and three-quarters of our 2012 contracts done and maybe quarter to a third of our ‘13 contracts.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just going back to the behavioral side, your conversation earlier around the decline in length of stay. Is this then we should think about that’s going to comp out shortly or is there just a lot more days to come out as more -- as we get more of shift to manage Medicaid?
Steve Filton: I’m not sure Ralph that we can answer that question with great confidence. There is pressure on length of stay has been existing now for some time. I think it is largely a function of state Medicaid programs or they’re contractor managed Medicaid providers, who are attempting to address budgetary concerns and drive costs down by reducing length of stay. As we expect with Medicaid rates, we think that pressure will ease a little bit in this next budgetary cycle beginning this summer, but I suspect that we may not see length of stay compression completely stabilized at that point. It may still continue to trend downwards.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Okay. That’s all I had. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice of UBS.
A.J. Rice – UBS: Thanks. Hi, everybody. A couple of questions, if I could ask. On the acute side, the year-to-year margin trend down 190 basis points. I assume that you would say that’s mostly due to the top line pressure, but I did want to at least ask is there anything on labor or supply that’s worth calling out that you saw in the quarter that would -- was particularly noteworthy, absent just the natural effect of the pressure on the top line?
Steve Filton: No. A.J., I think that we would attribute the margin decline almost exclusively to the top line pressure.
A.J. Rice – UBS: Okay. You didn’t recognize any high-tech revenue in the -- or incentive payments in the quarter. You did collect -- it looks like $17 million in cash. Do you have any updated estimate or what is your thought on how much you would likely collect in cash this year and any thought on time -- updated thought on timing of recognition?
Steve Filton: I mean, I think, I would just kind of reiterate what we talked about from the free cash flow perspective last year -- excuse me -- at our 2012 guidance. And that is, we expect to generate free cash flow in the $400 million to $500 million range. Again, much like our operating income guidance, I don’t think we have any changes to that.
A.J. Rice – UBS: Okay. And then just finally on the Medicare proposed rule, any comment or thought or reaction of that relative to what you were thinking?
Steve Filton: I mean, I don’t know what others have said, but I think we probably reacted by thinking that the update was maybe 100 to 150 basis points lower than we expected mostly because of the higher than expected coding adjustments in our higher threshold on the outliers. I’m not smart enough to predict how the final rule will look. Obviously, the industry will lobby hard for some relief on both those issues.
A.J. Rice – UBS: Right. Sure. Okay. All right. Thanks for your update.
Alan Miller: Hey A.J. A.J., you guys did very well in a drift. We got a first rounder in Jim Fords.
A.J. Rice – UBS: Thanks. Thanks Alan.
Alan Miller: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman of Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman – Wells Fargo: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Behavioral continues to be very strong. Is it possible for you to parse out how much of that is organic, how much of that is continuing to benefit from the synergies on the Psych Solutions assets?
Steve Filton: I don’t know that I can do it precisely, Gary. I will tell you that we continue to improve the margin on the PSI assets or the PSI portfolio. And I think our view is that there is still a benefit to be -- continuing benefit that we had. So we’re generally positive about April performance for two reasons. I mean, one is we view their revenue growth in that business as very solid and strong. We’ve been growing at above 5% for 2.5 years now in the teeth, obviously, of a very severe recession. And so we feel real good about the underlying demand in that business. And then we still feel as I said, there are opportunities that we’ve talked about in many occasion before to continue to drive slightly higher margins in the PSI portfolio.
Gary Lieberman – Wells Fargo: So, the total is compared to when you first purchased the assets, the total expectation is higher lower the same in terms of the total synergies that you’ll be able to get out of it?
Steve Filton: I mean, in terms of the margin improvement, which we pegged all along that’s sort of 50 to 100 basis points. Cumulatively, I’d say we feel fairly confident. We’ll come in at the high end of that number.
Gary Lieberman – Wells Fargo: Okay. Right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor of Citigroup.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: Hey, good morning. Just had two questions. Steve, is this the first quarter that PSI is fully in the same-store or was that last quarter?
Steve Filton: No. It’s the first quarter where we have a full quarter comparison.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: Okay. So that’s what I thought. So you had been running on, kind of, the legacy UHS, north of 6% revenue growth for some time and this numbers is five to three. Did I miss any comment in terms of have you parsed out at all PSI versus legacy UHS or is the length of stay issue kind of impacting both of the assets?
Alan Miller: I think that the length of stay issue is affecting the residential assets primarily, again, in both portfolios. I will say and I know that you’re getting to this question -- getting to this point with your question, but having the PSI facilities in for a full quarter of comparison, we get a little bit of a drag from their Pines facilities in Virginia. Those were facilities that were somewhat of a problem for PSI. They were I think troubled facilities at the time the PSI owned them and quite frankly remained so for us. So, including that, we closed down one of the three campuses that we operate there. That clearly drove revenue down in the quarter in effort to, sort of, right that ship and get the quality issues in mind for future growth, which I think we feel well poised to do. But it was a bit of a drag in the quarter and the mechanics of having PSI in the same-store comparison contributed to that.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: Okay. That is what I presume you are not going to want to break those out separately anymore, but I was just wondering if the slightly slower revenue growth was impact of PSI coming into the quarter? And it sounds like it was. Would you agree -- I mean does leap year have a positive benefit for the behavioral book?
Alan Miller:  I have always been a believer that leap year doesn’t have much of an effect either way. It affects the cosmetic metrics a little bit. You’ve got an extra obviously day of both admissions and patient days, but you also have an extra day of salary expense. And so I don’t think it makes a whole lot of difference.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: Okay. And my last question maybe more for Alan, I’d be interested. I was reading the other day about this 1.5 billion Union Village development in Las Vegas, that’s supposed to have four hospitals. And just wondering if you guys had a view if that’s, kind of, still a pipe dream at this stage or if at any point geographically that would possibly create any threat to you, if they eventually get these hospitals built. Any thoughts around that?
Steve Filton: I’ll take that one Gary. So that big development which is in Southeast part of Las Vegas or in Henderson, has been on the boards for many, many years. It sounds like its a little bit closer to reality perhaps than it has been from a hospital perspective. I think the developers went to Catholic Healthcare West because they clearly have historically dominated that quadrant of the market. What we have heard and I don’t mean it any way to be definitive is that whether or not Catholic Healthcare West will build or what they will build as part of that development is very much still uncertain at this point. So I think from our perspective that is not a quadrant of the city that we have ever competed terribly robustly in and I don’t think that’s changing anytime soon.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: Okay. Great. That’s helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fishbeck of Bank of America.
Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America: Okay. Thank you. It wasn’t clear to me whether you answered this in response to AJ’s question, but as far as the EPS guidance that you’re giving, are you reaffirming that kind of ex the Medicare boost?
Steve Filton: Yeah. Our practice, I think always is, if we don’t say anything, we’re not changing anything. But yeah, we would reconfirm our year-end guidance.
Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America:  Okay. And then the Medicare boost would be on top of that one-time items you discussed this quarter would be on top of that?
Steve Filton:  Right. I mean as -- we’re excluding that from our guidance just like we excluded them during the quarter.
Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America:  Okay. All right. Perfect. And I guess, maybe the answer was the response to Gary’s question, but I would have thought that the same store behavioral revenue growth would have been a little bit stronger even if we -- is it really just that one facility or is there anything else? I guess, how much was closing down that one campus to your same-store metrics?
Steve Filton:  I don’t know the precise impact but that was probably the biggest impact, Kevin. We closed the facility in Missouri, a residential facility in a process to convert it to acute care beds that had again slightly negative impact in the quarter. Although, obviously we think in ongoing more positive impact, we continue to work on some regulatory issues in the Illinois, but I think long-term should have a positive impact. But I don’t know that any of those had real needle moving impacts.
Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America: Okay. And then, as far as Vegas goes, we’re kind of seeing some modest economic improvement in Vegas. I mean, how in your experience, how long is there between a change in the underlying economic metrics in the market before that starts to really flow through to the numbers. Because it sounds like it’s not showing up yet but when would you start to expect that to show up?
Steve Filton: I think that historically, Kevin, our view is there’s usually something like a two to four quarter lag before our business or the hospital business starts to really get the impact of underlying economic metrics, particularly changes in unemployment. It’s why we were so surprised the year ago that we seem to get on almost, kind of, real-time immediate benefit from a decline in unemployment in that market. And why we frankly at the time didn’t think that was necessarily going to be sustainable. But, sort of, to your point, I mean I think that some of the news coming out of the Vegas market over the last few months has been encouraging. We’re certainly encouraged by it. And we would hope that by the end of this year, we’d start to see some of that benefit in our business.
Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Corsair of UBS.
Todd Corsair – UBS: Hey. Thanks. Just wondered, if you guys could comment on your outlook for allocating free cash flows, as someone earlier pointed out -- only a couple million spent on share repurchase during the quarter. And I think per your 10-K, you are expecting a pretty significant amount of free cash flow. So really just interested in, sort of, viewing where you stand in terms of balance sheet at this point? Do you want to -- are you guys prioritizing, moving back toward investment grade or might we expect a more balanced allocation of free cash flow, perhaps is a little more towards the equity in terms of stock repurchase going forward?
Steve Filton:  Todd, I think that Darren asked a similar question before and I just very quickly reiterate that -- absent compelling opportunities on the M&A front, we’re largely dedicated our free cash flow to debt repayment. But are exploring these opportunities and if compelling ones arise, we will be prepared to take advantage of them.
Todd Corsair – UBS: But outside of M&A stock repurchase is a far lower priority than debt reduction?
Steve Filton:  I think all the priorities, sort of, our -- have to considered kind of -- at the same time and so I think if there is a lack of compelling M&A opportunities we might have a different point of view about free cash flow. I mean -- excuse me -- about share repurchase, but I don’t think we can kind of answer the opportunity in a vacuum. I think we are exploring all those alternatives at the same time.
Todd Corsair – UBS: That’s very helpful. Thanks and lastly, could you just refresh us on what remaining capacity you have under existing authorization?
Alan Miller: I think our existing authorization is fairly thin, but I don’t think that’s a determinative factor. If we think it’s appropriate to move forward, we certainly I think can expand that authorization with -- without a great deal of difficulty.
Todd Corsair – UBS: No obstacle there. Okay. Thanks very much for your time.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo of Robert Baird.
Whit Mayo – Robert Baird: Hey. Thanks. Just a couple of final questions. Steve, is it still your expectation that the Medicare rule for behavioral will be a notice and will probably avoid the formal rule making session? And does that really mean anything to you one way or the other?
Steve Filton:  Well, Whit. I think that the question has been put to us quite differently over the course of last few months and that is we expecting major changes to the site PPS regulations and we said, no. We expected that the action of CMS would likely either just be the regular market basket update or some minor tweaks to the system. That remains our expectation. It strikes me, more about this than I do, but it strikes me that the investors and the investing public are coming around to that point of view. We’ve had that point of view for some months now.
Whit Mayo – Robert Baird: I agree. And maybe one other question, several of your peers are feeling the pinch on salaries and other expenses from employment costs income guarantees, whatever physician strategy they have and it’s really never been central to, sort of, what you guys view is core to your strategy. Just wanted to confirm that nothing has really changed one way or the other as you think about sort of realigning interests with physicians?
Steve Filton:  Well, I think just to be clear, we certainly believe as I think most of our peers do, that physician integration is a critical piece of our strategy moving forward. I think as you described it and I think fairly described it, we may not be as enthusiastic about the idea that the only way to address the physician integration issue is through employment and acquisition. We’re pursuing, kind of, a whole array of alternatives including clinical integration, et cetera and we’ll continue to do so. In large part, because we recognize I think as you -- your comments that the purchase of physician practices and the employment of physicians often results in negative consequences like increased costs, et cetera, that if we can, we prefer to avoid. But we very much view physician integration as a market-by-market issue. And as I said, we don’t have a kind of one solution fits all approach to it. But we are very conscious of the fact that providers over the years have had very negative experiences in many cases with the economics of physician employment and acquisition and so we’re very cautious about it.
Whit Mayo – Robert Baird: Yeah. And maybe shifting gears just to high tech and maybe a longer term question. But do you have any internal thoughts as you look out to stage 2 and the requirements, and I know it’s a little over the horizon, but I guess I’m sort of curious what’s on the top of mind with your IT department right now?
Steve Filton:  I’m not exactly sure, what you’re asking, Whit. If you’re asking do we think we can comply with the stage II requirements? I think the answer is yeah. Our EHR implementation, which is still in relatively early stages but we’ve got probably a quarter of our hospitals implemented at this point. We’re feeling pretty good about the way it’s going. We’re not yet there in terms of meeting the meaningful use requirements. But we expect to be there and are feeling generally positive about the process.
Whit Mayo – Robert Baird: I guess, I was just, sort of, asking whether or not you felt that there were going to have to be more additional internal resources committed to get the stage 2 and 3 and maybe a corollary to that being the cost associated with it. I guess do you have a great idea for sort of what it looks into stage II and III at this point?
Steve Filton:  Okay. I know, okay. I better I understand the question, better. I think that our -- at this point, our overall estimates of what the EHR will -- EHR implementation will cost us have not changed. But in fairness, I think your question points to a good point or makes a good point. It’s a changing process. Every time we do an implementation we sort of rethink our approach et cetera. So, it’s certainly not impossible that some point down the road we come back and revise our estimates of cost or whatever. But at the moment, I think we’re comfortable with what we put out there.
Whit Mayo – Robert Baird: Got it. And one last one, sorry to slip this in, may have missed it. But did you give any colors on surgical growth and maybe sort of what you’re seeing with the birthrate and maybe acuity in the quarter?
Steve Filton:  Yeah. Acuity has not really changed for us. We’ve not had any significant changes in acuity. I think birthrate remains as it has been for the last few years, down a little bit. From a surgical perspective, I think our overall surgeries were probably down 1% or 2% for the quarter with inpatient surgeries being down a little bit more and outpatient surgeries being a little bit better than that.
Whit Mayo – Robert Baird: Great. Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Adam Feinstein of Barclays.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays: Thank you. I know we asked one previously. So I will be brief here. But just wanted to -- just maybe ask you guys, have done a great job of investing CapEx over the years in some of these bigger projects. So, I just thought maybe it would be helpful to just give a quick update on some of the bigger projects in recent years, maybe just talk about how those have ramped up? And as you think about doing future projects just wanted to get a quick update on some of the larger ones in recent years like Texoma and Palmdale and Wellington coming up?
Steve Filton:  Sure. So the three big acute care projects that we’ve completed in the last few years, Adam, are a new hospital a replacement facility in the acquired Texoma market, which is north of Dallas, a replacement facility for our Lancaster Hospital in Palmdale, California, and then a significant new tower for Summerlin in Las Vegas. Obviously, although, this wasn’t contemplated when we undertook those three projects, but they were all begun around the same time. They were all begun right in -- well frankly before the recession and opened in the middle of the recession. And so I think we’ve said a number of times that all three of those projects have been somewhat slower to ramp up than our original expectations. On the other hand, I don’t think that our fundamental view of any of those projects has fundamentally changed from when we undertook them. We think that they will all be ultimately (inaudible) and helpful to our earnings. Texoma is probably the one that’s had the most success so far. It’s a market that probably has had the least sort of economic drag. Southern California and Las Vegas have had more of an economic drag. So the Summerlin and Palmdale projects have been a little bit slower. In terms of the new projects that we have going, the new hospital in Temecula, California, is part of our Riverside County network, where we’ve got three existing hospitals. There is data out there that shows that Temecula is sort of the largest metropolitan area without a hospital in the U.S. So we think that there is a tremendous unmet demand there that we are hoping to serve. And then, our Wellington Hospital on the East Coast of Florida has been a hospital that has been extremely successful for us, particularly over the last five or seven years. And we’re just trying to take advantage of the fact that, we have had some capacity constraints there and so we will have that tower open by the end of this year.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays: Okay. All right. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan of RBC Capital Markets.
Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. I hopped on late, so I apologize if you’ve already answered this. But did you talk about Steve the uninsured admit rates is that either the growth in it or the mix as a percentage of total admits that were uninsured?
Steve Filton:  Frank, I think what we have said is that basically the trend we’re seeing in our acute care business is lower commercial than Medicare admits and higher managed Medicaid and self-pay admits. And that’s a trend that frankly is probably even present now for a good three, maybe four quarters.
Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Steve Filton:  Okay. Well, we thank everybody. We know everybody has a busy morning. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you again for participating in today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Filton - SVP and CFO Alan Miller - CEO
Analysts: A.J. Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse First Boston Justin Lake - UBS Securities Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird Kimberly Purvis - Cross Current Research
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q4 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to your host Mr. Filton. Sir, you may begin.
Steve Filton: Thank you and good morning. I am Steve Filton. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the full year and fourth quarter ended December 31, 2011. During this conference call Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast projections and forward-looking statements. We recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $4.04 for the year and $0.98 for the quarter. After adjusting for a reduction in malpractice reserves relating primarily to prior years, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share for the quarter ended December 31, 2011, was $0.91. Included in the quarter is a year-to-date reduction to our effective tax rate due to final implementation of certain state income tax planning and the securing of certain state tax credits. We define operating margin as operating income or net revenue less salaries, wages, and benefits, other operating expenses, supplies expense and doubtful accounts divided by net revenue. Our operating margins increased to 16.7% during the quarter ended December 31, 2011, as compared to 15.7% during the comparable prior year period. On a same-facility basis, revenues in our behavioral health division increased 6.3% during the fourth quarter of 2011. We note that the PSI facilities are included in our same-store data for one month this quarter. Adjusted admissions and patient days to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 8.3% and 4.1% respectively during the fourth quarter. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 2.4% during the fourth quarter of 2011 over the comparable prior year quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year increased to 24.7% during the quarter ended December 31, 2011 as compared to 22.6% during the comparable prior year period. On a same-facility basis in our acute division, revenues increased 1.6% during the fourth quarter of 2011. The increase resulted primarily from a 1.3% increase in revenues per adjusted admission. Adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year were relatively flat. The relatively muted revenue growth reflects a $6 million reduction in the quarter of Medicaid disproportionate share and UPL reimbursements, primarily related to Texas as well as the continued impact of negative economic trends in certain of our local markets. On a same-facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals decreased to 13.3% during the fourth quarter of 2011 from 14.4% during the fourth quarter of 2010. We also note that they were no EHR related revenues included in our quarterly financial statements. Our acute care hospitals provided charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates, amounting to $248 million and $208 million during the three month periods ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. As a percentage of acute care net revenues, bad debt, charity care expense and the uninsured discount in this year's fourth quarter were at levels higher than those experienced during the fourth quarter of 2010. However, due primarily to the increase in behavioral health revenues in the very low levels of bad debt and uninsured discounts in that business or overall percentage of bad debts, charity care and uninsured discounts were lower than those experienced during the fourth quarter of 2010. Our cash from operating activities was approximately $156 million during the fourth quarter of 2011 as compared to $89 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased to 49 days during the fourth quarter of 2011, primarily due to a slowdown in Medicaid payments from the State of Illinois. At December 31, 2011, our ratio of debt to total capitalization was 61%. We spent $90 million on capital expenditures during the fourth quarter. Included in our capital expenditures were the construction cost related to a 97 bed replacement behavioral hospital in Kentucky, which recently opened and the ongoing construction of a new acute care hospital in Temecula, California. We opened a total of 263 new behavioral health beds at some of our busiest facilities in 2011. And effective in the first quarter of 2012, we have completed all of the divestitures required by the FTC as part of the PSI acquisition. The proceeds from these divestitures totaled approximate $115 million consistent with our expectations. Excluding the unfavorable $0.04 per diluted share EHR impact described in our press release, our estimated range of earnings per diluted share attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2012, is $4.33 to $4.48 and projected net revenues of $7.2 billion. You should note that this revenue figure excludes the previously announced NAP acquisition, which is not included in our 2012 guidance. Our net revenues for 2012 have been adjusted to reflect reclassification of our provision for doubtful accounts, which began in January 1, 2012, will be reflected as a deduction from revenues rather than as an operating expense. Alan and I will be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of AJ Rice.
A.J. Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group: Could you maybe tell us, in your mind, maybe give us a little bit of flavor for what you see to be the sling factors in 2012 guidance? And I know you key operational variables move into, around and that. And then you don't typically give quarterly guidance, but I think you're facing a fairly tough comp in Vegas in the first quarter, which I think it was fairly strong last year. Can you give us any sense at all about maybe first quarter outlook in light of that? I assume the way you lay out the guidance is the rest of the year the comps will get about considerably easier, particularly as you move to the back half of the year?
Steve Filton: I mean, actually you've asked for a lot of information in short order, but that's fine. I think as we reflect back on 2011 it was a tail, particularly in the acute segment of two-halves of the year. As you suggest, early in the year, particularly in the first quarter and particularly in the Las Vegas market, we saw a significant improvement in our payer mix and as a consequence a rise in our revenue growth per unit. And we were not able to sustain that as the year went on, as unemployment after coming down in the beginning of the year in Las Vegas rose again as the year went on. So revenues in the acute segment rose on average and that's inclusive of bad debt, something live 5.5% in the first half of the year and only about 2.5% in the back half of the year. Our 2012 guidance for the acute division is more reflective of the way we exited the year and pegs revenue growth for the acute segment in kind of the 3% to 3.5% range, much more closely to what we're currently running. On the behavioral side, again, the results have been more consistent in our guidance for 2012, reflects that consistency we estimate that we'll be able to grow revenues in 6% to 6.5% range. And that's the premise of our guidance. From a quarterly perspective, you raised I think a very fair point, and you're right we don't give quarterly guidance but we would certainly will try and remind people that we had a very strong first half of the year and extremely strong first quarter. I think if you look at it historically, in what I would sort of call a normal year. We've earned something like 52% of our pre-tax earnings in the first half of the year. And 48% in the back half give or take percentage or two. In 2011, I think those numbers were closer to 58%, 59% in the first half of the year. We would suggest and our own internal guidance suggests that 2012 will return to kind of a normalized allocation with us earning something like 51% or 52% of our overall annual earnings in the first half of the year. So I think as you all think about your models and your allocations of our guidance or your own guidance, obviously I would suggest that that you sort of keep those guidelines in mind.
A.J. Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group: Just last thing, on the NAP acquisition you said that that is not in the guidance. Can you give us sort of your update on that and then if it were to close with that be something that you would say is sort of neutral issue or could it be additive at some point this year?
Alan Miller: We announced the NAP acquisition, I think back at the end of November, subsequent to that the selling board of the hospital realized that they had a legal obligation to obtain approval for the sale from an independent hospital authority board and they have been in the process of attempting to do that and are determined to do it. They have run into some obstacles. We've largely sort of stepped aside as they try and resolve this problem. We stand ready to complete the deal. If in fact they get the requisite approvals, we're prepared to move forward. The main reason I mentioned that NAP wasn't in the guidance is because I think some people were struggling a little bit with our revenue projections without NAP in the guidance. As far as an earnings perspective, we were always thinking that in 2012 the NAP transaction would be fairly neutral to having any impact on our 2012 earnings.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Maybe just starting at the point and I just want to say it is a great year for you guys. And just looking back through to my notes and I guess we started the year initially at about $3.55. So it's certainly a very strong year even with some of the headwinds you highlighted, Steve, in the acute care space. So maybe just a quick update in terms of just the key markets, just get some more color on Vegas and then on the McAllen market, also Steve?
Steve Filton: Sure, Adam. When I talked about or referred to kind of a tale of the two half of the year, a lot of that I think is a function of our individual and most important markets. The Vegas market really outperformed in the beginning of the year, they saw their unemployment rate dropped in a short period of time from a high of about 15% to something like 12% in the first quarter of 2011. But then as the year progressed unfortunately that employment rate downs back to 14% and our payer mix consistently sort of deteriorated with that metric. Right now, I think it's sort of status quo in the market. Our Vegas volumes were relatively soft in Q4. Payer mix remains stable to maybe very slightly down. There is a lot that's been written about the market, much more focus quite frankly on the gaming industry that suggests that by the end of 2012 the market will start to see some broader economic recovery. For the most part we really have not embedded any of that in our guidance. Our guidance simply assumes that the payer mix situation stabilizes and as a result of that that our revenue growth picks up a very slight amount from where we are today. The South Texas, particularly the McAllen market is much of the same. We've disclosed in number of previous quarters that the economy down there has been a fairly soft over the last four or five quarters. That market is plagued by some unique issues, border violence, issues in Mexico that obviously are again very unique to that market and much of the same our expectations over that not a lot of that changes in a significant way in 2012.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: And just a couple of follow-up questions. And then I guess with the PSI integration fully ramped up now. I guess, just, you'd outlined the base case $40 million in the synergies and potentially in $20 million just on the improved margins. So just, Steve, any update in terms of just relative to the initial base case in terms of how you're thinking about just the overall impact from that?
Steve Filton: So I think that the corporate overhead synergies, Adam, we estimated, we would achieve about half of it, literally out the gate with the transaction a year ago. And we'd achieved the remaining half of the $40 million that you alluded to over the course of a couple years. I think that has gone, very much according to plan. I think we're largely there. We've gotten most of those overhead savings. There maybe a few million dollars to go in 2012. But I think we are certainly the lion share of the way there. As far as the margin improvement, I think as you start to see the behavioral result. You start to dig into them a little bit more. I think you'll see that we actually, well, we didn't anticipate getting a lot of margin improvement in 2011. I think you'll see that we actually were able to achieve a little bit of that margin improvement in '11. I think the general, since that they were somewhere between 50 and 100 basis points of available margin improvement over a couple of years. I think we still share that view. Again, I think we got a little bit of it in '11. And I think our sense is we'll get the rest of it in '12 and to some degree in '13 as well.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: And it is just a final question for Alan, maybe just if you could just talk a little about your view in terms of the overall environment and just clearly a lot of things going on in Washington but just your thoughts in terms of just managing in this environment with some of the uncertainty in the Washington?
Alan Miller: Adam, I don't think much is going to happen of anything. The election is coming in terms of legislation. As you know, some of the ObamaCare has been modified rollback exemptions. So that will be very interesting to see what the supreme court does and what happens in the election. So we don't anticipate anything much during the year, waiting for the election. The one thing, I had noticed that there appears to be a lot of opportunities coming up. The non-profits are uncertain, more uncertain than others and there is a lot of opportunities. And we have done well in terms of integration of psych solutions. So we are optimistic.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci.
Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets: Just two questions. One, both in behavioral health, the first, there has been some focus in Washington on the Medicare side. If you go back a few months in terms of look back to your PPS, just wondering what your latest views are there in terms of the potential for change or not in the Medicare side? And then, number two, clearly volumes have been very strong. I'm just wondering if it's real big picture, how you sort of seeing the supply demand equation out there. It seems like whenever you build a bed its fills fairly quickly. So where do you think these people getting care before the beds are build. Is there still a significant supply demand imbalance or really where you think the volume is coming from?
Steve Filton: Sure, Tom. So taking the reimbursement question first, CMS had announced previously that when they came out with their annual Medicare rate update for behavioral. They would likely sort of do as you suggest that our retrospective look back on the PPS program and perhaps make some tweaks of the system. Some people I think get delivered to that to me and they would consider some major overhauls. There was some conversation at the MedPAC meeting or two in that regard. Our expectations, we've said this for while is that sometimes soon in the spring CMS will announce their rate update for fiscal 2012. We think that that's likely to be accompanied if at the most by some small changes in the side PPS system. But at this point we do not anticipate any significant revamps or reduce or overhauls of the system and largely anticipate that it will give business as usual in terms of Medicare reimbursement. In terms of volume strength in the behavioral business, we've attributed it to a few different dynamics. You focused on the one, which is our continued capacity expansion. And we have certainly benefited from that. And we have been clear that we didn't think we could be putting up the sort of growth numbers that we are. If we were not doing this sort of and have been doing this regular capacity expansion that at least in our own portfolio now then ongoing for probably six or seven years. I will say this time. I mean I think it's not just a question of the old feel, the dream dynamic that if you build it they will come. I think we have been very prudent and our operators have been very prudent in identifying those situations, those markets, those hospitals that have an unmet demand that are currently turning patients away. They're operating at very high occupancy levels. That's where we have been adding beds. And as a consequence as you suggested, when we add beds we've been pretty successful in filling them fairly quickly. I think we've also benefited from the fact that behavioral demand has not been as recession sensitive as demand in the acute care services are frankly demand in other health care services, that's been helpful in terms of weathering the recession. And finally, we certainly have been helped legislatively by mental health parity legislation, which is kind of taken a while to gain traction and to kick-in. But I think we've clearly benefited from that over the last few years. So we continue to pursue our capacity expansion program. We've got many, many hundreds of beds in the pipeline, various stages in the pipeline. We often have sort of regulatory zoning issues that we have to overcome, but we're working very aggressively because we think that the demand, we're not seeing any diminution in that demand. And so we want to be in a position in those markets whereas called for to take advantage of the growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse First Boston: Just wanted to go back to the guidance, I guess I am sort of wondering, Steve, when you mentioned kind of that 3% to 3.5% on the acute care side and 6% to 6.5% on the behavioral side, maybe if you could help us sort of bridge what that means sort of on the EBITDA side of things, obviously the last couple quarters, topline on the acute care side has been weak, which has led to sort of declines in the EBITDA numbers and so I'm just wondering how you're thinking about sort of the operating earnings growth in both of the businesses?
Steve Filton: I think on the acute side, Ralph, 3%, 3.5% growth would generally get you to EBITDA performance that would be flat to very slightly up. I think that there are few tailwinds that push that up a little bit in the sense that we've talked over the last year to about our acute care capital projects, that's new capital that we've employed in Texoma, and in Handel and new tower at Summerlin and those projects continue to ramp up. And I think provide a little bit more up lift and then we would get just from kind of same-store results. And also I think we've talked about some of the drag that we felt for more South West facility over the last couple of years, which has been very focused on some regulatory compliance issues. We've seem to be largely have that behind us and so we're hoping for pickup in that market as well. So that maybe pushes the EBITDA. It provides a little bit of cushion for that growth. On the behavioral side, again, I think our view is that 6% or 6.5% of revenue growth should translate into high-single digit. EBITDA growth and that includes I think going back to Adam's question some improvements in the acquired PSI portfolio. So I think that's where how the guidance rolls up to the growth that we project in the guidance.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse First Boston: And then, just going back to the kind of 1Q, tough comp and the commentary, you know, helpful to get sort of that split first half to second half, I guess to get sort of a little more granular and would you be little in this sort of suggest, I mean do you expect EPS to sort of be up or down in the first quarter relative to what you reported in the first quarter of '11. What do you expect EPS to grow?
Steve Filton: I think again if you sort of do the math on the percentages that I suggested, it would sort of lead to the believe that we may well be a little bit behind by as you see in the first quarter and then make it up as the year progresses.
Operator: Your next comes from the line of Justin Lake.
Justin Lake - UBS Securities: Two questions here, first up for Alan. Alan, in the release you discussed being encouraged by opportunities to expand your presence in the behavioral health business, can you push that upwards?
Alan Miller: I have nothing specific to tell you but because of our position, when anyone wants to sell or anyone wants to have a new facility built we are the obvious one that they come to. So we are very, as Steve has pointing out we have been expanding our existing facilities, but we are looking at other things as well.
Justin Lake - UBS Securities: So you're seeing the pipeline for M&A or de novo opportunities expand versus where it's been the last few years or tell me if I'm wrong, I don't think there has been much in the way of M&As and obviously the psych solutions?
Alan Miller: Psych solutions but there is more business out there. We just had a conversation about building beds and seeming to fill them up when we build them. So there is demand out there. And we are preeminent in that business. And people come to us. So we are encouraged that we will continue to have opportunities both internally and for new facilities.
Justin Lake - UBS Securities: And then, just last, Steve, the second question was that I'm wondering if you can walk us through the cash flow and CapEx expectations for 2012?
Alan Miller: I think that our CapEx numbers which I think we disclosed in the 10-K but we're in that sort of 350 range, 350, 360 in terms of estimated CapEx for 2012 which is a little bit of a tick up from this year. And it's reflective of ramp up in the spending on a Temecula hospital that we mentioned in our prepared remarks. It's also reflective of a new patient tower we're building in our hospital in West Palm Beach, Florida as well as kind of smaller but cumulatively impactful numbers of all this behavioral expansion that we're doing both again in our legacy portfolio and in the acquired PSI portfolio as well. Cash flows, if you sort of run through our guidance and use the income numbers in our guidance, I think cash flows or free cash flows after CapEx is in the kind of 450, 500 range in 2012. And our guidance presumes that bulk of those cash flows go towards the repayment of debt as they have for the past 12 to 15 months.
Justin Lake - UBS Securities: And, Steve, you mentioned the repayment of debt there. And maybe I'll ask this to Allen specifically as you think about capital deployment there own, obviously you brought the side business. You made some commitments to leverage yourself back to investment grade. In the meantime, just recently there has been some really interesting deals from HCA and community in the debt market. You're paying down a low very cost debt for 2013. Any thoughts on where there might be opportunity to change tact there and mend expense to extent to some of these debt deals instead of paying down 4% debt ,buy back stock or do accretive acquisitions that might be more shareholder-friendly?
Alan Miller: I think you covered just about all the opportunities. We're looking at. The company is opportunistic. And we are considering all of the above. In terms of, I might be a little more specific, potentially buyback acquisitions and expansion of our existing portfolio. And having come down to 60%, 61%, we are moving in a very strong direction financially.
Justin Lake - UBS Securities: And If I could just ask one last specific question, Steve, in terms of the debt with these deals going on, just curious if you talked to bankers about what that market might look for you. And if you have any estimate for us in terms of if you were to do a transaction here. This amend may extend maybe even a recap, where would the debt markets looks like versus or the interest expense look like on that debt versus what you currently have?
Steve Filton: The easy answer to your question is we're always talking to our banks and looking at what's happening in the markets currently. So that's a process that literally is sort of ongoing all the time. I think if you look at what our peers have done in the last month lets say, those I think refinancing deals have been driven by one or two motives or maybe both wanted to lower their interest rates and interest expense and two was to extent their terms out. As far as lowering interest rates, even with the refinances that have taken place our interest rate structure is still by far the best out there. I think that it would be difficult for us in this market to improve our interest rates much if at all. So that's tough for us. And then in terms of extending our terms out again, not getting into the specifics of our peers. Our terms already are going out at a four five years. So we don't sort of feel that's same, a kind of immediate pressure to do that. So again, we're always looking at the market and we'll continue to do so. And if opportunities rose along the menu that Alan discussed, we're always interested in what we could access the markets for additional capital. So we're always doing that. But again, I mean I think at the moment the general sense is to continue on the track and the trajectory that we've been on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities: Maybe you could just give us an update on where you are with regards to managed care contracting for 2012 and 2013 and any color in terms of what you're seeing ion the renegotiations both on the acute and the behavioral side?
Steve Filton: Sure, Gary. It's an interesting area and I know a lot of the folks on the call routinely are having conversations with the managed care companies. And I know that the managed care companies tend only because I read many of your reports to paint a picture of a landscape that's changing a great deal that have a lot of sort of new dynamics in terms of narrower networks and tiered networks. And contracts that are much more aligned with quality metrics, et cetera. I think in real time and on the ground with our contracts, we're not seeing very many of those same dynamics. Our contracts tend to look very much like they've looked before. And our rate increases have tended to be fairly healthy. We've talked about getting rate increases in the 5% to 7% range for many quarters now. And I think we feel like we continue to be comfortably in that range. Most of our contracts for 2012 are in the books at this point. There is a small percentage more towards the end of the year. A goodly number of 2013 contracts are already committed to. And again, I think we're very comfortable that we remain in that range of at least 5% to 7% and without a whole lot of other changes to our contracts. And by the way, I'm not sure that we would be adverse to some of those other dynamics. I think we feel like we've got very strong provider networks in many of our markets and we'd be anxious to be in a tiered network or we rather see the top tier and narrower network, and we're anxious in many of our markets to have quality metrics play a larger role, et cetera. But we're just not seeing a lot of that.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities: Any sense or any thoughts on what types of benefit design changes you saw in '11 or might see in '12 and the impact that that's had on utilization, if any?
Alan Miller: I think the managed care companies are always in a better position than the providers are to give specific information about that. I mean I think our sense generally is that the trends that we've seen for the last few years continue, and that is a continued shift in the payment obligation from the company or the insurance planner, the managed care organization to the patient or the employee themselves. And so we are in the position of having to collect a larger portion of the bill from the patient themselves than from the insurer. We have a lot of great data on exactly how much that's occurred, et cetera. Certainly, that trend towards a greater payment obligation to the part of the employee or the patient and combined with the weak economy certainly has been a significant and maybe the most significant contributing factor to the muted demand that the acute business has seen over the last few years as patients where they're able to postponing and deferring more discretionary acute care. No question we continue to see that trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fishbeck.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: I wanted to follow up on a couple of questions that were asked earlier. I just want to clarify around the acute care hospital EBITDA outlook. I think the 3% or 3.5% revenue growth would lead to flat to up slightly EBITDA. Why won't you be able to kind of keep margins flat with that type of revenue growth and then grow EBITDA on that 3% to 3.5% range?
Steve Filton: I think, Kevin, the nature of our business model, no different than our peers, is that this is largely a fixed and semi-fixed cost business. And I think that there has always been sort of a relatively modest amount of revenue growth that sort of covers, if you will, your cost inflation. And I think we believe in this environment it is roughly that sort of 3% to 3.5%. We certainly have a number of initiatives underway to restrain our cost inflation to the degree that we can or the growth of our cost. But our best guess is kind of in that 2.5% to 3.5% range is probably the rate at which you can keep your EBITDA flat. Now, obviously the corollary to that is a little bit of growth above and beyond that should lead to real margin expansion. And obviously if you can't get there, which is the position we've been in the last couple of quarters, you've seen some margin contraction.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: But if your revenue and your cost are growing at the same rate, doesn't that mean your EBITDA is going to also be growing 3%, 3.5%?
Steve Filton: Kevin, I don't mean to cut it too finely here. But I think we're right around that. This is just a mass exercise. If revenue grows at 3% and costs grow at 4%, then we should have some expansion. If revenue grows at 3% and costs grow 3.25%, we'd probably have relatively flat EBITDA. I think we're operating in a pretty narrow range when you're talking about those assumptions.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: And then as far as the deal environment, I don't know if I'm reading too much into, but I think Alan had made some comments about the deal outlook and being encouraged by. Historically, as a company, you guys have been some of the most cautious around acute care hospital acquisitions, because you have a very specific target deal in mind. Do you see that that pipeline is actually starting to heat up there or was I reading too much into that?
Alan Miller: We hear about a lot of deals. We hear about a lot of stresses in the acute business. So we're looking. And some folks thought we wouldn't do this type of deal before. We're always looking and the big thing is getting a good property, good price and having the ability to do it. I think we're there for all of those.
Steve Filton: I also would just clarify, Kevin, you're absolutely right that we haven't done a great deal of external M&A on the acute side in the last few years. As I mentioned earlier, we put about $0.5 billion of new capital into some very large projects, take them off before, Texoma, Palmdale, Summerlin. To a large degree, we've concluded that we could more economically prudently build new capacity than buy it from somebody else. And I think as Alan suggested before, we continue to go through that thought process as well. We're not stuck on expanding EBITDA in one particular way. If there are opportunities to grow existing EBITDA streams in our existing markets and existing franchises in both real and acute, we're going to pursue that. But we've definitely not been stuck on the notion that kind of one size or one transaction fits everything that we want to do. So we've been fairly aggressive or employed a fair amount of capital in growing our acute business over the last few years, even though it has not been as you probably really pointed out so much on the M&A side.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: I guess last quarter, you guys made some bullish commentary about just how you saw the dislocation in the stock price, historic drop, if you will. Q3 and Q4, you're buying back stock. I mean stock has come back up. Is share repurchase still a big part of the mix or should we read into commentary earlier that kind of debt pay down is really still the first use of capital?
Steve Filton: Again, I was clear that debt pay down remains our first use of capital. We continue to generate however a fair amount of cash. And I think Alan I thought was very clear in saying that all other options are on the table including share repurchase. So we're actively evaluating and pursuing all those other options at the same time.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: On the Medicaid side, I think in the 10-K you said that the fiscal '12 Medicaid rates were down 3% to 4%. What's your calendar '12 outlook for Medicaid?
Steve Filton: Just to frame it for everybody, most state Medicaid year is run from July to June, and we presume or we essentially know now that from July of '11 through June of '12 that our Medicaid rates are down on average about 3% or 4%. What our guidance and our budget presumes is that in July of '12 that Medicaid rates improve, at least relatively improve and maybe are down or flat to down maybe 1% beginning in July of '12.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Just a couple of specific questions here. I guess, first, as it relates to the behavioral business, you obviously picked up some contract related businesses, some things that you have been in the four. I'd be curious to see your thoughts on how you're viewing that set of businesses and whether that's something, you're going to be putting a little more emphasis in terms of growth going forward?
Steve Filton: So, Darren, I mean as part of the PSI acquisition we acquired, what used to be called the legacy Horizon business, which was their management contract business. Just to be clear, we had a management contract business for many years, in more recent years and specifically I think after Psych PPS was implemented, we didn't necessarily see that as a tremendous growth business. But PSI was successful with Horizon and we've embraced that business, and focused on it and continued to try and grow it. It is still a relatively small piece of the overall behavioral portfolio. And I think quite frankly, just given the size of the portfolio is unlikely the change from a relative level of importance in that sense. But it's a business that Horizon remains I think the biggest contract provider in the country and we certainly wanted to maintain that position.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: The contract business that you have in the construction management side of things, obviously separate business entirely. But is there anything at all in 2012 guidance that related to that, maybe just update us briefly on whether there's going to be much there going forward?
Steve Filton: We continue to pursue that business. Again, I would describe it as something that while we think it makes sense and as we're able to get contracts, they can be reasonably lucrative. It's like it would remain a small part of the business. We do have, I think we've mentioned this before, a new contract to build a hospital in Florida. There's probably a couple of penny of income in our 2012 guidance that are reflective of that particular contract. And again, we continue to look for incremental opportunities to that.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: And maybe just last question here as it relates to the Cerner implementation, you've maybe shifted some things around with regard to your high-tech contribution. Can you just update us there on how that's coming together and how we should be thinking about the impact on expenses mainly in 2012 as you move through that process?
Steve Filton: So again, just to put this in historical perspective, we signed our Cerner contract at the very end of 2009, spent the next 18 months or so on the design phase of that project and implemented our first hospital on Cerner in roughly July of 2011. We then have a plan and a schedule that has us converting the balance of our 25 acute care hospitals over the course of the next 24 months or so. And we've been adhering to that schedule. So, obviously as we implement those hospital, we've been differing from a financial reporting perspective, we've been differing the design and implementation fees and we start to amortize them as we bring each hospital live, that will be the bulk of the sort of incremental effect. And when we talked in our guidance about the incremental expense related to Cerner to EHR implementation Cerner to the EHR implementation, it's really mostly those investment type cost that will start to be amortized. From an operating perspective, Darren, we had an EHR system in place prior to Cerner, basically a home grown system, and we had operating cost associated with that. We generally feel that the operating cost related to Cerner will simply replace the operating cost that we had in our home grown system and there won't be a whole lot of incremental expense. There maybe some as we do the transition, kind of duplicative expense at each hospital a couple of months a duplication effect, but not a whole lot. So I think our view is that operating expenses remain largely the same, what I'll sort of call the one-time capital investment, which we've pegged at $6 million or $7 million for each of our acute care hospitals is really the source of the bulk of the incremental expense. And then obviously, we hope that a significant portion, albeit not all of that winds up getting reimbursed through high-tech reimbursement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Arnold.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co.: A couple of questions on the behavioral health division, can you clarify, are you expecting your Psych PPS update to be about 3% in October 2012?
Steve Filton: Christine, I believe our guidance presumes it's between 2% and 3%, yes.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co.: And then, can we walk through some math here, as I think about the Psych business and the fact that you're converting maybe 150 basis points of revenue from Medicaid's commercial within your behavioral book, because you're taking now commercial patients and residential, and then you're converting residential beds to acute. You're targeting 150 to 200 beds, that's maybe to 2% to 3% of beds. It seems to me, it should get at least a 100 basis point boost to pricing, given that Medicaid pays 40% to 50% of what commercial does. Is that embedded in behavioral guidance in terms of the pricing or is that upside?
Steve Filton: First of all, Christine, I have to say that you are way better doing math in your head than I am. So I'm not sure I'm able to follow that. But I think your point is that, we're doing a number of things to shift away from our reliance on Medicaid, particularly in our residential business. I think the two things that you cited are that we're taking more commercial patients, which historically we really had very few commercial patients in our residential business. And secondly, we're converting at least a small number of beds from residential to acute, which again should have the effect of shifting away from our reliance on Medicaid. I think that, again, while I didn't follow the precise math that you went through. The fact that we've been able to sustain fairly high behavioral revenue growth in the third and fourth quarters of this year, despite the fact that we've had 3% or 4% cuts in our Medicaid reimbursement, I think is reflective in part, it's obviously reflective of the strong volumes that we have. But it's also reflective of what you're suggesting, which is some efforts on our part to reconfigure our payer mix a little bit to a more favorable and less Medicaid reliant payer mix. So again, while I can't comment on the precise math that you've talked, I think in general your sentiment is correct.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co.: So is there still room to move on, mixing more commercial into the residential and moving up to 200 residential beds to acute?
Steve Filton: Yes, I think we continue to look at those opportunities again to take commercial patients, where we've not necessarily taken them before and to convert residential beds where that opportunity exists. I don't think we feel we've exhausted either of those opportunities yet.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co.: And then just on the acute pricing, if I look at your net revenue per adjusted admission it was up 1.3% in the quarter in acute. If I take out the $6 million from the disproportionate share in Texas and EPL and also South Carolina, I get to 1.9%.
Steve Filton: Operator did we lose Christine.
Operator: Your next question comes from Whit Mayo.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: I have maybe just first it's a random question. There have been a string of what I think are somewhat interesting local press reports in the past month or so, that seem to point to a number of closures of the state owned psych hospitals. And it seems like a lot of these states are just taking the state funds and the patients and transferring them to the private freestanding providers. And I was just curious if you were (devey) of seeing this in any of your markets or just any thoughts on that?
Steve Filton: I mean, I've seen some of those same press releases with. Again, I think as you know historically, the patient population that is tended to occupy state behavioral facilities is not the same as the patient population we normally treat in our facilities. I don't think we've really had the experience of getting a significant load of patients from a state facility in any of our markets. Maybe if that starts to happen with more frequency, we might see that. But it's not an easy sort of trade in essence, because I think and in a lot of cases these state hospitals are treating a more chronically old population that's designed for people who stay for longer periods of time. And quite frankly, I just don't think we're equipped in many cases to treat that same patient population.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: It seems interesting some like Medicaid like and Medicare payment that they are giving providers. But I guess maybe to follow on I think with Christine was, just can you talk maybe about UPL in 2011, and how it differed from 2010, and maybe thoughts on 2012? And if you want to comment just on any other pickup in other supplemental funds provider taxes it'd be helpful?
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think that our UPL and disproportionate share, which we sort of combined as our kind of two special Medicaid reimbursement programs. I think in total, we're down somewhere between $12 million and $14 million from 2010 to 2011. We called out that $6 million of that reduction was in Q4. In our guidance for next year, we presume that that same reimbursement is down probably another $7 million to $9 million in our 2012 guidance. Again, most of that is Texas, although there are some other states. Provider taxes were down, as I recall about $3 million this year, and again I think our guidance presumes that they are down $1 million or $2 million next year. So that gives you a sense of how those numbers move next year.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: And maybe just back on at the Psych business for a second. Can you just sort of remind us where you are with some of your cost trends as wages, payroll, supplies form? Is there any reason that those unit cost would grow faster than your revenue over the foreseeable future?
Steve Filton: Well, look I think the behavioral business has a number of advantages that you've been able to see in our financial statements now for a while. First of all, the revenue growth in behavioral has clearly been more robust than it's been in acute and that allows us a lot more operating leverage. Getting back to the conversation I was having with Kevin before, if we think 2.5% or 3% is the kind of breakeven EBITDA growth rate or revenue growth rate, we've been well above that in behavioral. And you'll see that in our expanding margins. The other aspect of it is, is I think we just don't have quite the same level of cost inflation on the behavioral side maybe because you don't have that sort of what I'll call technological component, the cost of drugs or pharmaceuticals and medical equipment technology that you really have on the acute side. So if anything I think which I think refers to your question that cost inflation on the behavioral side maybe 50 basis points or 60 basis points slower than it is on the acute side.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: And may just one final editorial. I think you've now accumulated over $80 million in prior year favorable developments from med mal for the past three years and most companies would have taken full credit for that. So I just wanted to recognize your progress on that front?
Steve Filton: I appreciate that, Whit, thanks. We've generally been very conservative in that regard. And I appreciate somebody know this thing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Purvis.
Kimberly Purvis - Cross Current Research: You had mentioned that EBITDA improvement in the PSI portfolio was expected in 2012. What will be driving that? Is that improved volumes, pricing or something else?
Steve Filton: I think it's a little bit of everything, Kimberly. Although, I think generally we had the sense when we did the acquisition that the UHS facilities on average were run a little bit more efficiently. And that most of the savings or most of the margin gap closer would result from improved expense control.
Kimberly Purvis - Cross Current Research: Can you give a little bit more specific information on that, I mean, is it personal? What exactly is the rental expense? Just a little bit more color there?
Steve Filton: I think it's across the Board. I mean, obviously, if you look at our behavioral segment financial statements and 50% or more of our costs are salaries and wages. So obviously, some of those savings will come from the labor side of the business. But I think we feel it sort of comes pro rata if you will from across the income statement. And just I think is a function of a 30-year history we have of running that business and having the best margins in that business and just doing it as efficiently as anybody else.
Operator: And you have a follow-up with Christine Arnold.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co.: I was attempting to ask about the acute pricing, which was up kind of 1.3% in that revenue per adjusted admission in the quarter. And excluding the $6 million from UPL DSH, it was only up 1.9%. So they get to 3%. Are we assuming a payer mix improvement in 2012 or maybe better Medicare pricing? Can you just tease out in addition to the Medicaid improvement where else you see pricing improvement on acute?
Steve Filton: Sure. I would make one point before that, Christine. And that is, when we talk about acute care, we talk about revenue growth in general. We're always talking about an inclusive of bad debt expense. So earlier in the call, when I talked about our revenue in acute care growing at 5.5% in the first half of the year and 2.5% in the back half of the year, that was inclusive of bad debt. So I think if you include the bad debt in either Q3 or Q4, you're looking at a number that is much closer to 2.5%. But to your point that still is a little lower than our guidance for 2012 presumes. And I think that the increase in our guidance, I did try and tease this out before perhaps I wasn't transparent enough, comes from a couple of things. I mean one is the improvement in some of these facilities that we've invested quite a bit of money in Texoma, Palmdale and Summerlin and that continue to ramp up. That's number one. And number two is, we do assume while there is no recovery in volumes or uptick in volumes in our guidance. We do assume there is some stabilization or payer mix. And certainly in Q3 and Q4 we saw a payer mix deteriorate, a little bit, not a great deal, but a little bit. And again, the presumption is that in order to reduce that revenue growth number up in acute care, we would have to see that payer mix stabilize in 2012.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co.: And Medicare, what are you assuming for Medicare, October 2012?
Steve Filton: Again, I think it's that same 2% to 3% that we talked about. And behavioral, obviously, the two different numbers, but they coincidently wind up being in the same magnitude.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time.
Steve Filton: Well, we thank everybody. And we look forward to speaking to everyone again after our first quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Filton – SVP, CFO and Secretary Alan Miller – Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital Markets Justin Lake – UBS Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse A. J. Rice – Susquehanna Financial Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Christine Arnold – Cowen & Co. Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Gary Lieberman – Wells Fargo Securities Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets John Ransom – Raymond James & Associates Whit Mayo – Robert W. Baird Gary Taylor – Citibank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiktera [ph] and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q3 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Mr. Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve Filton: Thank you. Good morning. I am Steve Filton. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2011. As discussed in our press release last night the company recorded net income per diluted share of $0.86 for the quarter compared to the as adjusted $0.55 per diluted share recorded during the third quarter of 2010 as calculated on the supplemental schedules included with last night’s press release. During this conference call we will be using words such as expects, believes, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011. We’d like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. On a same-facility basis in our acute care division, revenue increased 3.1% during the third quarter of 2011. Adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year were essentially flat for the quarter. On a same-facility basis, revenue per adjusted admission increased 3.5% over last year’s quarter. As expected, the robust acute care revenue growth experienced earlier in the year has moderated, as improvements in payer mix weakened in the third quarter. You also should note that UHS recorded no high-tech revenues in the third quarter. We define operating margin as operating income or net revenue less salaries, wages, and benefits, other operating expenses, supplies expense and provision for doubtful accounts divided by net revenues. The impact of the prior year items recorded during the 2010 periods and as reflected on the supplemental schedules are not included in our divisional operating margins. On a same-facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals decreased to 12.3% during the third quarter of 2011 from 13.0% during the third quarter of 2010. As noted previously, the margin decline resulted mainly from a weaker payer mix. Our acute care hospitals provided charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates amounting to 246 million and 233 million during the three month periods ended September 30, 2011 and 2010 respectively. As a percentage of gross revenue the combined total of bad debt, charity care and uninsured discount was slightly lower than last year’s third quarter. On a same-facility basis, revenues in our behavioral health division increased 6.8% during the third quarter of 2011. Adjusted patient days at our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 3.8% during the third quarter and revenue per adjusted day increased 2.9% compared to the comparable prior year quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year increased to 26.2% during the quarter ended September 30, 2011 as compared to 26.0% during the comparable prior year period, despite the temporary closure of some capacity at one of our Pennsylvania facilities to repair certain physical plant problems. In addition, the results of the recently acquired PSI facilities largely met our financial expectations for the third quarter. Our cash flow from operating activities was $207 million during the third quarter of 2011 as compared to $185 million in the third quarter of 2010. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased to 47 days during the third quarter of 2011 from 42 days in the 2010 third quarter. Favorably impacting our cash flow from operating activities was the postponement of third-quarter federal estimated income tax payments granted by the Internal Revenue Service to certain tax payers located in areas that were impacted by recent flooding. This postponement deferred an estimated federal income tax payment of approximately $30 million to $35 million from September 2011 to October 2011. Regarding the FTC required divestitures, we have signed an agreement to sell the Puerto Rico assets including San Juan Capestrano hospital and affiliated outpatient centers, and expect to enter into an agreement to sell Montevista and Red Rock hospital located in Las Vegas shortly. Provided the divestitures are approved by the FTC, we anticipate completing the divestitures in both markets late in the fourth quarter, or early in 2012. At September 30, 2011, our ratio of debt to total capitalization was 62% and the ratio of debt to EBITDA was 3.4 times. We spent $79 million on capital expenditures during the third quarter. We have opened or expect to open by the end of the year a total of approximately 250 new behavioral health beds at some of our busiest facilities during 2011. During the quarter we spent $38 million to repurchase approximately a million of our own shares. At September 30, we had approximately 700,000 shares remaining under our existing share repurchase authorization, a portion of which has already been exhausted in the fourth quarter. We are pleased with our third quarter results, which continue to support our unique and proven model of diversification. In a challenging acute care hospital environment, we are fortunate to have the benefit of continued strong demand for behavioral services. When we combine our two business segments, our same facility revenue increased 4.1% and adjusted admissions increased 3.4% over last year’s quarter. As we approach the one-year anniversary of the acquisition of PSI, our integration efforts are on track, and we are encouraged by the many areas of opportunity including bed expansions in several markets. Alan and I will be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein with Barclays Capital.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: Hi thank you. Good morning. just maybe starting point Steve, if you can just elaborate more on the payer mix comments earlier about a less favorable payer mix and just how best to understand this in terms of the impact from that and just comparing it to the first half of the calendar year, and just and then maybe a couple of follow up questions?
Steve Filton: Sure well. Just to remind folks, earlier in the year and particularly in the first quarter we had highlighted the fact that our acute care revenue growth was stronger than expected, a pleasant surprise, mainly because of a – and to a large degree surprising drop in uninsured volumes, particularly in the Las Vegas market, although we saw the trend throughout the portfolio. In the Las Vegas market we attributed a large part to a dramatic reduction in unemployment rates there, unemployment earlier in the year dropped from like 15% to 12%, but as the year’s progressed, the unemployment rate has crept back in Las Vegas, back up to 14%, and in that market may have not surprisingly seen our payer mix deteriorate, and again we have seen the trend throughout the portfolio as well. Just generally, we continue to see less commercial business. This quarter we saw a little less Medicare business, and we continue to see Medicaid and managed Medicaid, and obviously the sum total of all that is we grew payer mix and that is reflected in a slower revenue growth number.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up on Vegas, you know, you mentioned that you saw the payer mix fall off some, but maybe just talk about just the overall trends out there. It seems like you guys have done a good job with cost management. So just as you think about besides just looking at payer mix can you just give us some other highlights from Vegas?
Steve Filton: Sure. I mean you know again, I mean I think that the payer mix issue is just reflective of the fact that the market has suffered economically a little bit disproportionately to the overall national economy. But our overall position in the market remains very good. We are the largest market share provider by a significant amount, and we have finalized as we suggested that we would our contract renewal with Sierra that is now good for another three years beginning in July, this past July. So contract with our biggest payer is in good stead. And just generally, I think in terms of the market share trends, we feel very comfortable and confident in our market position and we believe that when the market begins to recover economically, we will certainly benefit. From that and again I don’t want to overstate the case, I mean, Vegas was way ahead earlier in the year kind of flat in the third quarter, but overall still ahead for the year, and we are feeling pretty good about that.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: Okay, great. And then just a final question, maybe just on the psychiatric side, maybe if you can just provide some more color in terms of just you know what is going on there. I mean, obviously it seems like things have gone very well there over the past year with the acquisition of PSI, but maybe if you can just elaborate in terms of what integration you still have left, and then just curious just in terms of you know, some color around resolution. They had a few outstanding issues at a few sites when you guys acquired them. Just curious if any of those issues have been resolved which in effect would help volume [ph]?
Steve Filton: Sure. And I think there is a couple of stories to the behavioral segment Adam. One is just the overall underlying strength of the business, which is reflected in our same-store metrics. Patient days were up 4% in the quarter, and in this sort of an economic environment I think that kind of a volume increase is really pretty impressive. Pricing was up 3%, again in light of the fact that Medicaid cuts in many, many of our states took effect in July or sometime in the third quarter, also a solid number. And those metrics largely apply at least directionally to both segments, to both our legacy portfolio and the PSI portfolio of assets. We had made some improvements at the PSI facilities from an operating perspective. We have mentioned on a number of occasions that we thought the majority of the improvements still to be affected will be affected in 2012 and 2013, and we still believe that to be the case. I also alluded in my prepared remarks just opportunities from a bed expansion perspective and from you know a marketing perspective in terms of developing new business. We have talked previously about focusing on the military and behavioral problems in the military as a source of growth, again in both portfolios, and we will continue to focus on that. And as far as you know some of the problems that PSI had you know I think we have been making progress in most cases and resolving those, and I think your suggestion that there is an upside to that is accurate. But that is a process and it will continue for some time. It is not sort of an on and off switch. But obviously you know we’re just feeling generally positive about the trends in behavioral.
Alan Miller: Adam, let me add that you have always recognized the benefit of the diverse nature of our business, if not the wisdom of having both. And so as Darren, A.J. at times, but I think this quarter shows that where there is a little weakening on one side, in a bad economy if not generally, behavioral health services are more in demand and we know how to provide them efficiently, and even before the Psych Solutions, which had turned out to what we had expected there is wisdom in having a diverse base like this. And I know that you have recognized it early on.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: Thank you. I appreciate it, and it is really a great, great job of building of the overall business model.
Steve Filton: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci with Lazard.
Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital Markets: Good morning guys. Thanks for the color. Maybe two questions, first, late yesterday it seemed that the Federal government had approved some of the Medicaid cuts that were requested out in California. I was wondering if you had a chance to look at that at all, and if you had any color or perspective on how that may or may not impact you all.
Steve Filton: Tom, I believe that those cuts affect providers other than hospitals. We don’t think they have any impact on UHS.
Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, good. That is what we saw too, but wanted to make sure. And then you mentioned Steve in your prepared remarks no high-tech revenue in the quarter, hopefully that makes things a little more straightforward than you have seen with some of the other companies for this quarter. Can you remind us about how you intend to handle high-tech from an accounting standpoint, and sort of what your expectations are going forward?
Steve Filton: Sure. Well, two things, first of all just substantively and I think we have been through this before, but just to remind people, where we’re at in terms of implementing an EHR electronic health record is we implemented our first hospital this past July. We have subsequently implemented another couple, but then we have the remaining 20 some odd hospitals to go over the next couple of years. And obviously as we implement, we would hope that shortly thereafter, we will meet the meaningful use standards, and will begin to qualify for high-tech revenues. Now we also said in our second quarter 10-Q that we did expect something in the neighborhood of $10 million or $15 million of Medicaid high-tech revenues, which don’t in many cases require you to meet the meaningful use hurdles that Medicare requires. We would expect to get them by the end of the year or early next year. But we also I think discussed in our second quarter call that our intent, which seems to be somewhat different than our peers is to do our best to match our revenues and expenses so that as we get those revenues, as we receive them, our intent would be to essentially defer them and amortize them over a comparable period to how we are amortization the expenses associated with implementing the EHR. So in the third quarter of 2011, we had some very minor amortization expenses as we just implemented the system and began to amortize in a few hospitals. That number will grow a little bit in Q4, and obviously will grow more in 2012. When we give our 2012 guidance, we intend to be very transparent about the amount of revenues we have included in our guidance and the amount of related expenses.
Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Universal Health [ph].
Justin Lake - UBS: Thanks, good morning. I know you are not going to give guidance for ’12 until the fourth quarter, but I was curious if you have any initial thoughts on how we should think about any kind of headwinds or tailwinds here for next year that should be considered maybe such as an update on PSYS synergies, and Steve, maybe even if you want to opine on on your current comfort level with the 2012 consensus estimate of 450?
Steve Filton: I will choose not to do that Justin. We will give our guidance in February as we normally do, where we are going through the budget process in great detail now, and I think we have always felt more comfortable completing that process before being real specific. But I think that to a large degree the third-quarter results are fairly emblematic of what things should look like going forward. I think that an acute care revenue growth rate in the sort of 3%, 3.5% range seems reasonable in this sort of an environment. The behavioral growth rate of 6.5%, 7% that we saw in the quarter I think is actually very impressive. And we will be hard pressed to keep that up, but we should do something close to that as we move forward just again because we continue to find opportunities to expand capacity et cetera. So that is my general sense of it, I don’t see any great pressure on expenses. our operators have done generally a good job in controlling expenses and managing, and I don’t see that changing dramatically in 2012.
Justin Lake - UBS: Any update on PSYS synergies, I think you had talked about the potential there for maybe 100 basis points, 150 basis points of improvement over 2012 and 2013, any change in your thought process or timing there?
Steve Filton: As always Justin, you are more confident about our performance which is I think is why the operator said that you work for Universal Health.
Justin Lake - UBS: I only wish I could.
Steve Filton: It is an opportunity for 50 basis points or 100 basis points of improvement, and again I think what I was saying in some of my comments to Adam is we have actually achieved a little bit of that in 2011, you know, what I will sort of call the low hanging fruit. I think that they will remain opportunities both from an operating efficiency and a business development standpoint in ’12 and ’13. And I think what you are getting at and I appreciate is that those – if we are able to achieve those opportunities they are sort of above and beyond the underlying metrics that I just mentioned.
Justin Lake - UBS: Okay, Steve.
Steve Filton: We will obviously be far more specific I think about that when we give our 2012 guidance.
Justin Lake - UBS: Okay, great. Thanks for all the color.
Steve Filton: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Thanks. Good morning. do you have how was acuity mix in the quarter Steve?
Steve Filton: We talked in the first half of the year Ralph about the fact that our acuity is measured by our Medicare CMI was at the highest levels in our history. we saw sequentially a very slight drop off in Q3, but are still ahead of last year and I think there is generally not seeing any real softening of acuity to the degree that some of our peers have alluded to.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Okay, and then just as it relates to the payer mix number, do you actually have the payer mix numbers maybe for this year versus last?
Steve Filton: I mean, first I am not exactly sure how I would describe it. But you know again, I think in my comments I outlined we have been seeing pretty consistently a 5% or 6% decline in commercial admissions that certainly continued into Q3. The trends up to now have been very slight growth in Medicare. Q3 we actually saw a slight decline in Medicare volumes. I am not sure that I would read a whole lot into that, since I don’t tend to believe that Medicare volumes are all that economically sensitive. Probably the one element that maybe stood out a little bit in the quarter was that Medicaid and managed Medicaid admissions picked up, and I think that contributed along with some continued uninsured pressure to the step down in our acute revenue growth.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Okay and just on that point, on the managed Medicaid side, have you guys – what is the percentage, remind us may be what the percentage of total revenue that is because that is in the managed care bucket. Is that right?
Steve Filton: It is I am not sure that I have that.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Okay, we could follow up I guess.
Steve Filton: Yes, we can.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Well, my question was basically can you help us understand sort of the profitability as more of that fee for service Medicaid goes into managed Medicaid, is there a differential on sort of the top line in how we should think about profitability?
Steve Filton: Yes, I don’t think that in general we view a shift to managed Medicaid as again that is a general comment that may vary in specific situations, but as being terribly impactful. I think I should note that in behavioral most of our Medicaid business or a lot of the large chunks of it have been managed for years. As I think about it Medicaid has been managed program in states like Massachusetts and Pennsylvania for many, many years. And they are among our largest Medicaid States for behavioral. On the acute side, there will be a change as Texas in particular moves to a managed Medicaid model because that is our biggest state from (inaudible) perspective. But I think in general what we find to be the dynamic is that you know payment rates generally start off around the same, and the way that the managed companies make their profit is by doing a better job of controlling utilization. I think there may be some sort of temporary disruption in the beginning, but at the end of the day I think we appreciate the fact that commercial companies sort of set the rules in advance, and you know what they are, and you are able to run your business that way as opposed to the government, which tends to manage utilization by doing retrospective audits 2, and 3 and 4 years down the road, which is a much more difficult way quite frankly to manage your business. I don’t think we’re terribly concerned with the shift to either managed Medicare or Medicaid. We have been dealing with it on both sides of the business for a long time and again once we have an opportunity to adjust to it; I think we will do just fine.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks. And just the last one, DSO seemed to pick up a little bit in the quarter, maybe help us understand what is going on there?
Steve Filton: Yes, no one single explanation. I think we had probably a handful of situations where receivables ticked up in the quarter. the state of Illinois, which for us is a behavioral state slowed considerably in making Medicaid payments in Q3, and quite frankly we expect that to continue into Q4. we have had that experience in Illinois before. We have a much bigger presence in Illinois after the PSI acquisition, however, so it is more apparent but we expect that those payments will resume and will be caught up sometime in 2012. There has been kind of similar slowdowns with California Medicaid or Medical. We have had some slowdown in VA payments, the Veterans Administration payments of South Texas, where we are an exclusive VA provider. In every one of those cases, we expect that the government will make good on its payments although, it may be a bit of a process. I should also note that I don’t think in every case it is a function of simply government budgetary pressures, I think there are some processing issues et cetera that the government is working through. And then in Las Vegas, I mean I alluded I think in my responses to Adam that we signed our Sierra contract, but during the quarter while we were still negotiating the final terms we weren’t getting paid. So you know that pushed our AR days up, and that has frankly has already largely been resolved as we signed the new contract and Sierra has caught up on their payments.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Okay, that is helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A. J. Rice with Susquehanna Financial.
A. J. Rice – Susquehanna Financial: Hi Alan and Steve. A couple of things if I could ask just as when we head to 2012, I just was going to actually make sure we are up to date on 2011. You didn’t say anything about the guidance, I am assuming you are reaffirming sort of your full-year guidance essentially at that point. And is there any early read on sometimes I know you comment on what you are sort of seeing by and large, or otherwise in the early part of the quarter, or any thoughts on that at this point?
Steve Filton: So, two things A.J. yes, you know, I think generally our practice has been we don’t comment our guidance. We’re just reaffirming what is out there. as far as trends in Q3, again they seem to be reflective more of the same from a volume perspective. You know it is obviously still early in the quarter. Look I think that the critical piece as this year has demonstrated in our acute care performance is payer mix, and unfortunately, fortunately or unfortunately, but this early in the quarter we are not going to have a real read on that. So to me that is the open-ended variable in terms of acute performance.
A. J. Rice – Susquehanna Financial: And then maybe just one other question, broadly on capital requirement, you obviously stepped up this quarter to the advantage to pull back into stock, is that something that maybe has moved up as a priority a little bit, and then I guess you guys have also then mentioned in some of the local press reporting as looking at a couple of these big nonprofit DOs that are out there, what you are seeing really on both sides, but I guess your admin is active on the acute side. Are you seeing some things that maybe are interesting at this point.
Steve Filton: A couple of things A.J. You know we have said since the PSI acquisition was completed that our major focus of free cash flow was going to be the repayment of debt, and that has been the case. We have done a nice job I believe of generating cash in the last year, and repaying that debt. and that has created significant amount of financial benefit and leverage.
Alan Miller: On the other hand we have also said we will explore opportunities as they arise as we have historically done. So we will be judicious in doing that. You know, as you commented we took advantage during the quarter of what we thought was a historic decline in our stock price below valuations or at valuations that we thought made share repurchase a pretty compelling sort of move in the quarter. and we will continue to look at that. There are, we commented on this before, there are lots of opportunities out there. I think that the environment, the uncertain environment has created a number of sellers out there, who might not have previously been sellers or potential sellers. And we look at a lot of opportunities, but again I think we will be judicious in doing that. The one thing I would say about local press is it is often unreliable. So I don’t think you can read a lot into sometimes what the local press reports. But I think UHS’ history sort of speaks for itself. We will respond to opportunities if we think they are compelling.
A. J. Rice – Susquehanna Financial: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Banks, good morning everybody. I guess just a couple of things left on my list here, first can you just comment a little bitjust a couple of on residential in the context of what is going on at the state level, any new trends there to talk about, the length of stay has been I guess tracking down about 4% you know basically all year. But if there is anything more to say there you know I would be interested?
Steve Filton: No Darren, I mean, you know, our behavioral segment itself breaks down into two broad segments itself, which is the acute behavioral segment and then the residential segment. The residential segment as you know is the segment that has the vast majority of our Medicaid revenue, and so it has been the portion of our behavioral that has been under the most pressure both from a rate perspective and a length of stay perspective as to alluded to. And quite frankly I don’t really see an end to that as long as you know the state budgets remind under pressure. But it should be noted that the behavioral – excuse me the residential business is definitely the smaller component of our behavioral business, probably in the 30%, maybe 35% range. and you know we have talked before about to the best of our ability actually trying to shift residential capacity to acute capacity where that is possible. We have done it in a couple of places with some notable success. I think we have mentioned Winston-Salem North Carolina before. it is a good example where we have converted beds, and we will continue to do so. But the residential business is a tough business in this environment. But we continue to do well in it.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Okay that is helpful. And then I guess just back to the payer mix the questions were more on the acute side, but on behavioral we heard (inaudible) talk a little bit about their pressure, that there are seeing an MLR in their behavioral business. I am just wondering if you have seen any notable trends with regard to commercial managed care growth inside your behavioral business, and whether that might perhaps be an offset to some of the Medicaid pricing, because I think 3% was probably a little bit better than what I would have expected on the pricing side there.
Steve Filton: Yes, I think that (inaudible) comments were sort of very specific to the notion that health care reform in 2011 made – extended the age of dependents up to 26 years old and I didn’t follow very carefully, but I think they quantified that that had some impact on their MLR. We don’t sort of cut our utilization that fine or in that same way. But I think in general, your question is a good one in the sense that and I think we have said this before I believe that our behavioral business has benefited from a payer mix. It is favorable payer mix that is a result of benefit plan design. We tend to focus on the fact that it is mostly a result of mental health parity legislation that passed late in 2009, but obviously I think we get some benefit from the fact that there are, I think the estimates are 1 million more eligibles, who are currently eligible because of that age 26 change et cetera. So I think in general, we have seen a more favorable shift in our commercial business on the behavioral side that again is a favorable change that we have not seen on the acute side.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Well, I think that is it. I will just make one comment, Alan I certainly wouldn’t have expected you to be buying stock back inside of the year from the PSI deal. So, good job getting your leverage down and being able to do that too.
Alan Miller: Thank you Darren.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Christine Arnold with Cowen & Co.
Christine Arnold – Cowen & Co.: Hi there. A couple of follow ups, you reopen Pennsylvania, can you speak to what impact that might have going forward. I think that was supposed to be open third quarter, but was delayed and that might have impacted the metrics, and then could you expand on the military opportunities you see in the behavioral health business that you alluded to?
Steve Filton: Sure Christine. So you know, we discussed in our second quarter that we had a facility here in Pennsylvania that had some physical plan problems. It required us to close some capacity because it was relatively short-term closure. We didn’t really have an opportunity to reduce our cost by much. So we had about a couple of million dollars of operating losses. I think you are correct. We thought we might be able to get it reopened sometime in Q3. it turned out we really didn’t get a chance to reopen the capacity until early in Q4. So that couple of million dollars of operating loss replicated itself in Q3. We’re sort of ramping back up. So there may be a small piece of it that continues into Q4. but in effect I think it should be a tailwind and a positive for us in 2012 as the capacity is fully open and remains open for all of ’12. And your second question was about?
Christine Arnold – Cowen & Co.: Military opportunity that you alluded to.
Steve Filton: Okay, I am sorry. Yes, we have a number of behavioral hospitals that are located very approximate to military bases. There are a lot of returning veterans who have issues as a result of their service. We have designed programs that are responsive to those needs. We have got sort of a whole complement of people focused on that, and focused because it tends to be a base by base sort of an issue on responding to local needs. And I think that has been an upside. You know it is you know I want to be fair, I mean it is a niche program. it is still not a huge as a percentage element of our overall behavioral revenue, but in terms of growth opportunities I think it is a significant growth opportunity.
Christine Arnold – Cowen & Co.: Could you go the TRICARE contractors, could you go to DoD, could this be expanded to something kind of more macro for you, or is it going to be base by base revenue?
Steve Filton: To the best of my knowledge it remains a locally run kind of a program. As best as we can tell that is the way the military prefers it, and I think we have been responsive to that and we have aligned ourselves in that way. So we’re comfortable obviously responding and offering the service, and however the military wants to do it and that is what we are doing right now.
Christine Arnold – Cowen & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fishbeck with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Just wanted to confirm, you mentioned before that you expect to get $10 million to $15 million of high-tech payments in Q4 or Q1, but that is the cash payment and then you would take that or you would amortize that benefit as revenue over time?
Steve Filton: That is correct Kevin.
Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay and then just looking at the margins in the business, I’m actually a bit surprised about the size of the margin compression in the acute care business and the lack of more margin expansion in the pysch business. I think historically you have talked about hitting 3% and maybe 4% of revenue growth to be able to show some margin expansion. And it is not like you historically did whether you care how that revenue came through where it was volume or price. And since you are doing a lot better than that on the psych and there is potentially psych solutions cost-cutting, I am surprised that we are going to see flow through there and then again if you are in that ballpark and you saw acute care margins down 70 basis points. Just give a little bit of color there?
Steve Filton: Sure. I think on the acute side Kevin, you have to and certainly the way we look at it is that we include bad debt expense in our net revenue growth picture. And when you include bad debt expense in net revenue for the quarter our net revenue growth is sort of more in the 2.3%, 2.4% range. And again I think your comments are fairly accurate. I think we believe if we get to 3%, 3.5% that we have the opportunity for at a minimum keeping our margins stable if not growing them. But 2.5% starts to really push the envelope, and you clearly saw that in the quarter. The hope would be that we can improve that payer mix as the economy improves and we get some rate increases et cetera. On the behavioral side, again, I think it is a little more difficult when you get up to those 26% margins that we showed in the quarter for the same store of the legacy facilities. I think this notion that some people are accustomed to going back several years that we’re going to have 40 basis points, or 50 basis points, or 60 basis points of margin expansion a quarter is a little unrealistic. I think over time though I would agree with the notion that with 6.5% to 7% revenue growth we should be able to expand our margins. I think if you look at the overall margins that include the PSI facilities, again we had a couple of kind of smaller drags on the portfolio. We seem to have a dark cloud over us here in Pennsylvania where we had a PSI facility that was flooded as a result of the couple of floods that we had in September and had to close. And you know again there is probably a couple of million dollars of losses there. Again I wouldn’t necessarily call that out. Generally it is dragging the margins down a little bit, but yes, I mean we would share the hope that with that sort of margin – excuse me with that sort of revenue growth that in the future we might be able to squeeze out a few more basis points of margin expansion.
Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay that is helpful. So like the 3%, 3.5% is a cash revenue number when you think about margin expansion opportunity and I guess next year we are going to change the accounting on bad debts. So when you talk about 3%, 3.5% growth in revenue, I guess it is kind of the baseline assumption heading into 2012. Is that under the current accounting and so the GAAP will be a little bit less?
Steve Filton:
 :
Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay that is helpful, and then as far as the proceeds from the asset sales that you expect to get in the next three of four months, you know is there a thought process on where that capital should go, is that viewed as usual in some way and maybe more deployable?
Steve Filton: No, again I think my comments from before what sort of still be relevant and that is you know our first priority is debt repayment to the extent that we have exceeded our sort of scheduled debt repayment schedule. Like I said we took advantage of a share repurchase opportunity in the quarter, and will continue to explore those sorts of opportunities what I will kind of describe as excess cash, but again in this environment we think we have done pretty well by kind of sticking to our knitting and paying down our debt rather rapidly.
Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks for the clarity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. There has been some discussion that Medicare might consider rebasing the behavioral PPS, could you just share your thoughts there, and you know any thoughts or analysis you have done in terms of the amount you think it could be rebased by?
Steve Filton: Well, hi Gary, I think as you know there was a MedPAC meeting in the past month or so to talk about the issue. From our perspective the meeting went largely as we expected that it would. I think MedPAC made some important observations. One that from an overall program perspective, the behavioral PPS methodology that was introduced in 2005, or was implemented in 2005, has largely played out the way that it was expected to. That is the overall program spend, the amount of capacity, the amounts of beds available, the amount of utilization in admissions et cetera, all have tended to play out as MedPAC and CMS expected. And that is generally I think a good thing. What MedPAC commented on or observed, again nothing new to this was that there was a difference in margins between the free standing facilities and the units within acute care hospitals, and what they suggested was that that differential merited further study. And I think the whole thrust of the meeting for the most part was how do you gather that data, you know and how do you do that meaningfully. The industry, not just UHS, but the industry I think is a full participant in that. We have engaged a consultant to help do that. We think that there are perfectly reasonable, rational explanations for the margin difference, most of which I think center of the size of hospitals or the freestanding facilities tend to be larger and therefore more efficient, which we think is intellectually intuitive. And we are prepared to share that information with both MedPAC and CMS. Our sense of it is that the process of studying this issue is not an immediate one. It will take some time. Like I said we will participate in it, but we’re not of the mind that there are any sort of imminent or immediate changes to the Medicare reimbursement system, and I will also remind you that Medicare is less than 20% of our behavioral revenues.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities: Good. Thanks a lot for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. just a couple of quick ones here, Steve you mentioned you had bought stock since the end of the quarter, I was wondering if you comment on how much you bought and what is that updated number on remaining shares available. And then secondly, just more of a mechanical question with PSI leading close to lab [ph], those behavioral results, will you put that in same-store in the fourth quarter, or just wait until you get the full quarter and the first quarter of next year?
Steve Filton: No, we will put it in – we will have them in same-store in the fourth quarter. I don’t have the share repurchase numbers in front of me. Obviously it is not a huge number that is left on the authorization, but like I said in my remarks I know we have exhausted some of it already in the first month.
Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, just one last one, I will hop off. In terms of were the third quarter kind of run rate of growth in behavioral reimbursement, is that a good kind of way to think about the way it will look say over the say the next 4 quarter, or would you have all the rate cuts that went into effect, are they kind of loaded into the numbers now, and would we expect to see that same type of year-over-year rate growth over the next three quarters?
Steve Filton: You know, I think when I was responding to Justin’s question about sort of the guidance for next year, I commented on the fact that 6.8% of behavioral revenue growth in the quarter was surprisingly strong, and maybe a bit optimistic as you thought about next year for a couple of reasons. One is, I think as you have alluded to some of the Medicaid cuts, they were not implemented in Q3. Most states implemented on July 1, but there are some states like Texas that did not implement till September 1 consistent with their fiscal years. So there is – there may be a bit of a further drop off in Q4 as we get the full implementation of the Medicaid cuts. The other issue I think Darren kind of alluded to and I think Christine may have alluded to is that I mean we have had some favorable offset. We have a favorable kind of commercial offset in our payer mix in the behavioral segment to these Medicaid cuts that we don’t quite frankly have available in our acute segment. It is a little hard to predict to what degree that can be sustained et cetera. Again I think we’re you know, perfectly comfortable that behavioral growth will continue in kind of a 5.5%-6.5% range and we’ll certainly you know, hope to push it to close to what we've been running but you know, I wouldn't you know, sit here today and guarantee that we can do that.
Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Ransom with Raymond James. John, your line is open.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of things, Steve, you mentioned you know, the acute-care opportunity you know, your stock is stretching at a single-digit multiple on EPS. I mean, what kind of opportunity would you have to see to do a standalone acute-care acquisition relative to buying back your own stock. What kind of discount are you looking for?
Steve Filton: John, I don't know that you can answer that question sort of an entirely kind of you know, multiple or discount basis. I think most likely, and I think frankly again this has always been true in terms of the way we explore opportunities or try and take advantage of opportunities again both behavioral and acute. We have been particularly interested in opportunities that allow us to enhance an existing franchise that have an unusual growth opportunity or improvement opportunity, but again you know, I'm going to just repeat I think for UHS you know, the history sort of speaks for itself. I think we've been more judicious than you know, maybe I would say most or maybe even all of our peers in selecting those opportunities and you know, I just you know, I think it's going to be the same as we move into the future.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Have you seen anything out there that look more interesting than what you might have seen over the past five years given what we're hearing about the supply of opportunities in the marketplace?
Steve Filton: Again you know, I think there are interesting opportunities out there. You know, the challenge which I think is how you are framing it is you know, at what valuations and at what price do they become compelling. And look you know, you raised an important point, I mean we have an opportunity to buy back shares as another opportunity for our free cash flow that is pretty compelling at the moment as well, and you know, that certainly enters into our thinking. But again I don't know that's any different than how we think about this process or how we've always thought about it.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay, and then secondly just a minute on the high-tech revenues, it looks like you know, relative to some of your peers you're qualifying a little more slowly. Was that a strategic decision or is your IT consultant may be struggling a little bit to find all the meaning [ph] for these criteria.
Steve Filton: No, I think you know, substantively we're in a little bit different position than some of our peers. We're just implementing an EHR system that we think will qualify. We had you know, essentially or effectively a homegrown clinical system that we were most likely going to replace anyway, but certainly with the availability of the high-tech reimbursement that became a much easier decision to make. So you know, that's, we're just at that point where I think some of our peers already have hospitals that, and again I obviously have no direct knowledge of this that they believe qualify or having an indication that they qualify. We know that we are just beginning to implement hospitals. So you know, there are revenue recognition, our expectations are going to be based on that.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay, and then thirdly this is for Alan. Alan what does your crystal ball say on the super committee and also going from super committee to doc fix, what do you think is a realistic scenario in terms of what hospitals are going to have to contribute to the pay for for both of those efforts.
Alan Miller: Well, first of all nobody knows and we don't think, well I'm just going to take it back, I was in Washington the other day and they said it's unlikely – they thought it was unlikely that they would get to $1.2 trillion that it would be something short of that and so it's a question of what it actually gets to depending on how much and what hospitals might have to contribute. The really isn’t anything to say beyond that other than this week is really the week although they had to have it done by November 23rd in order to process it and do the calculations and get the regulation out. It really has to be finished by this week.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Right.
Alan Miller: So look at the papers over the weekend and by Monday probably we'll see something.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with Robert Baird.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Hey, thanks. Steve, do you have any feel for how your UPL is going to change with the new waiver program in Texas. I know it has done a lot but I'm just curious if you heard anything new?
Steve Filton: No, Whit I think that you kind of accurately described it, our general sense is that the changes that have been announced in Texas are unlikely to have much of an impact on the specific UPL programs that we participate in. I know that for some of our peers, you know, there has been a more material effect but our sense and our understanding is that our UPL programs will not have much of an impact.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Okay, and looking at your free cash flow you’re kind of on a run rate from almost $500 million now at this point and you’ve consistently said you know, you're going to look at some more psych beds as an opportunity, you’ve got high tech coming up over the next you know, couple of years. Maybe just directionally can you help us think about you know, CapEx and what's going to be required going forward?
Steve Filton: You know, Whit I think that that's another sort of a dynamic where I think that our, you know, current performance is reflective. You know, we said I think in Q2 that we expect it to spend somewhere in the neighborhood of $275 million to $300 million on CapEx in 2011. You know, I could see that number moving up or down a little bit in the future but it seems to me to be a reasonable run rate as we think about the future and you know, at the moment I don't anticipate you know, material changes to that trajectory.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Okay, so thinking into ’12 $300 million could be a decent number to think about?
Steve Filton: I think so. I mean again you know, we are not giving guidance at this moment and you know, I reserve the right as we finish our budget process, to think about differently but you know, again you know, in terms of a placeholder at this moment I think it's a good one.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Yes, okay. No, that's helpful and maybe just one last thing and I may have missed this. Did you comment at all on the EMTALA demo project for adult Medicaid, I think Debbie said that it started in October, just didn't know if you are participating in that just curious if you have any thoughts.
Steve Filton: I did not comment on it. Thanks for asking because we think it's a positive development, just for those who don't know for the most part Medicaid does not pay or reimburse for adult behavioral treatment. So you know, for folks who are between the ages of 21 and 65 and who don't qualify for anything other than Medicaid we are generally not getting paid for those folks. As part of healthcare reform there is again in the grand scheme of healthcare reform a relatively small program demonstration project to allow states to apply for federal funds to start to pay for and reimburse for those that age folks. We know a number, I think it's at least a dozen states in which we operate, have applied for to participate in the demo project. We know that a number of those states have specifically named certain of our hospitals as providers and so you know, we are working with those states. We view that again the demo project itself is probably not enough to materially, I'm sure it's not enough to materially affect our results, but if in fact it is the precursor to change in that regulation that would be we believe a significant positive for the behavioral business.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Perfect. Thanks a lot Steve.
Steve Filton: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up from the line of Justin Lake.
Justin Lake – UBS: Thanks. I just had one quick follow-up on the Medicare psych side, Steve, with the MedPAC analysis, the work you are going to doing going forward, I just wanted to check that are there any Medicare or I should say are there any psych rates that in the commercial or Medicaid world that are tied to that are directly tied to Medicare so that if Medicare were to be cut you would see some corresponding decrease in some of the other rates?
Steve Filton: Now, I mean look they maybe you know, some sort of isolated contract out there but you know, generally neither our commercial nor Medicaid rates are tied to Medicare reimbursement.
Justin Lake – UBS: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citibank.
Steve Filton: Okay, I just want to say operator, we've got to make this our last question but Gary go ahead.
Gary Taylor - Citibank: Okay, the question is does the affiliate [ph] loss get any easier to swallow if Cardinal actually win the world series?
Steve Filton: There is a couple of hardened [ph] fans sitting with me in the room Gary and I would tell you they think not. You know, when we set the date of the call we actually were looking at the world series schedule, and thinking this is going to be a real challenge for us. So there is a lot of disappointment in this room.
Alan Miller: We bought a bid for Chris Lee [ph]. I'm ready to let him go.
Gary Taylor - Citibank: Well, probably just jinx to my folks that you can tease me on Monday. My only real question I think that's left unanswered is when you look at, can you tell us on the dollar basis sequentially the Medicaid rate hit that you took. So you know, $x million of sequential EBIDTA hits from you know, the rate actions in the states on July 1.
Steve Filton: You know, in our –
Gary Taylor - Citibank: Or ball park even.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean in our second quarter 10-Q I think we attempted to quantify the dollar impact of you know, what we've been talking about is 3% or 4% Medicaid rate cut, and I think that number as I recall was approximately $45 million or $50 million and I think you know, we still feel like we're on that trajectory. Obviously that's an annual impact number.
Gary Taylor - Citibank: Right. So okay, so you're still on that trajectory. So end of the day that didn't change a lot. So over the inpatient acute, inpatient behavioral in RTC, where was the greatest you know, rate impact would you say of those three?
Steve Filton: I think from a rate perspective Gary the impact has been pretty similar across the segments, most of the Medicaid cuts within a state have been kind of what I called you know, broad-based or you know, they haven't been terribly new ones. So I don't know that from a rate perspective we find that there any different. Obviously, you know, they vary by state and I think as you know, in responding to Darren’s question from before, we find that in the behavioral residential segment it's a little bit of a double whammy, because we been impacted not just by rate reductions but by length of stay compression that we don't really see on the Med-Surg or even in the acute behavioral side of the business.
Gary Taylor - Citibank: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Steve Filton: Okay, well we’d like to thank everybody for joining us this morning and look forward to speaking with you again in the fourth quarter when we’ll be prepared to give our 2012 guidance as well. Thanks very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Steve Filton – SVP, CFO and Secretary Alan Miller – Chairman and CEO
Analysts:  A. J. Rice – Susquehanna Financial Justin Lake – UBS Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital Markets Whit Mayo – Robert Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets Christine Arnold – Cowen Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America John Rex – JPMorgan John Ransom – Raymond James Arthur Henderson – Jefferies & Company Jake Hindelong – Ticonderoga 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Scheret and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Universal Health Services Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Filton. Sir, you may begin.
Steve Filton: Thank you and good morning. I am Steve Filton. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the second quarter ended June 30th, 2011. As discussed in our press release last night the company recorded adjusted net income per diluted share of $1.04 for the quarter compared to $0.68 during the second quarter of 2010 as calculated on the supplemental schedules included with last night’s press release. We are maintaining our previously announced guidance for the full year with earnings per diluted share expected to be $3.85 to $4. During this conference call we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking estimates and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2010, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31st, 2011. We’d like to highlight just a couple of developments in business trends before opening the call up to questions. On a same-facility basis in our acute care division, revenue increased 6.1% during the second quarter of 2011. Adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year were down approximately 1% for the quarter. On a same-facility basis, revenue per adjusted admission increased 7.1% over last year’s quarter. The increased revenue was due to higher acuity, improved payer mix, and strong commercial pricing. We define operating margin as operating income or net revenue less salaries, wages, and benefits, other operating expenses, supplies expense and provision for doubtful accounts divided by net revenues. The impact of the prior year items included on the supplemental schedules are not included in our divisional operating margin. On a same-facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals increased to 15.2% during the second quarter of 2011 from 14.2% during the second quarter of 2010. The margin improvement resulted mainly from improved payer mix, higher acuity and strong commercial pricing. Our acute care hospitals provided charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates amounting to 239 million and 190 million during the three month periods ended John 30, ‘11 and ‘10 respectively. As a percentage of gross revenue the combined total of bad debt, charity care and uninsured discount was slightly lower than last year’s second quarter. On a same-facility basis, revenues in our behavioral health division increased 6.2% during the second quarter of 2011. Adjusted patient days at our behavioral hospitals owned for more than a year increased 3% during the second quarter and revenue per adjusted day increased 3.8% compared to the comparable prior year quarter. These same favorable trends were present in the results of the recently acquired PSI facilities which largely met our financial expectations for the second quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year increased to 26.7% during the quarter ended June 30, 2011 as compared to 27.4% during the comparable prior year period, primarily due to the temporary closure of some capacity at one of our Pennsylvania facilities to repair certain physical plant problems. Our cash flow from operating activities was $173 million during the second quarter of 2011 as compared to $88 million in the second quarter of 2010. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased to 44 days during the second quarter of 2011 from 42 days in 2010. At June 30, 2011, our ratio of debt to total capitalization was 63% and the ratio of debt to EBITDA was 3.8 times. We spent $60 million on capital expenditures during the second quarter. We opened a total of 176 new behavioral health beds at some of our busiest facilities during the first two quarters of 2011 and anticipate opening another 150 new beds during the remainder of this year. At this point Alan and I would be pleased to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from A. J. Rice with Susquehanna Financial.
A. J. Rice – Susquehanna Financial: Hi, everybody. Thanks. Maybe just asking about the margins on the same-store basis on both sides of the business. You had a positive margin trend on the acute care side, it sounds like on a same-store basis. When you drill down to the specific expense items what were some of the dynamics there. And just to confirm, if you ex out that unusual item you would have been positive it sounds like on the psych side? I just want to make sure that’s true.
Steve Filton: Okay, A. J. Yeah, I think that on the acute side, much as was the case in Q1, the very strong revenue performance, revenues up 6%, is really what contributes to the margin expansion, and I think if you look through our expense items, we felt I think we were particular successful on the supply line, but just in general, I think we are always going to feel that that sort of margin growth, particularly on the acute side, we ought to have margin expansion and just as we’ve done in Q1 and Q2. On the behavioral side, as you suggested, we called out, or I called ant in my remarks the fact that we were a couple of million dollars behind due to the closure of the capacity of this one Pennsylvania facility in the quarter, combined with a couple of smaller nonrecurring expense items in the quarter. We calculate our margins probably would have on an adjusted basis, would have been ahead of last year by 20 or 30 basis points.
A. J. Rice – Susquehanna Financial: Okay. And then just maybe one other one. Obviously with the events of earlier in the week, there’s focus specifically on Medicare mix and acuity levels and you said that your overall acuity was up nicely. I don’t know if you have the case mix overall number by any chance, but – or what the trend was there, but also have you – and I don’t know if you’ve even done this, but have you drilled down and seen whether you had any anomalies or unusual activity in your Medicare book specifically?
Steve Filton: A. J., I think the three elements that we’ve highlighted as contributing to the strong revenue performance in acute care are essentially the exact same three that we highlighted in Q1.
A. J. Rice – Susquehanna Financial: Right.
Steve Filton: Higher acuity and that’s true in our Medicare book of business as well as our non-Medicare book. Better payer mix, and as we talked about in Q1, what we really mean by that is lower – a lower level of uninsured patients. And basically we talked in Q1 about the fact that after a couple of years of having uninsured admissions grow by 5 and 6%, uninsured admissions were sort of flat in Q1 and they are sort of, flat in Q2. So that trend continued. And then finally, we sited in both quarters strong commercial pricing, and again, in each of the cases, the trends continued from Q1 into Q2.
A. J. Rice – Susquehanna Financial: Okay. So you just haven’t seen any change, basically.
Steve Filton: We really have not.
A. J. Rice – Susquehanna Financial: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Lake with UBS.
Justin Lake – UBS: Thanks. Good morning. First question, Steve, just on the new capacity build-out, the acute business continues to run pretty strongly. Can you give us an idea of what the contribution is from the capacity you put on-line in 2010 for the second quarter, what it added year-over-year to the EBITDA growth? And then more importantly, can you give us an idea what you think that could contribute from an EBITDA standpoint next year on a year-over-year growth basis?
Steve Filton: Sure, Justin. Alan, I think in his quote specifically in the press release, highlighted the contribution of the large acute care capital projects, and by that I think he was referencing the three large capital projects we’ve talked about for a couple of years now, and that’s the new tower at Summerlin in Las Vegas, and then the replacement facilities for Texoma and Palmdale in California. Combined, there’s probably $4 to 5 million of capital investment in those three projects. Two of which opened in early 2010 and Palmdale opened in late 2010. Those projects I think as a result of the recession have taken a little bit longer to ramp-up than we originally anticipated, but are clearly ramping up, and I would say the three facilities combined contributed at least half of the EBITDA growth that we had as a company in Q2, which again is why I think, you know, Alan specifically called that out in his comments in the press release. As far as what they will contribute in the future next year, I’m not going to be specific. I’m sure when we give our 2012 guidance we’ll be more specific, but I think the expectation is that each of those three project will continue to improve.
Justin Lake – UBS: Okay, great. And Steve, the 0 to 2% EBITDA growth target that you had for the acute care business this year, that was excluding the contribution from these projects?
Steve Filton: Yeah. Definitely Texoma and Palmdale. Summerlin is little bit harder to sort of, segregate out because obviously it’s an existing hospital with existing capacity, so it’s a little bit harder to do. But for the most part, yes. I think we – those trends we sort of talked about in our same-store facilities.
Justin Lake – UBS: Okay, great. And then lastly, the cash flow in the quarter and year-to-date, free cash flow is $240 million. Just curious if you have a target there for the full year?
Steve Filton: You know, I think in our Q1 call we talked about using a number of about 400 million. I still think that’s a reasonable estimate. Obviously, if you annualize the first six months you’ll get a higher number, but certainly our guidance implies that our earnings will be lower in the second half of the year. You have to take that into account. I think we would suggest that our capital spend, which has been very, very tight in the first six months is likely to increase a little bit in the second half of the year. So I think that $400 million number is still not – it’s probably a bit of a conservative estimate but not a bad place holder.
Justin Lake – UBS: Okay. Just last quick number question...
Steve Filton: Yeah, Justin, can I interrupt for one second, the one thing I should call out, though, sort of a nonrecurring item is, we did sell one of the PSI facilities that were acquired by the FTC to sell in the beginning of July, and if we sell the other three facilities that we acquired just to sell that would be an element of cash flow that would obviously be above and beyond what folks have seen in the first half of the year.
Justin Lake – UBS: Okay. Steve, can I just throw out one quick numbers question, and then I’ll jump off. The $1.04 number you reported, I assume x these items you talked about in the behavioral business probably looks more like $1.06. Can you just compare that to what your internal plan was for EPS in the second quarter?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, our reported EPS was probably $0.04 or $0.05 ahead of our internal number.
Justin Lake – UBS: The reported number was $0.04 to $0.05 ahead and if we include the adjustment it might have been $0.06 or $0.07 ahead then?
Steve Filton: Yes.
Justin Lake – UBS: Okay, great. Thanks a lot Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Feinstein with Barclays Capital.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: Hi, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Everything looked very strong here. I just wanted to get some clarity on a couple things. Maybe just, Steve, in your starting point just talk about Las Vegas a little bit and you talked about the improved payer mix trends for the company. Let us know how Las Vegas done in the quarter? And then just want to get a – see if you had any update on the Sierra contract also, since I know that contract was coming up for renewal in June?
Steve Filton: Sure. So I’ll talk about Sierra first, Adam. Pretty much the comments that we made, I think in Q1 still apply. We – I think we’ve made throughout Q2. We have the contract with Sierra is actually expired. We have an agreement in principal in place with Sierra as to a new to three-year contract with a rate increase that falls well within our sort of quoted managed care price increase range. We continue to go back and forth with Sierra over some very detailed conversations about essentially how to allocate that increase to specific diagnoses and procedures etcetera. And we believe we’ll conclude those conversations in short order and sign a formal contract at that point. As far as the overall trends in Las Vegas, we said in Q1 that the beat in Q1 and the very significant beat in Q1 was largely driven by Vegas performance, very strong payer mix. I think we’ve seen those positive payer mix trends continue into Q2. We have seen volumes weaken a little bit in Las Vegas in Q2. And so as a result, I think that the improvement in EBITDA in the acute division in Q2 is sort of a more widely dispersed among the acute portfolio and not as concentrated in Las Vegas as it was in Q1, although Las Vegas still is ahead of where it was in Q2 of last year.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: And since you mentioned the portfolio, Steve, maybe just an update on the McAllen in Southwest Texas market.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, I think the comments there would be similar to what we’ve been saying for the last few quarters. Again, we’ve seen soft volumes in that market, but improved payer mix trends, and so the market actually continues to, frankly, outperform where we thought they’d be this year, which has been a positive, obviously. But again, I think it’s largely reflective of the overarching trends that we’ve seen which are, weaker volumes than we expected but better payer mix.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then, just maybe a question for Alan, just wanted to get your though, so you guys have owned PSI for two full quarters now. So just relative to your expectations going into it, just curious to get your observations in terms of how the integration of PSI has been going.
Alan Miller: The integration is going well. We’re pleased with it. And we have found areas of upside. We’re working on a couple of problems but on balance, we’re very happy with it.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just on that same topic, Steve, the synergy numbers you guys outlined, you’re still comfortable with the same range relative to what you talked about earlier?
Steve Filton: Yeah, I mean, we’ve – from the outset side of this 35 to $45 million synergy number which was meant to refer to the amount of corporate overhead savings we thought were available as a result of the transaction and as we have on numerous occasions, we’ll reiterate today we think we are very much on track to meet that within the sort of two-year period that we set for ourselves in the beginning.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: All right, thank you very much.
Steve Filton: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Thanks. Good morning. Steve, may be just going back to – you talked about the temporary closing of the Pennsylvania facility. Maybe just give us a sense, how long was that closed for? Is it now open? What were the issues there? Any details there would be helpful.
Steve Filton: Yeah. As I said in my comments, Ralph, we had some physical plant problems that, in order to repair them we had to close down some capacity. Not all of the – the facility is still open. I believe I don’t have the date in front of me. I believe it was closed for most of the second quarter, and we expect it to the reopen sometime fairly soon, mid to late August. So we may have a bit of a lingering effect into Q3, but then it should be behind us.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, can you maybe talk about where you are in terms of capacity in the Psych business overall?
Steve Filton: Our occupancy rates continue to run for both portfolios in the high 70s, and I think from our perspective, that still means that there are any number of facilities that are operating at what we would deem to be inefficient levels of occupancy, meaning that we’re turning patients away, and that’s why we’ve added, as my comments indicated, 175 or so beds so far this year, and we expect to add another 150 in the balance of the year. And I think at a similar rate in the following couple of years, I think we still think there’s an opportunity again in the entire portfolio for facilities that quite frankly are operating at that high 70s, low 80s, in some cases even higher than that occupancy levels at relatively attractive investments, invest in new capacity and earn a decent return.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: And then just in terms of going back to the acute care pricing mix, was the best I think we’ve seen in eight years, can you may be just – is there a way to parse out a little bit what you think is coming from kind of the pure pricing versus acuity versus payer mix and then maybe just more importantly for the second half of the year, do you think you can sustain in that area, just given what appears to be kind of relatively easy comps?
Alan Miller: Sure. Well, to some degree, Ralph, I’m going to express the same sentiments we expressed in Q1. We’re extremely pleased with the very robust revenue performance in acute care but we remain cautious about it because obviously we’re still in an economic recovery that appears to just about everybody to be fairly fragile and uneven, and so particularly as it has affected the numbers of uninsured, we saw dramatic drop in those in Q1, and we sustained that in Q2. We’d like to be able to believe we’ll be able to sustain that completely going forward but are not quite so sure. We’ve also seen an increase in acuity in Q1 and again in Q2. I think to some degree that’s a function of the fact that the flip side is that we’ve got weaker admissions and the admissions we’re losing tend to be the less acute, more discretionary and elective sort of procedures, so what we’re left with are the more acute procedures, but I think we continue to believe that it’s quite possible and probably even likely that the acute care pricing backs off as the year goes on. The other thing that I think we know is coming is that Medicaid pricing is going to decline as the year goes on. As we’ve said many times, Medicaid pricing was flat to down 1% in the first half of the year. We expect it to be much more down 3% or 4% in the back half of the year and that will affect our overall pricing, both on the acute and frankly even more so on the behavioral side, so that’s another cautionary area that we’re keeping an eye on in the back half of the year.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Right. And then Steve, if I could squeeze in one last one, I know it’s only a month into the quarter but I need just general observations, either positive or negative of the trends relative to kind of what you’ve reported for second quarter or first half of the year.
Steve Filton: As is always the case, when we have these calls, the only real metric that we have any real insight into at this point is volumes and I would say that the early indications of Q3 are no different than they were in Q2, which is pressure on acute care volumes and strength on the behavioral side.
Ralph Giacobbe – Credit Suisse: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I just wanted to go back to Vegas and I guess my question is a little more specific in regards to the Summerlin capacity expansion. Alan or Steve, I guess just the way I would frame the question is given that the Summerlin is probably your highest margin asset in the market, is it possible that maybe we’ve seen more of a structural change in your Vegas margin profile going forward? It just seems like we’ve seen so far since that’s ramped up much better acute margins. And I just want to make sure we’re thinking about that Summerlin expansion in context?
Alan Miller: Look, I think, Darren, your overall point is correct. I mean, by the way, I’m not sure it’s terribly specific to Summerlin in the sense that just like when we talk about behavioral capacity expansion, if we can expand capacity in existing facilities and fill that capacity, then that’s probably the highest return investment we can make, because there’s little sort of fixed costs, fixed operating costs, that’s associated with it. I think it’s part of the reason why we’ve been able to drive behavioral margins up as much as we have in the last few years. We haven’t had as many opportunities to do that on the acute side. Summerlin has been a unique opportunity, but, yes, I think and part of the problem with Summerlin is we opened that Summerlin capacity in January of ‘10, and in the teeth of this terrible recession, particularly in Las Vegas, and so we didn’t get much impact out of it in 2010. In fact, I think Summerlin’s volumes didn’t change much. But clearly in ‘11 we’re starting to see some ramp-up, some incremental capacity, and that’s absolutely helping Summerlin’s margins and the company’s margins, and they indicated to Justin in answer to the question before, I think we would expect it would continue to get better as the economy improves and demand improves.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Okay. That’s helpful. And then one thing I just wanted to clarify. Did you bring some facilities on balance sheet? There was I guess a little bit of a higher D&A number and correspondingly a lower rent expense number, and I just want to make sure I understand what was going on there. That was relative to my model, so– ?
Alan Miller: Yeah. I know nothing really in the quarter, Darren. We’ll go back and look. But I suspect it’s probably just a tweaking of our depreciation for the opening balance sheet of PSI and some of the new projects, but nothing of an operational nature came on-line in Q2.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Okay. So are you suggesting there was some kind of true-up in D&A in the period that we might want to call out or think about?
Alan Miller: I mean, I would to have go back and look. All I would suggest is I think that the Q2 depreciation is the right run rate to use.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just the last thing, and I don’t want to wordsmith here too much, but, Steve, you said PSI is performing generally in line, so maybe a little more of a qualification perhaps. I just want to make sure I’m hearing what you’re saying and not reading too much into it. But, Alan, I think you gave us a general sense, but is there anything specific you would want to call out, just as regards to how you’re characterizing it?
Alan Miller: No, I think that what I was trying to say in my comments are simply that obviously we give same-store metrics because we have them on very strong admissions and pretty robust pricing, etcetera, and I think we were just trying to make the point that we’re seeing those same metrics in the PSI facilities as well. Alan, I think pointed to the fact that we’ve seen some areas of improvement, things like overtime and registry expense, but I think we’ve been able to impact almost immediately without any real change to the operations or disruption in the operations. I think, for the most part, you’ve heard us say that most of the operational changes that we – and improvements we would hope to make to the PSI facilities will be done in the 2012 and ‘13 timeframe, but those are the only points we’re trying to make. And we’re not trying to wordsmith or be cute about anything here. So it’s pretty straightforward from our perspective.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: All right. That’s great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Gallucci of Lazard Capital Markets.
Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Good morning, everybody. Maybe, just follow up on that last point. As you think about the operational opportunities longer-term, any updated thinking on margin potential at PSI facilities?
Steve Filton: Tom, I think that again this is another one of these issues – I think what we have to in Q2 is largely a reiteration of what we’ve said before. I think that the difference between the two companies’ apples-to-apples margin were probably a couple of hundred basis points. The UHS margins were better. I think we believe that probably half of that is structural in nature and has to do with the fact that PSI had a bit more of an emphasis and skewed towards the residential business, which by definition has a lower margin. Of the remaining 100 basis points, I think, we think that a measurable amount of that can be closed over time. And by 2012, 2013, we should be able to close, again, a measurable portion of that.
Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. And the admissions growth continues to be very strong. Do you have a sense of what you think the market is growing versus maybe what you’re taking either in terms of share or how much additional capacity is generating the volume that you’re seeing?
Steve Filton: I think it’s hard or difficult for us to, sort of, parse out what portion of admission growth comes from market share increase or capacity increase. I mean, I will say this – we’ve made this comment before – that without the capacity additions that we’ve done for a number of years and that frankly PSI had been doing for a number of years and that we believe we’re going to continue to do for several years, it would be difficult for us to get to 7% admission growth. So, certainly, some of that growth is attributable to the capacity expansion. We believe that some of it’s attributable to the benefits of Mental Health Parity legislation, although frankly that’s even harder to precisely define. And we also believe, as I think your question suggests, Tom, that we think some of it is just due to the strength and increasing demand for behavioral services, in general. And they’ve proved to be less, sort of, economically sensitive than acute care demand and acute care volumes, but it’s difficult to sort of parse it into pieces.
Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. And last one from me. You mentioned maybe pricing backing off a bit in the second half. You pointed to Medicaid. I guess, Medicare, maybe a little pressure there. And managed care, though, you said it’s been strong. What ranges are you seeing for new contracts, sort of, price increases, and is that steady up or down as you look out?
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, the managed care pricing range that we’ve quoted for some time now has been this 5 to 7%. And I think by characterizing managed care pricing on the strong side implies that we’ve been at the high end of that range, and we’ve not really seen any significant changes in that in the last couple quarters.
Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital Markets: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Whit Mayo from Robert.
Whit Mayo – Robert: Thanks. Maybe, first question just for Steve or Alan. I think you’ve got a new executive that joined to run the acute care segment. Can you talk a little bit about Marvin, his experience coming from the non-profit world, what he brings to Universal, and just maybe any general comments about any newer priorities that division may have or if this hire signals anything that we should be aware of?
Alan Miller: Well, Marvin is an exceptional executive. He both has a financial background and an operating background. He is extremely highly thought of in the industry. I’ve had a number of people contact me and congratulate me on having a man of his caliber join us. He’s highly experienced. So we are very delighted he’ll be with us in a couple of weeks. We think that – as I mentioned, his strength is across the board, but he has a background in strategy. He’s very good with managed care and doing different projects and doing different joint ventures. He’s an excellent operator, and he had been designated chief financial officer. So he brings an unusual combination. He’s experienced, and we’re very excited about having him join the company.
Whit Mayo – Robert: Okay Great. And maybe, Steve, just update us on your thoughts with regards to buying physician practices. Are you warming up to the idea more, have you bought any at this point, or is it just still not prevalent in many of your markets?
Steve Filton: Yeah. Whit, I think, what we’ve said about physician practice acquisition is that we’re approaching it judiciously and definitely on market by market basis. I think that we believe that some of the benefits of physician practice acquisition have been overstated. We think that frankly the history of the industry has demonstrated that on more than one occasion. But, on the other hand we also recognize and acknowledge that particularly in certain markets; there is competitive pressure to do so. So it’s a bit of a mixed bag. In some markets, we’re pursuing physician acquisitions pretty aggressively and have already completed some. In other market, like a Las Vegas, physician practice acquisition has really kind of been a non-event in the market itself, and we’re certainly not doing anything to disrupt that dynamic. So it’s a bit of a mixed bag, and as we, I think, approach this business in general, we do what we think is right in every individual market to suit market facts and circumstances.
Whit Mayo – Robert: That’s helpful. And just maybe last one, just high-tech and thinking about stage one meaningful use, just any updates on the internal investments or general thoughts.
Steve Filton: Yeah, I mean, I think, first of all, as we’ve I think disclosed before, we’ve brought one hospital live on the Cerner system, which we – is the system that we think will qualify for the meaningful use criteria. We have schedule to bring the remaining 24 hospitals live over the course of the next two years. We have submitted applications to a number of states for Medicaid reimbursement for 2011. Some of the state Medicaid programs allow reimbursement really based just on your commitment to implement a system as opposed to meeting the same sort of criteria that Medicare and the high-tech act required. It is conceivable. We’ve applied for those funds. We think that we could receive by the end of 2011 some not insubstantial amount, but we’re also continuing to talk with our accountants and auditors about how we would recognize that. I know that some of our peers have already recognized those revenues. I think we are inclined generally to recognize the revenues as we implement the system, but we’ll do whatever the industry deems to be the appropriate accounting treatment.
Whit Mayo – Robert: Maybe any book-ins to think about what the cash could be that you think you may receive from the states in 2011, or is it just too early to tell?
Steve Filton: I mean, I – we’ve applied for amounts that probably fall between 10 and $20 million. I wouldn’t speculate at this point on the likelihood of what we might receive in 2011.
Whit Mayo – Robert: Yeah, all right. Thanks a lot, Steve.
Steve Filton: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. I’m – it sounds like with PSI largely integrated I was just curious what’s your appetite might be for either acute or behavioral acquisitions going forward. That was my first question. And then a second one, I think you mentioned, not to be too picky here, but on the Sierra, you mentioned one of the things that you’re trying to wrap up is the specifics on how you allocate the rate increases. I think you said a cross diagnosis. I’m just curious, is that a normal negotiation that you would have? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Sure. So on the acquisition front, Frank; I guess, as somebody’s question before indicated, our cash flow and debt repayment plans are ahead of schedule. I think our run rate leverage is sort of around 3.1 times, and again, is ahead of where we expect it to be at this point and certainly ahead of the 4.0 times we were at, right around when we announced the acquisition. So we’re very pleased with our leverage position. We feel it affords us a great deal of flexibility and we are actively pursuing opportunities in both business segments to expand where that makes sense. And again, I think it’s – as it always does, it’s sort of the whole array of opportunities. One-off acquisitions, capacity expansions, larger acquisitions, and I think UHS has a well-deserved reputation for approaching these in an opportunistic and disciplined way, and I think that’s going to be our approach, but certainly our leverage and capital structure has us feeling that we have very few limitations if there are good opportunities out there.
Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets: And then on the Sierra?
Steve Filton: I’m sorry. Yeah, it’s hard I guess for me to describe what’s kind of a normal managed care negotiation, Frank. The Sierra negotiation is a little different because I think some of our contracts have more differentiation existing between diagnoses, etcetera. The Sierra contract was – as large it was it was largely kind of a single rate contract, and we were trying to be a bit more nuanced in this go-round, and I think that’s what’s causing a little bit of the extra work here at the end. But I don’t think it’s terribly – indicates a terrible departure from what would be the shape and structure of other managed care contracts.
Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Christine Arnold with Cowen.
Christine Arnold – Cowen: Hi. Couple of follow-ups. First based on your comments on Sierra I trust that there aren’t changes in the ultimate payment terms of how we get the same pricing spend having is that true?
Alan Miller: Well what I said, Christine is obviously we believe we’ve agreed upon an increased amount, and, yes, we think we’re going to get that regardless of what we agree to, that whatever we agree to in terms of the specific diagnoses and allocation of rates to procedures it will total to the agreed upon increased amount.
Christine Arnold – Cowen: Okay. All right. So there’s no risk in the details here.
Alan Miller: We don’t believe so.
Christine Arnold – Cowen: Okay. And then the three facilities that you’re selling, could you remind us what the sell proceeds are likely to be on that in the second half?
Alan Miller: The sale proceeds are likely to be somewhere in the $100 million range when all the deals are completed, but I can’t guarantee they will all be completed in the second half of the year.
Christine Arnold – Cowen: And then this may not be possible, but is it on the acute care pricing side possible to put numbers around, gee of the 7.1% pricing in acute, we think we got two percentage points on CMI, we think we got better commercial pricing execution of something else, and then payer mix was worth something else? Or is that not something that’s quantifiable?
Alan Miller: Yeah, I think the easy answer is I’m sure it’s possible, Christine. It’s certainly not possible for me right now, but we will try and put some more substance around that and maybe include it in some of our conference presentations, etcetera, perhaps in Q3.
Christine Arnold – Cowen: Okay. And then final question, can you confirm if you have an uninsured patient your net revenue that you book is less than it is for insured patients?
Alan Miller: Sure. For a truly uninsured patient, in almost every case, there’s going to be a charity care and uninsured discount, and the amount of net revenue associated with that patient is going to be extremely low, quite frankly. The only exception to that would be if you add a patient who, for whatever reason, you concluded that even though they lacked insurance had the means to pay their bills and you were not taking any discount, I can assure you those patients are few and far between.
Christine Arnold – Cowen: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fishbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America: I was just looking at the psych margins again. And if I back into it, it looks like the same-store psych margins were up sequentially, but the non-acquired margins were down sequentially. Is there any reason for that?
Alan Miller: I think the problem in doing that, Kevin is we include some other nonrecurring items in the non same-store stuff that I think is going to distort your attempt to do that analysis. I would tell you that I think that if you will, using the term same-store margins for both the UHS and PSI facilities are both up, and they’re both up by similar amounts on a sequential basis.
Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America: Okay. That makes sense. And then the 300 plus beds that you guys are looking to build this year, I think that that number is less than what you and Psych Solutions used to be doing separately but combined. Any thought about why that number is the right number here versus maybe what the pro forma company used to be doing? And I guess I would have thought there might be some catch-up about some of the issue with Psych Solutions was they did not really continue to build beds last year. I thought there might actually be some pickup.
Alan Miller: Yeah, it’s all – those are all fair comments, Kevin. I think the challenge that we have in adding psych beds is that obviously people like to model them in a very ratable way and a very predictable way, and it’s hard to do. I think we believe that there is a pipeline of potential bed capacity expansion that’s pretty significant. Again, in both portfolios, because of regulatory issues and licensing and to a lesser – local zoning issues, we are working as fast as we can to add those beds, but, I think the pace is likely to pick up in ‘12 and ‘13.
Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America: Okay. And then last question, one of the things that I think in the past when we talked about taking the improvement on the acute care side and released – factoring it into the numbers going forward, one of the things is that you were looking for as far as payer mix was not only just uninsured being down but also commercial volumes being up. So I guess when we think about the mix trends is it right that we’re seeing uninsured volumes down but we still haven’t seen a rebound in commercial volumes?
Alan Miller: That’s absolutely correct.
Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Rex with JPMorgan.
John Rex – JPMorgan: Thanks. One more question, as we look to understand revenue yields better and kind of what’s going on there. Can you just size explicitly – and maybe I just missed this – what the percentage change in your case-mix index was in the quarter?
Steve Filton: I think the case-mix index is probably – Medicare case-mix index is probably 3 or 4% higher than it was in the comparable quarter last year, and I think our non-Medicare case-mix increased by a similar amount.
John Rex – JPMorgan: And was that – if you go back 1Q, would have that been a similar move or was this a step-up?
Steve Filton: I believe that the increase in both quarters was fairly similar, although sequentially Q2 was yet higher than Q1.
John Rex – JPMorgan: Okay. So the absolute – if I saw the absolute case-mix index, it was sequentially higher.
Steve Filton: Yes. So at least from a Medicare perspective, our case-mix index – we made this comment in Q1, but I’ll reiterate – is now – it’s the highest it’s ever been.
John Rex – JPMorgan: All right. And with regards to kind of some of the commentary that HCA was making earlier, specifically as it relates to cardiovascular surgeries and such, have you seen any shift there in that specific category?
Steve Filton: No, I would say – and again, as you might imagine, John, I mean, we’ve been largely focused this week on our own results and not paying too much attention to what others have reported, but I know that HCA talked a little bit about cardiovascular procedures, in general, and ICD procedures specifically. We’ve seen those procedures decline. I don’t think – I certainly wouldn’t say that that’s new to Q2. I think that decline has been fairly secular and has been in place for some time now. So, again, I don’t think there was anything terribly different about that trend for us in Q2. And obviously, we’ve seen an uptick in enough other procedures to move the acuity needle up.
John Rex – JPMorgan: Great. And then on the Psych business, so residential has been somewhat a headwind. You’ve commented in the past in terms of length of stay and states moving that. Can you size what’s – if you just break out the Medicaid residential business, what’s happened to length of stay over the past year? I’m just trying to see how much of a headwind that is and understand kind of what that’s inserting in the overall length of stay in Psych.
Steve Filton: Well, I think, you can just sort of go from the overall numbers. I mean, these are rough numbers, but admissions are up 7%, patient days are up 3%, which sort of implies that length of stay is down 4. What that really means is because of the length of stay decline is focused in the residential business, the length of stay is down even more than that in the residential business. But that order of magnitude, I think, gives awe sense of what we’re talking about.
John Rex – JPMorgan: I mean – and should we think of that as still an accelerating trend from the stays? I guess what I mean by this – is there still a long way to go for the states in terms of cutting length of stay in that business or should we be basing out? And that just comes back to – do we ever see any benefit in the consolidated length of stay from Mental Health Parity and other things like that?
Steve Filton: Well, I would answer the question in two ways, John. I mean, one is – look, I think that the reduction in length of stay on the part of state Medicaid programs is part in parcel with the reduction in Medicaid rates. I mean it is just another mechanism for the states in their own minds to pay less for mental healthcare. I think, from a clinical perspective, what our clinicians would argue is one of the reasons you’re seeing admissions so strong even in the residential business as well as the acute business is that it is a sort of clinically flawed strategy that you’re just discharging these parents sooner and they’re just coming back to the facility faster. So I’m not sure that it’s an effective strategy on the states’ part, but I’m not sure they are going to abandon it. So I think, as long as we continue to see Medicaid rate cuts, we’re likely to see Medicaid length of stay cuts as well.
John Rex – JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from John Ransom with Raymond James.
John Ransom – Raymond James: Hi. I guess, it’s either for Steve or Alan. A couple things. One, Alan, I’d be interested in your perspective on how, if and when, the debt ceiling drama ends. And secondly, could you just talk specifically about the former PSI facilities? I mean, when they ran these facilities, we would seemingly get a press release every week about some patient care issue. What have you guys done specifically either to address that or to maybe improve the regulatory response, when something happens, because we would notice sometimes they would choose to fight the regulators versus work with them when there was a problem?
Alan Miller: Let me talk, John, about the problems that they may have had. We have dedicated a great deal of effort and a number of people to reviewing all the procedures, particularly in the quality area, and we’re working our way through the facilities. So I’m very confident that whatever number of incidents they have had in the past and the problems will be a lot less going forward. We have very capable group, and I think we’re doing well in that regard. With regard to the debt ceiling, I was telling Steve this morning, I view that pretty much the way I view the NFL problem. I think that ultimately it will get resolved. The business round table a couple of weeks ago, 400 companies, we sent a letter in to the administration telling them that they had to resolve the situation before we fell off a cliff somewhere, and I think that’s going to happen. And I don’t know how. There’s a vote today, as you know, and we’ve all been following this as it goes along. Now there’s a vote in the house, and then it goes to the Senate, then the President, but I can’t imagine that ultimately something doesn’t get done in the short run to avoid what could be a huge problem. And I think we’ll actually, for the hospital business, and healthcare in general, I don’t think there will be too much emphasis on us in the short run.
John Ransom – Raymond James: Okay. Thanks. And just one more follow-up on Psych I mean was it – after you’ve done these things for a while do you think the quality issue was it a training issue, was it that you had to hire new people and replace a lot of the people that you had, was it just regulatory – sluggishness on regulatory response?
Steve Filton: John, I think the company was more focused on acquisitions and growing the company and showing size growth, quarter-by-quarter and not as detailed on the operations.
John Ransom – Raymond James: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Art Henderson with Jefferies & Company.
Arthur Henderson – Jefferies & Company: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Steve, going back on the CapEx, I know you talked a little bit earlier on in your comments about that number, but if I take the first half of the year, annualize out what you’ve spent, it’s about 232 million, and I think in your comments you said 325 to 350 is still on target. So I’m curious, if I – is there going to be some incremental spend in there in the back half that would get to you that number, or is that expectation a bit high, the CapEx will ultimately be lower?
Steve Filton: Yeah, Art, I mean if what I said was interpreted to be that we’re still going to get to that original capital spend guidance, I’m glad you asked the question, because I don’t think that’s really going to happen. You know, I think it’s far more likely that we – what I tried to say was that the pace of the spent will pick up in the second half of the year. I think the number we get to is much more likely to be kind of a 275 to 300 number.
Arthur Henderson – Jefferies & Company: Okay, 275 to 300. And then going back on – Alan, I know you were just talking about your perspective on Washington, and you mentioned short term hospitals are going to be okay. I was just curious, has the dynamic in Washington changed dramatically from – when you came out of the Healthcare Reform Bill and you had some visibility there, are they a bit more intolerant on making sure that the hospitals have extended visibility are you having to – seems like the number of ads that get run on TV supporting the hospitals and pushing against cuts seems to have gone up so I’m just curious like what kind of demands are being made on the hospital sector to the extent that you could talk about those at the moment?
Steve Filton: Well, the hospital industry has been running the ads, so they haven’t been a big surprise to us. You know, there’s a hospital in every community, and it’s a big employer in every community, and all of the legislators are well aware of the importance of the hospital, and its importance in people’s lives. So we just keep pointing that out. And beyond that, I think you know what we all know, and that there has been a great deal of expense beyond what the nation brings in, and there will be areas looking to reduce expense. But I don’t – I think it’s got to be done carefully, and I don’t see that legislators will want to do that at the hospital level without very, VERY carefully reviewing what they’re doing and doing it very judiciously.
Arthur Henderson – Jefferies & Company: And one last follow-up to that. To the extent that there are a lot of non-profits out there that are sort of tearing on the edge, I mean in times like this as your phones start ringing off the hook more from people looking to partner up, or is there any sort of change in that dynamic?
Alan Miller: I don’t know that there is. As Steve had mentioned, we’re very active. We’re talking to a lot of people, and where we find an opportunity, we’re in a position to act on it. We’re feeling good about our financial situation, so that’s all I could say with regard to your question.
Arthur Henderson – Jefferies & Company: Okay. All right. Well, thank you, Alan. I Appreciate. Thanks, Steve.
Steve Filton: Sure. I think we have time maybe for one more question.
Operator: Okay. (Operator Instructions) And your next question comes from Jake Hindelong of Ticonderoga.
Jake Hindelong – Ticonderoga: Okay. Good morning. Just a couple of questions, guys. First up, it’s on guidance. So your first two quarters ran ahead of budget, so I seem to be on trend. Would it be fair to assume that if the remainder of the year stays more or less on that trend that we could focus on the high end of your guidance range?
Steve Filton: Jake, I mean to be fair, I think the idea of having a range out there is that we’re suggesting that that’s our range. Once we start suggesting in essence where in the range we should be, I think we’ve changed our range. So we’re going to just stick with telling you what our range is.
Jake Hindelong – Ticonderoga: Okay. Great. Thanks, Steve. And then just secondly on the behavioral facilities that you’ve been divesting or that you’re planning to divest over the next couple of quarters, what kind of EBITDA multiples are you seeing?
Alan Miller: We, I think, said from the beginning that we thought we could dispose of the four facilities for a turn or two less than what we bought them for and I think we still think we’re kind of in that range.
Jake Hindelong – Ticonderoga: Thanks, guys.
Steve Filton: Okay. Well, we thank everybody for their time this quarter, and we look forward to speaking with everyone again after the third quarter results.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Brent Turner - Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration Jack E. Polson - Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer  Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer  
Analysts: Ryan Daniels - William Blair Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird Jeff Englander - Standard & Poor's Equity Group Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets  Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners A.J. Rice - Soleil Securities John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, Llc  Gary Taylor - Citigroup Alan Fishman - Thomas Weisel Partners Kevin Fischbeck - B of A Merrill Lynch 
Operator:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Psychiatric Solutions, Incorporation Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. 
Brent Turner: Good morning, I am Brent Turner, Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration, for Psychiatric Solutions, and I would like to welcome you to our conference call for the third quarter of 2009. Today’s call is being recorded and will be available for replay beginning today through November 13 by dialing 719-457-0820. The confirmation number for the replay is 3649045. The replay may also be accessed through November 13 at our website, which is psysolutions.com and at earnings.com. To the extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today’s call, you may also find a reconciliation of that measure to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by following the Investors link to News Releases and clicking on yesterday’s news release. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements, among others, regarding Psychiatric Solutions expected financial performance for 2009. For this purpose, any statement made during this call that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, the words believes, anticipates, plans, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are hereby cautioned that these statements may be affected by the important factors, among others, set forth in Psychiatric Solutions’ filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our third quarter news release and consequently actual operations and results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. At this time, for opening remarks, I would now like to turn the conference over to our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Joey Jacobs.
Joey Jacobs: Thank you, Brent, and good morning. Thanks for being with us today. As you know from our new release yesterday PSI’s financial results for the third quarter did not meet our expectations. Our operations were affected by the Labor Day holiday following seven days later than last year in a quarter that already absorbed the seasonal impact of vacation and school holidays as well as an adverse shift in our payer mix. One other factor is that had a greater and unexpected impact on our results than ever before was the increase in charity/indigent care. This increase came primarily in two specific markets, one county in California and the state of Colorado whose budget constraints have led to a reduction of adult charity/indigent beds in these markets. As a result the amount of our care for these patients increased by approximately $4 million for the third quarter, more than double the third quarter last year.  While we usually provide some of this uncompensated care every quarter the increase this quarter reduced our same facility revenue per patient day by an estimated 100 basis points compared with the third quarter last year. This had a negative impact on margins and lowered our earnings $0.04 per diluted share.  One other factor that affected our third quarter results was lower than expected earnings from our contract management business which impacted us by $0.02 per diluted share. Part of this shortfall related to higher expenses than planned as the revenue stream from our contract management company softened and part was related to unanticipated expense increases in our health plan business in Puerto Rico which has now been addressed.  During the third quarter we continued our work to add more than 400 beds to existing facilities for 2009 including more than 200 in the second half of the year. The majority of these beds are scheduled for the fourth quarter and this work, plus our maintenance costs, accounted for approximately 50% of our capital expenditures of $65.7 million for the third quarter.  We also completed the purchase of two facilities including one acquired on the last day of the quarter which added a total of 221 beds. As these purchases indicated the market for acquisition has improved from the first half of 2009.  Despite some increase in debt for the third quarter compared with the second we completed the quarter with more than $210 million in availability on our credit facility. We also expect to generate significant cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter. As a result we are well positioned to fund additional facility acquisitions that meet our strategic objectives. Based on our results for the first nine months and the fourth quarter to date we remain cautious in our outlook for the remainder of the year. We expect our charity/indigent care to remain at similar levels as the third quarter, at least through the end of the year. Despite this increase we continue to expect same facility revenue growth in the mid-single digits for the fourth quarter. We also expect the contract management business to perform to our expectations for the fourth quarter and as a result of this outlook we have adjusted our earnings guidance for 2009 to a near range of $2.11 to $2.14 per diluted share.  From a longer- term perspective we are optimistic about the growth prospects of the behavioral health industry and the opportunities we have as the industry leader. Industry dynamics are favorable with expectations for long-term growth and demand in a capacity constrained industry that remains highly fragmented. With our track record of leveraging these trends and increasing our market share we have proven our ability to expand our capacity through the addition of new beds and strategic acquisitions. At the same time we have increased our investment not only to provide the highest quality of care, but also to help drive a new level of industry transparency. Over the past 12 months PSI has provided its patients with approximately 2.8 million days of high quality care. Despite the recent industry pressure related to the current economic environment, we are confident that we are positioned to meet growing demand for our services for the long term. Thank you again for your time this morning and now Jack Polson, our Chief Accounting Officer, will review our financial results in more detail.
Jack Polson: Thank you, Joey and good morning. PSI’s revenue rose to $455.3 million for the third quarter of 2009 from $431.7 million for the third quarter last year. This was an increase of 5.5% for the second consecutive quarter. Income from continuing operations attributable to PSI stockholders was $28.1 million or $0.50 per diluted share for the latest quarter compared with $27.6 million or $0.49 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2008.  Our same facility revenue increased 4.7% for the third quarter on a 3.3% increase in patient days and a 1.6 increase in revenue per patient day. Same facility EITDA margin was 20.5% for the latest quarter compared with 21% for the third quarter of 2008. Our consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased to $79.9 million for the third quarter, up 2.5% from the third quarter last year. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 17.5% for the quarter versus 18.1% for the comparable quarter, which also reflected the impact of lower revenue growth, as Joey discussed, and a lower than expected contribution from the contract management business. PSI’s capital expenditures for the third quarter totaled $65.7 million, which includes $33 million for the addition of new beds and maintenance capital expenditures and $32.7 million for the two facility acquisitions. Net cash provided by continuing operating activities increased 11.2% for the third quarter to $34.6 million.  With total debt increasing approximately $30 million during the third quarter, our total debt to trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA was $3.9 x at quarters end, compared with 4.2 x at December 31, 2008 and 3.8 x at June 30th 2009. Debt to total capitalization improved to 56.2% from 59.6% at the end of 2008 and 56.5% at the end of the second quarter. This concludes our prepared remarks this morning. Jessica, would you please open the floor for any question.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ryan Daniels with William Blair.
Ryan Daniels - William Blair: I wanted to dive into the charity care issue a little bit more if I could. From your comments it seems like in Colorado and California maybe the state budgets have actually forced some of the state run facilities to be shut down or some of the beds to be reduced, is that what you were indicating in your commentary?
Joey Jacobs: Yes, it is. What happened in the third quarter for us in Sacramento County was it is really county/state funds. The Sacramento County has a 100 bed psychiatric hospital for charity/indigent patients for that county and starting at the end of June 1st of July they started diverting patients away and then closed 50 beds of the 100 beds leaving the med-surg emergency rooms and the three free standing psych hospitals in the area as the place for these patients to migrate to. For example in the third quarter of ’08 for our facilities in this market we recorded under $100,000.00 in charity and this time we recorded just about $1.7 million in the third quarter. Now we believe it is going to be moderating in the fourth quarter and we have an action plan. There are some things we can be doing at our two facilities there to mitigate this impact to the Company.  We have also begun dialogue with the county officials about reimbursement and getting reimbursement, so there is an action plan there where we can moderate the level of this charity care. We always took some charity care in those facilities, but all of this occurred in the third quarter for us in Sacramento County and so similar to Colorado it started a little bit earlier, maybe at the beginning of the second quarter there, and we have already taken actions at our facility there. We think the charity level will be going down going forward, trending down.  So, they make up about 75% of the increase in the charity care from third quarter ’09 over third quarter ’08.
Ryan Daniels - William Blair: Okay that is really helpful color. Just to be perfectly clear, when you are talking about charity care they will come to your facility and because you are a freestanding site, unlike an acute care hospital with a psych unit you actually do not get paid anything from the state for those patients?
Joey Jacobs: That is correct and quite frankly some of these patients do not even qualify for Medicaid, they are truly a charity/indigent patient that the county was just taking responsibility for.
Ryan Daniels - William Blair: Okay and maybe you can share with us some of the mitigation plans to help moderate that. It sounds like you have already put some into play in Colorado and you said some of that might be going to the state and you are saying you just can’t shut units and have us take on these patients for free; so maybe there is an argument to be made there. But, what else can you do from maybe a marketing perspective, or trying to fill beds with other patients? Any color there would be helpful.
Joey Jacobs: Our approach is going to be the county obviously realizes what they have done not only to us, but really to the medical/surgical hospitals emergency rooms. For programming for us, as we have evolved the Company we are becoming experts in various clinical programs. Our facilities there do not have a very strong geriatric program, so we may take some of those beds and develop a geriatric program. It is strategies like that that we are working on in Sacramento.  We did something similar at our facility in Colorado. It has expanded its TRICARE programs that are very specific just for the military and the military dependents, so those beds are very unique. There are things like that that we are going to do. We have in the past taken some charity patients and we are not afraid to take our charity patients, but the county just cannot dump all of these charity patients on us, the other freestanding psych hospitals in the med/surg emergency rooms.
Ryan Daniels - William Blair: Are you getting a feel from any other states? It sounds like Colorado you have an earlier fill and it sounds like these two areas are 75%, but are there any other states on the horizon that you are worried about, or think that this could have an impact, or do you have a pretty good handle around kind of what the future looks like at this point? 
Joey Jacobs:  We do not have, to my knowledge and we just went through our MORs for the month of September, we do not have any of this percolating in any of our other markets and really Sacramento County is very unique. We have other facilities in California and they are doing extremely well. They do not have this charity issue facing them, and they do not have a county hospital that is going to close or close its beds. Sacramento County must be suffering more than the other parts of California.
Ryan Daniels - William Blair: Okay and then my last question is on Puerto Rico. Could you provide a little bit more color on what exactly it was that kind of caused the penny hit and if that should be unique to the quarter do you guys think that could continue to pressure results going forward?
Joey Jacobs: We have one more month of hang over from our actions we have taken with that contract. When we bought this facility through the ABS transaction, we have a great network. We have the largest network in Puerto Rico providing mental health services. With the acquisition came a somewhat small insurance company where it was primarily an ASO arrangement with contracts, we decided to do at risk contracts on a small number of lives that started May 1. By June 30th we knew that we had not made a good decision here and we renegotiated out of that contract as of November 1st and it will revert back to an ASO relationship. So, we have one more month of impact in the fourth quarter for that contract and then it will go ASO type contract. That was a one-x blip that occurred over the summer months. We encourage our CEO’s that if opportunities present themselves that we will take calculated risks and on this one it didn’t work out for us, but quickly in June we began the discussions to turn it back into an ASO contract and we were successful in doing that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank Securities.  
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: So I am clear on the charity care issue, can you remind us the $4 million, or the dollars that you will be reflecting in charity/indigent are those on a gross revenue basis? Can you talk about how that trend has been in charity/indigent care say over the last couple of years, what percentage, what dollar amount would you attribute on an annual basis versus what you are seeing on a run rate basis now?
Joey Jacobs: I don’t have the exact full year number for ’08, but I think in ’08 we probably provided somewhere around $16 million of charity. For the first two months of this year we were tracking about $11 million, slightly over $5 million on average for the first two quarters of this year and then it jumped to $8.4. What we have done though is we have modeled, or looked at, what we expect to occur in the fourth quarter of ’09 because we know things are moving our way and we know we are mitigating the issue in Colorado. We know that things are going on in California, so we projected it to increase slightly to between $8.5 to $9 million for the fourth quarter. I am hopeful that this is the high water mark for us for our quarterly expenditure on this area and that it will start trending back down. That is the best I can give you and those are the numbers I have in front of me right now.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: I don’t want to pin you down on this and I know it is hard to predict, but for the investors who are listening to this and hearing about charity care being a dynamic in the behavioral sector maybe for the first time; state budgets, local budgets are under a lot of pressure and it sounds like there may be other local county indigent providers that could lose funding. I want to get your thoughts on why you think it may not be a bigger risk.
Joey Jacobs:   First, as I mentioned to Ron I do not know of any other county or market in the Company where we have this risk of a county charity/indigent hospital closing its beds. I am not aware of that going on anywhere else. This is really a Sacramento, California issue that has driven this and we think we have a way to mitigate that. Now, if the county had approached us we probably would have tried to find a way to work through this issue like we did in Raleigh, North Carolina. We had a state hospital that is in the process of closing there, but we worked with Wake County there in Raleigh, North Carolina and we built 44 beds. Wake County stepped up and has inside their budgets. I think it is actually the No.1 priority in Wake County, when you speak to the Wake County officials mental health is the No.1 priority for them and we have been able to work together in a partnership. We don’t get the greatest of rates, but we get an adequate rate there and so we were able to deflect that. Now we don’t have any other discussions going on and I am not aware of any other market where there is a charity/indigent facility that is trying to close or that sort of thing. So that is the reason for my statements about we have modeled it $8.5 to $9 million for fourth quarter, but we are expecting the Colorado facility to provide less charity care in the fourth quarter, that the California hospitals will still do a little bit more in the fourth quarter. So, that is the best read of the land. I know of no other county facility that is trying to do this and we do have plans that are working in Colorado. We did do this in Raleigh, North Carolina and we are going to work through and work with the Sacramento County officials on finding an answer here for this and so do the med/surg hospitals there. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Sure that is helpful. I wanted to ask about the acquisitions that you closed at the end of the quarter; I know you mentioned there were two of them. I just wanted to flag one thing and that was the $33 million in CapEx you spent on these deals, that is less than 1x revenue which is I think about as low as we have seen for a long time. I wanted to get your thoughts, Joey, on what kind of pricing you are seeing on acquisitions now and how we should think about capital spending on acquisitions and pricing on acquisitions as we look out to next year. 
Joey Jacobs: The two hospitals that we are mentioning, one is in Fargo, North Dakota and the other one is in Panama City, Florida. The one in Fargo, North Dakota was owned by two psychiatrists that had bought this old med/surg hospital and turned it into one of the only two freestanding psych hospitals in the whole state and it has done a wonderful job there. It had EBITDA margins in the mid to upper teens here. We did buy very good, similar to 2003, 2005 multiples at that time, 5x looking back as we adjust for specific issues.  The one in Florida was owned by a large not for profit hospital that bought it during the collapse of the industry in the 90s and now they need cash for their med/surg facility and we bought it for a little less than 1x revenue, I think, and so these two together are less than 1x revenue and EBITDA earnings are probably in the 5, 5.5 x for and so we expect more acquisitions to occur. I do not see anything else being acquired this year. These two are the only two facilities that we will acquire for 2009, I think. But 2010 the possibility of acquiring two to six facilities is there for us. Our pipeline is busy. Steve is keeping me very busy going on the road looking at facilities and so that is where we are at. The multiples have come back and so that is what is going on.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. I have a question about the bed counts and then a request for Jack. Jack, if you could give us your thoughts on this, will you recast the first and second quarters of the year separately excluding the EAP business or showing that as an asset health for sale, just out of curiosity. It will be easier for us to model that out into 2010.
Brent Turner: I will answer both of those. On the EAP obviously we have restated the first six months inside the nine-month numbers for the EAP going into discontinued operations and assets held for disposition. We had not planned on putting that out separately. We will certainly work with you on the line item adjustments there and if need be we can put something out. But, it is reflected in the nine-month numbers and we can help you bridge that adjustment.  On the bed count, we ended the quarter with 11,192 licensed beds and 10,706 beds in operation.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Arnold with Piper Jaffray.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray: On charity care, can you talk through the process of when you make the decision that those patients are going to be charity or indigent patients? The reason I am asking this is that a lot of people were surprised by the results when you guys provided the new guidance excluding the AP at the end of September. So, can you talk through that process of how and when you determine that that care will be considered charity care and reduces your revenues?
Joey Jacobs: On the average the acute patient stays with us nine days, our financial counselors at the facilities make the determination during the admission process. We will go through that process and it has various levels of approval. So it is real time when the patient is in the facility. Our goal is that by the time the patient is discharged we will have made that decision if this was a charity/indigent patient. Even if it is a self-pay account we try to do it real time and see how much the self-pay patient is going to pay us. If they are not going to pay us all off we do that discount at the time and set them up a monthly payment. We try to be as real time as possible about the classifications of the revenue and the appropriate recording of the deductions or expense.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray: Okay and how should we look at the margins in the quarter? What if any impact did the exclusion of the EAP business have on the EBITDA margins versus just the weak revenues?
Joey Jacobs: The EBITDA margins for the EAP company were slightly higher. They had good margins, but it was in the other category there, so you would have seen its impact there, but it would flow through to the Company. The biggest impact to the margins was, in my mind, we were short somewhere $4 to $6 million below my expectations. So, when I look at it when we treated these patients it was probably $4 to $6 million of revenue and I was expecting more than what we got and that would improve all of those margins. There were a couple of expense areas where we could have done a better job and we are working on those areas that would help that. So, 90% of the margin decline was the fact, to me, that we didn’t get our revenue like we should have. The way to offset that is to continue to grow our patient days. We were disappointed, but we were pleased with our patient day growth at 3.3% it is the highest for the year. The monthly numbers for patient day growth for same store was 1.2 in July, 4.1 in August, and 3.8 in September and so far through 26 days in October we are up 4.5% on same store patient day growth. So, we are optimistic, as we said here today, but it was more of a revenue, but there were a couple of expense areas we could have worked on and done better and we are going to do that. We are working through the budget process and so we are getting our facilities ready for 2010 and also getting them ready for the holidays. Thanksgiving will be here in four weeks, so we need to be adjusting our expenses and getting ready for the holidays. Like this year we saw that the census really didn’t come back until January the 15th so we are going to have to be managing our expenses better through the first two weeks of January than we did this year. Ron Fincher who is the interim COO for the Company is off to a great start about setting the expectation with our division presidents and CEOs on doing that and that will help the margins. 
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray: Do you have the break down of to what extent the two markets that you talked about with the charity and indigent care, to what portion the volume growth that we saw was attributable to those markets where the volume growth was obviously on patients that aren’t paying?
Joey Jacobs: The best thing we could do there was to estimate what we thought it did. We thought it cost us 100 basis points on our revenue per day. Because charity/the indigent patient had not been significant to us and hopefully it won’t be, but starting January 1st we will be capturing those revenues, patient days, and admits in a separate category where we had not in the past. So, we are going to work better on getting our IT system so we can answer your question in more detail.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray: There was also a fairly big jump in other operating expenses in the quarter. What caused that and should we expect that dollar value to be similar in Q4?
Joey Jacobs: That is the management contract driving that. We expect revenues and earnings to come back to profitability and the contract in Puerto Rico that is going ASO will impact that line. So, we hope and expect that it will trend down, but once again, we will have to get through the quarter.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Adam Feinstein with Barclays Capital.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: I wanted you to delve into charity care into more detail. I appreciate the fact that you have gone through it a lot, but this is a newer issue for you guys. First, I think in the past the thought of charity care, uninsured, bad debt, really wasn’t as much as an overhang for you guys. I hear comments about some specific state issues that you think will get better, but certainly with respect to things maybe getting worse and at the same time if it doesn’t manifest itself through increased charity care we could see higher bad debt expense. So, I am just throwing that out there and I wanted you to talk about your confidence level and then at the same time do you think we will see bad debt expense move up also?
Joey Jacobs: We know what we did in Colorado is working and we are confident that we will work through the issue in California. Quite frankly, we would not be having this discussion if it wasn’t for Sacramento County. We do not see another Sacramento County out there on the landscape anywhere in our markets, so we are going to work through this issue there. I want to see it plateau, see it trend down.  Bad debts remember 60% of our patients are children and adolescents and they don’t have co-pays and deductibles. If started to see people putting co-pays and deductibles on Medicaid or state agency kids I would get concerned, but so far I haven’t seen that, so all of that population would be fully covered. Bad debts we have historically run 2%; could it go from 2% to 2.2% or something like that? That is possible but I do not see huge increases in the bad debt expense anywhere. I don’t see that coming. No one has told me anything like that.  None of our operation or division CFOs or Ron Fincher has given me a heads up that that is coming, so I just don’t see that, though it is always a possibility. We have been out on the road the last 90 days and talking to folks. Obviously everybody needs the economy to get better and the state budgets to get better and we want that to occur to help us too.  That is the best I can do on that Adam.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: I understand. You guys called out Sacramento County as well as Colorado, but if you x those markets out does charity care go up and the other markets? You gave out those numbers earlier, but I am just trying to… 
Joey Jacobs: Do you mean as compared to the third quarter of ’08?
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Yes.
Joey Jacobs: It actually went down. You have to remember in the third quarter of ’08 there was only $100,000.00 in there for Sacramento County and now it is nearly $2 million. Once again it is only $8 million and $3 of the $4 million increase was Colorado Springs and California.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Riveredge it sounds like you guys have been making progress there, so you would have annualized the impact midway through the quarter. How much of a pick up did you get on that this year relative to last year and just any updates?
Joey Jacobs: I will give updates on the demand side. The hold was put in, I think, the third week of July of last year, so for the third quarter Riveredge averaged 91 patients, and last year it averaged 94. This year Riveredge is averaging 110 patients for October versus 94, 97 for last year. So it is up about 10% over last year for the month of October to date. If we can keep those trends continuing through the fourth quarter patient days are going to be positive growth over the quarter last year and that is what we are working on.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Your patient mix, could you give us some ballpark numbers in terms of payer mix for the quarter and how that changed relative to last year? Maybe it didn’t change much, but I just want to better understand the mix of patients you are seeing.
Joey Jacobs: I do not have that detail with me. What I can tell you is obviously charity was also dumped in self-pay and other for us in our financial system classification. I think that did increase a little bit, so it took away from the other payer mixes there. There wasn’t a lot of movement in the Medicaid. There might have been some decline in state agencies, but it was minor movements once again. It is hard to move our payer mix very much anyway.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital:  The only reason I was asking was because of the charity care issue you brought up, so I was just wondering if you were seeing more patients move from the commercial population to self-pay.
Joey Jacobs: Until we get our financial system up January 1st when we will start categorizing charity care as a very separate account we won’t have those numbers.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Whit Mayo with Robert W. Baird.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Just given the pressure on budget and waiver funding right now, Joey, has this impacted at all any of your out of state RTC referrals? I understand a lot of those are very specific in unique cases either at the Deaf Academy or Texas Neuro more often than not, but how has that trended over the past maybe 6 to 12 months?
Joey Jacobs: I don’t have those numbers, but I have a lot of anecdotal information. So far this month we have had a new state refer to our Deaf Academy two new patients. This year we have put together a corporate call center for referral placements for placements for RTC patients and we are hitting record levels as far as admissions being sent to our facilities and referral packets being reviewed. I don’t have the details on that, but I do stay close to how many admissions they are having weekly and sometimes daily. I do know we have broken into some new states that normally would not have been giving us referrals.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Do you have any idea for just the number of patient days that you’re getting from out of state? Then if you could comment on the negotiated rates, whether or not those rates are changing at all?
Joey Jacobs: The vast majority of our RTC patients are out of state. I don’t have the rate information here in front of me.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: If we compare maybe kind of renewal rates right now with some of those states, has that gotten better or worse then a year ago?
Joey Jacobs: I think it stayed status quo. I think actually one large referral area has actually given us an increase.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Jack, did you guys reverse any bonus accruals in the quarter and if so what was that number?
Jack Polson: We did that as we did any quarter where we don’t have the expectations. I don’t have the exact number because it is done at each individual facility level, but that is done with RA. We don’t meet expectations; we don’t expect to pay out bonuses.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Was the number really an expense or was it a benefit for you in the quarter as you reversed it?
Joey Jacobs: It would be a benefit. Obviously with the results for the third quarter, there was some pick up in the reversal of bonus accruals, because they might have been in the bonus accrual at a certain level and due to the performance they had to reduce it, or if they were barely over it had to be reversed out. But, that is a real time, every quarter accounting issue. I just don’t have the numbers.
Jack Polson: But the expense wasn’t a negative expense in the quarter. There are still facilities that earn bonuses.  
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: That makes sense; maybe we can talk offline about that. Just maybe on the management contract business, just to be clearer it sounds like you lost some plans, some of the old Horizon plans. Were any of those, those big high priced cadillac plans that Horizon managed and can you minus how many rehab contracts you still have?
Joey Jacobs:  First, there was none of the large contribution contracts. This year we have seen more of a decline in the rehab contracts. Unfortunately for us we have several new contracts that are full staff models that began in the second quarter and as they ramp up their staff and their census they had negative earnings, they lost money. We lost $360,000.00 in the quarter for the start-up contracts, but we also lost several rehab contracts during the year. Our folks are optimistic and we do think their performance will be better in the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter and so it still generates cash and earnings for us.  Another key point here is of the contracts nearly half of the contracts were up for renewal this year and I think we had something over an 80% renewal rate. Next year we only have 35 contracts up for renewal, so we will not have as much pressure about getting contracts renewed.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: So we could frame up the risk around those 35 contracts could you isolate for us how much annual revenue that would contribute, obviously assuming that you would probably still have an 80%?
Joey Jacobs: I don’t have that detail in front of me. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeff Englander with Standard & Poor's Equity Group.
Jeff Englander - Standard & Poor's Equity Group: Given the charity care question I am wondering if you can give us some color that you are seeing from any other states and/or anything you are doing in anticipation of any kind of pressure or any kind of cutbacks?
Joey Jacobs: During our monthly operating review for September it was not highlighted to me that any other counties were having an issue similar to what’s happening in Sacramento County and that is a very unique arrangement there. We project, and we have lowered this over time, rate increases for Medicaid we think are zero at best going forward for the next 12 months, but, as I mentioned earlier, we have had one large referral source to our residential facilities give us an increase. So, we do provide a very unique service that is very much in demand and so we do have some pricing leverage there, but no one has brought it to my attention that there is another Sacramento County out there that would cause this. Due to our sensitivity now I think they would be quickly coming to see me and telling me that we might have an issue or we need to work on this. So, I am not doing that and no one has come to me.
Jeff Englander - Standard & Poor's Equity Group: You mentioned what had happened in Raleigh. Have any other states approached you with similar circumstances at all?
Joey Jacobs: We have been presented with opportunities to run state facilities and we have passed on those. We would do more Raleigh’s, but right now we do not have any of those discussions under way. No one has approached us to do that model. That model is working very, very well both for the county and for us, and most importantly the patients. It is a good, safe facility and they are getting good care. But, no one else has approached us, but we have over time been approached about running state psych hospitals.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets. 
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets : I have a question on the update on med now reserves, there was no mention of that in the quarter. I am just curious if you have an update there. Then once again I just want to be perfectly clear on the separate and apart on the indigent care issues, your expectations for rate growth overall for 2010.
Joey Jacobs: Let me take the rate increases first. We want to be in the 2% to 3% overall revenue per day increases for the Company and to do that we think Medicare will give us 2% next year; we are expecting 6% to 85 from the commercial payers. There are some states giving us rate increases, but some are cutting. Overall we would like our revenue per day to go up 2% to 3% every quarter and for the whole year next year. As far as the malpractice the accruals occurred as they normally do each month. We are into the fourth quarter and we will be doing the full blown actuarial study once we get past 12/31 and we will have it some time at the end of January, but so far everything has been normal on that line.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets :  Okay and just to be clear on the rate growth 2% Medicare, 6% to 8% commercial and then 0% for Medicaid and that still gets you 2% to 3%?
Joey Jacobs: We hope. Now, I said revenue per day Frank. Make sure you write that down, revenue per day, because we are building a lot of acute beds and it is according to what kind of programs the payer makes us go into those beds. If we are successful in doing some very specific clinical beds that will help drive that revenue per day number.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets :  Is there any way to get reimbursed for psych care for these adult indigents if it is an outpatient visit? I mean is there any way you can treat these patients on an outpatient basis and don’t you get an exemption from the A&D exclusion if it is an outpatient visit?
Joey Jacobs:  We have very little outpatient volume inside the Company. I would have to check with our business office people, billing people about that. One thing that is in the healthcare reform bill, well there are a couple of things: Some of these people would qualify for the uninsured that President Obama is going to cover; the other thing is that inside the healthcare reform bill is our demonstration project about adult Medicaid patients going to freestanding psych facilities and getting paid. So there are a couple of things in the healthcare reform bill that would absolutely benefit us. One, similar to med/surg is taking care of the charity patients and uninsured and on Medicaid adult there is a demonstration project and obviously we would be asking for that demonstration project to be put in markets where we have an issue of treating more Medicaid adult patients because the med/surg hospitals have closed their psych beds.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kevin Campbell with Avondale Partners.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners: First on the commercial rate increases, do you still feel comfortable that 6% to 8% is achievable despite the pressures that perhaps the managed care companies are seeing themselves elsewhere? Do you still think that 6% to 8% is a good number?
Joey Jacobs: We hope so. That is what we have been getting. That is what we have been seeing and so.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners: Have you negotiated some this past quarter to get recent rate negotiations where you are still seeing those types of increases?
Joey Jacobs: Yes we have. 
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners: I also wanted to step back to the charity care question and the time when you recognize it as charity care. If you are recognizing it throughout the quarter and you had the chance, obviously when you revised guidance on September 30th that wasn’t an issue that you thought of then; so I am just trying to better understand what happened between now and then that resulted in the reduction.
Joey Jacobs: If you follow the Company our third quarter is made on how we do in September and during the third week of September was when we were doing all of the work on getting the press release ready for the EAP sale. As I look back at that, probably what we should have done was to have that press release out earlier. We did not know the full impact of the charity and the results for September and for the quarter until somewhere around probably around October the 8th, give or take a couple of days there, so that was the timing. Probably what we should have done was to get the EAP announcement out sooner. It was done the third week of September and then released on the 30th I think, by the time it got through all the approvals and reviews here at the Company. Once again, our third quarter is made on how September does and we didn’t know that until the second week of October.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners: On 2010 guidance typically you issue that with the third quarter release, at least I have seen you do that in the past. Is there a reason why you didn’t do that this year?
Joey Jacobs: Absolutely, it was the first quarter of this year. So, I think we have told most everybody that we will be giving 2010’s guidance sometime after the first of the year. We are going to let the books get closed. We are going to have our budgets finalized and adjusted and then we will be giving the guidance sometime after the first of the year.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners: Okay and then on the contract management as well, so clearly there were some of the issues in Puerto Rico, but what were the other issues in the contract management business? I didn’t quite gather all of that from some of the earlier comments.
Joey Jacobs: Some of it was start up losses for new contracts that we have signed. They have lost, I think, $350,000.00 during the quarter. Also, the reduction in contracts were greater to us in the third quarter and Puerto Rico; when you put all of those things together that caused the miss in the contract division for PSI.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners: The start up costs you feel like over time would go away as you ramp up there and turn those profitable. Puerto Rico clearly will change. Of those two what percent does that represent of the relative shortfall there versus the decline in contract? Clearly the decline in contract is sort of a continuing, on going issue.
Joey Jacobs: It is probably a penny each way. It is probably a penny on this ramp up of the start up losses in Puerto Rico and there is probably a penny on the lost contracts. That is my best estimate on the limited information I have in front of me.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners: On the RTC side one of the things that we have seen from talking to some other private providers is utilization pressures just on the front end, not necessarily when the children and adolescents have been placed, but just getting those referrals. Have you noticed that yourselves in the RTC business and if so is it in select markets over others or?
Joey Jacobs:  We have done really well with our national call center on placements and the number of placements continues to grow each month, as we started that department at the beginning of the year. Then we are building 20 RTC beds in Arkansas right now and we sped up construction because there are patients that need to be in those beds. We have some very good RTC facilities and some very good RTC programs that states need to send their patients to.
Operator:  Your next question comes from A.J. Rice with Soleil Securities.
A.J. Rice - Soleil Securities: Not to belabor a point, but on the Sacramento situation you have a million seven impact in the quarter. Adults you said have a nine-day average length of stay. You have about $500 to $600 average reimbursement per case. That seems like a huge number for one facility. Am I missing something there or how can you explain that?
Joey Jacobs: There are two facilities there and I haven’t worked through the math like you have there. The only think I know is I have one [interposing].
A.J. Rice - Soleil Securities:  Is there some other dynamic there? Is it a catch up of previously treated patients from other periods?
Joey Jacobs: No, it is not a catch up. Probably some of the difference is that when the County hospital had been full they would send overflow to us and the County of Sacramento would pay for those patients. So, there would be some of those patients that we were actually treating previously that got paid and they stopped that as of July 1st too, paying our facilities for treating charity/indigent patients, so that would also be in that number.
A.J. Rice - Soleil Securities: Maybe slice it a different way, if you look at patient days year-to-year up 3.3% how much was charity up if you just look at the charity days? Do you have that number by any chance?
Joey Jacobs: As I mentioned earlier on the call our system does not capture charity patient days and admissions specifically for charity. We have a catchall that says self-pay and other where these types of patients would be categorized. Starting January 1st we are going to be capturing them in a specific charity/indigent so we will know better. We know the dollar amounts, but we really don’t know how many patient days and admissions were involved there.
Brent Turner: On the California there was a million nine increase for Sacramento. Rates out there are much higher than the 500 average for the company. Using 800 and 92 days in the month it is an increase of about 25 patients across two facilities. That is still the total dollars we referenced. The length of stay, even though that company’s average is nine, in California it would be one to two days lower.
A.J. Rice - Soleil Securities:  So on the self-pay if you were to look at that number year-to-year what kind of increase would you get on self-pay?
Brent Turner: I don’t have that number. 
A.J. Rice - Soleil Securities:  On the contract management, EAP came out of that right? So you are running $45 million in the second quarter and your EAP would have taken about what $13 million out of that going into the third quarter?
Joey Jacobs: How much revenue was taken out in the third quarter for the EAP or how much would have normally been there?
A.J. Rice - Soleil Securities:  Yes, obviously it was down and less than it had been in the [interposing].
Joey Jacobs: We are looking for that number for you. The revenue for the EAP company was slightly over $40 million I thought. So, if you divided that by four it is going to be somewhere around $10 to $11 million that would have normally been there.
Jack Polson: In ’08 it was $43 million, about $11 million.
A.J. Rice - Soleil Securities:  So that puts you sort of flat sequentially in the contract management x EAP am I thinking about that the right way?
Joey Jacobs: It was flat to slightly down, yes.
Jack Polson: But it also increased because the gross revenue increased because of the at risk contract in Puerto Rico which we have adjusted for.
Joey Jacobs: That is right. I don’t know if you were on earlier, but in May of this year we entered into an at risk contract, so we put more gross revenue there and that will go away November 1st.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Ransom with Raymond James & Associates.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: The adult business, are you seeing any impact yet from the Company hiring unemployment numbers? Is the demand side on the adult side still holding up and do you think it will continue to? Is that still stable? I know you were talking about your price increases but what about the demand and the volume?
Joey Jacobs: It is very stable on the RTC business, which is all children. On the acute side the demand for the adult business, for the month we are up 4.5% total and acute will be up more than the 4.5%, RDC will be bringing that down. So, the demand for the acute children and adult I think is doing very well. I don’t have those specific numbers, but I would expect that it is doing well.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay and if you were to look out, let’s just assume conservatively which I don’t think is going to be right, but no acquisitions. If you were to look at your bed count additions and the conversion in Chicago, if we were to look at the end of 2010 what do you think our approximate revenue mix is between the two businesses if you will? I mean how much is going to skew to adult and child acute versus RTC by the end of 2010 versus where it is now?
Joey Jacobs: You would have to call back. We would have to do a little study on that. We will give you the number, but we would have to do more homework on that.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: The issue is wouldn’t we expect, not a gigantic, but a material up tick in the acute mix given where you are trending your new bed count?
Joey Jacobs: Absolutely. We expect to have more acute patients next year than we did this year. When you talk about the adult, I don’t have the adult and the child broken out. I have acute and RTC, but I don’t have acute broken out between adult and child with me.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andreas Dirnagl with Stephens Inc.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Joey, I know it is obviously going to be the No.1 topic today, but when it comes to Sacramento and Colorado Spring, I guess you made some comments in your prepared remarks and then answering questions. I guess in Colorado you seem to get a sense that something was going on by the beginning of the second quarter. In Sacramento I think you mentioned that at the end of June, early July they began to divert and then they closed 50 beds. Was there something missed there? In other words when was the first monthly operating review that you heard about this happening? Were there forewarning signs that you maybe could have seen that you are now on the look out in other states for? It seemed to come on rather suddenly and what is to give us comfort that it is not going to come on rather suddenly despite the fact that right now you are not aware of anything happening in other states?
Joey Jacobs: I think just the level of sensitivity that has been raised over this issue by the ones on the call and by our CEOs in the field. We’ve sent a clear message to the CEOs in the field that any inkling of information about something like this they need to get it to us immediately.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: In Sacramento specifically were there signs, or was there any inkling that maybe you should have been picking up on a couple of weeks or months earlier?
Joey Jacobs: Absolutely, there were signs in California about budget issues. Fortunately for us it only impacted these two facilities. Our facility in Freemont and our two facilities in the L.A. area are not impacted by this. This was specifically a Sacramento area issue and I have a feeling our folks were hopeful that there was a way it was going to be fixed by the Governor. I don’t think they still have their budget done. I don’t think anyone, in the beginning, thought they were going to close 50 of their 100 beds.  Obviously in the second quarter of ’09 somebody had to be talking about this and telling us about this that these issues were going on, but as far as the magnitude of what they did it surprised us all.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: So in other words the actual action of closing the 50 beds was very quickly decided and caught everyone by surprise?
Joey Jacobs: To my knowledge it was all decided in the third quarter.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: To be blunt, there has been a risk in future quarters that that could happen in a number of other locales. If the decision is to be made and then the impact of the Company can happen within a couple of weeks…
Joey Jacobs: The unexpected can happen, but this is what you need to find, how many markets have 100-bed charity freestanding psych hospital funded by the county? That instantly reduces the pull instantly, absolutely instantly.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: And of your markets how many do?
Joey Jacobs: To my knowledge I know of no other that is set up like this. Maybe after this call we will poll our CEOs again about that specific question, who has a 100-bed charity hospital bed hospital funded by the county in your market that could close? We may survey our CEOs and do that, but once again, when you put that criterion out there who has a 100-bed charity hospital funded by a county, they are few and far between.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Okay, so Colorado was a slightly different circumstance then?
Joey Jacobs: Colorado was, well first population density matters here and that several med/surg hospitals over the past 12 months had closed their psych beds due to budget constraints. I think Colorado may have one of the largest unemployment rates in the whole country and the largest uninsured rates in the whole country. But, we are working around that and we expect the charity issue in Colorado to trend down.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Okay and then in general clearly there is a potential moral or charitable obligation to take these patients. What is the legal obligation to take these patients?
Joey Jacobs: The legal obligation is for us and med/surg hospitals in its entirety. If a patient shows up to you and they are in an emergency condition you have to treat that patient. Every hospital in this country has that obligation whether you are a psych hospital or a med/surg hospital; you have to treat that patient.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Then just to be clear in terms of the mitigation factors that you are taking, by in effect putting in a specialized program and designating those beds to the specialized program, if you don’t have an appropriate bed for a patient you can’t take them?
Joey Jacobs: Absolutely, you could not put a 40-year-old adult acute patient in a geriatric-based program where all of the patients there are 79+ years old. That would not be safe to the patient that needs care and it definitely would not be safe to the geriatric patients on that unit.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Your comments were that the Puerto Rico issue by June 30th it was clear that this was a problem. The end of June, early July the divert and then the closing of the beds in July, obviously California, Sacramento had an impact in part of July and most of August. By the third week of September you would have theoretically closed the first two months of the quarter and seen that there were already a couple of things going against you. I know that the quarter is made in September, but was it basically the hope that okay despite the fact that Labor Day is a week late this year and we knew September was maybe going to be problematic that we would still be able to make up this shortfall, in terms of not adjusting your guidance?
Joey Jacobs: Coming into the month of September we just came up August and the patient day growth was up 4.1%.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: And pricing at that point?
Joey Jacobs: I don’t have the pricing numbers in front of me. Then September ended up 3.8%. The real issue is this $4 million of charity care and that as we have explained $3 of the $4 million is in two markets.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Labor Day was a week late this year; do you have any estimate as to what impact that had on the business in terms of maybe volumes?
Joey Jacobs:  I can always give you estimates. We are now averaging 4.5 for the month of October. We averaged 4.1 in August. Could I easily have reached a conclusion that Septembers 3.8 would have been above 4%? Sure I can, but the Labor Day week took it down. So, if I was to go back and look at September and say what would we normally think we would have gotten out of this, it probably would have been above 4% patient day growth because we had that in August and we have it so far in October. So, the trending of patient day growth was 4.1, 3.8 and now 4.5, so obviously when looking back at it I would have expected September would have had a chance to be above 4%.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo Securities, Llc. 
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, Llc : In terms of the mitigation that you have discussed in Colorado, you talked about adding some TRICARE business, so can you just maybe talk about the dynamic that that helps you avoid some of the charity care? Is that just because you fill beds with other business and so you don’t have beds for charity care, how does that work?
Joey Jacobs: Let’s think through this. If you have an 80-bed hospital and you have five very distinct programs, distinct meaning a child and adolescent, or a child and an adolescent program, or a TRICARE program, or a geriatric program. If you have a defined clinical program for these distinct units for the safety of the patient and the safety of the patients in those units, the patients have to have similar diagnoses. Once again, if you have a geriatric unit that is taking care of patients that are 65 and older you are not going to put a 40-year-old adult on that ward. It is designed totally differently, the equipment, the bed, everything there is different for that patient. So, if your facility has these unique programs and a patient presents that doesn’t qualify for the clinical programs you obviously cannot treat that patient. We have an obligation to try and find you a place to send that patient to, but more importantly, when the referral source calls we will legitimately say we have two geriatric beds open. So, if the patient is not a geriatric patient then that person needs to go somewhere else. That is how very specific clinical programs can develop very specific niches. This is one way you diversity payer mix. 
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, Llc : That is helpful color and then just to clarify one of the numbers that you gave out, I believe you said that Colorado was 75% of the issue in the quarter and then you also said you mostly mitigated that.
Joey Jacobs:
 :
Operator:  Your next question comes from Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Your two facilities in Sacramento I think are about 148 beds, am I right?
Joey Jacobs: That is close.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay and then I want to go back to your comment on 2010 guidance. You would anticipate releasing that after the New Year but before the release of the Q4 which is probably in February, or with the Q4?
Joey Jacobs: I didn’t make that commitment. I just said it would be after January. We would have to talk to the board and we would have to huddle, the board would approve the budgets and things like that. There are some logistics we would have to go through and then the timing we would have to decide. I don’t know what most companies do. Historically we have done it in November, but we do think it is prudent for us not to do it the first week of November when you still have 60 days of the year to go.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Right, no, I think most companies give it in conjunction with their Q4 earnings report, but there are a couple that actually give it earlier in January, so I just wanted to see if that was firm or it sounds like it is not firm.
Joey Jacobs: Somewhere in the New Year is the answer.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: You mentioned on the Medicaid side some states giving increases and some states cutting. What state gave you the biggest rate cut and what was the magnitude of that?
Joey Jacobs: Probably what is going on in North Carolina, they are doing somewhere between a 3% to 7% rate cut in North Carolina based upon the services, I think. To my recollection that is probably the biggest cuts that have occurred.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Is that an ongoing process or is that pretty finalized?
Joey Jacobs: I think it is either finalized or will be finalized shortly.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: In your contract management business, the contracts that you failed to renew, is there a competitor that is willing to do it cheaper, has there been dissatisfaction? What do you attribute some of that contract loss to?
Joey Jacobs: What we have seen is facilities try to do it in-house. They think they are going to make money by eliminating the management fee that we were charging, or someone buys the med/surg hospital, or the CEO terminates and the new CEO doesn’t believe in outsourcing. Those are really the three reasons why a contract turns. Very rarely will you get a contract terminated for performance.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: The Puerto Rico health plan was the assumption of risk there you were taking there purely a behavioral risk or was there some medical risk that you have been parceling out?
Joey Jacobs:  It was behavioral and drugs. 
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay and then I thought the commentary around Sacramento was very helpful to understanding this, but I am not as clear on what happened in Colorado. You are describing more of just a macro issue of seeing more charity as opposed to any sort of definitive unilateral action by a city, county, or state facility, is that correct?
Joey Jacobs: That is correct. I do not know of any unilateral decision made there. What I do know is that over 12 months quite a few psych beds closed inside med/surg hospitals and then one day we woke up and we are the primary provider for Southern Colorado and with that came more referrals for the charity/indigent patient than we had seen previously.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: How does Texas look and feel on the charity issue?
Joey Jacobs: It is not an issue at all and no one is saying it is an issue.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Going back to the concept of, these were obviously isolated incidents, but of course the markets worry that at some point this could be broader, or even if you are not seeing issues now more issues could pop up and you have allowed for that. I think in most of your markets wouldn’t there be some safety net, city, county, state facility that is taking these Medicaid adults? Wouldn’t that be true in most of your markets? Maybe not a single large provider, as large as 100 beds, but wouldn’t that sort of safety net exist in most markets, or not?
Joey Jacobs: No, not really. This hospital in Sacramento County, these weren’t all Medicaid patients. These were truly charity that they were taking care of. These people didn’t have coverage. These people were uninsured.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Regardless of whether they are Medicaid adults or just people that either didn’t sign up or didn’t qualify for Medicaid, isn’t there a sort of safety net city, county, state capacity in most of these markets or they just end up at the city med/surg hospital, or county med/surg facility?
Joey Jacobs: I will take Tennessee for example. I think in Tennessee there are three large freestanding psych state hospitals scattered through out the state geographically. Then inside med/surg hospitals there are psych beds that should be taking care of the Medicaid adult patients. So that is what is going on. Then there is more for an out patient basis there are community mental health centers that would be treating the adult schizophrenic population and they would be residing there. 
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: I guess there are a lot more out patient safety net resources than in-patient at this point?
Joey Jacobs: Absolutely, there are a lot of mental health centers through out the country.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Alan Fishman with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Alan Fishman - Thomas Weisel Partners: My question is around the portion of revenue that is related to state agencies. How are those rates generally set?
Joey Jacobs: Some state agencies may use Medicaid costs; some of them may be set by individual negotiations, probably a majority of them.
Alan Fishman - Thomas Weisel Partners: Are based on negotiations?
Joey Jacobs: Yes.
Alan Fishman - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay and so you talked about a 0% at best in 2010 Medicaid reimbursement rate, should that also include the state agencies at 0% as well, or what do you think about that as you look forward to 2010 and still targeting this 2% to 3% revenue per day?
Joey Jacobs: This is primarily for RTC patients that are being referred out of state. I would think that we would get a 2% to 4% price increase there. For example I mentioned earlier that one of our large referral sources gave us a good increase. So, I think the more specialized the RTC patient is that is being referred to us from out of state the better our chances are of getting adequate reimbursement.
Alan Fishman - Thomas Weisel Partners: Switching over to Medicaid reimbursement, you mentioned North Carolina, but what other states might you be looking at that are considering Medicaid reductions and how does that factor into your Q4 and 2010 expectation for this 2% to 3% revenue per day growth?
Joey Jacobs: Right now the worry will restart next year getting ready for July 1st and October 1st. The only really straggling budget out there is California: they have made a lot of their cuts, but once again in California the economy is not very good at all. Right now the only one I am really worried about right now is California’s budget because basically we have gotten through all of the other state budgets.
Alan Fishman - Thomas Weisel Partners: How quickly can you transition beds in the acute setting from a general purpose, or another program, into a geriatric to mitigate this potential charity care issue?
Joey Jacobs: I think it would probably take us 60 days, maybe even a little less. We have a lot of expertise in doing geriatric-based units. One thing is you have to go back and re-look at the environment. In the geriatric population instantly falls become an issue, so we would go back and re-look about the flooring and beds and those sorts of things we would have to do. We would have to do some of that and then the staff would have to be trained for that geriatric patient and their special needs for that patient. By the time you got through the in-service and additional training probably 30 to 60 days maybe.
Alan Fishman - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Okay and that would be relatively similar for TRICARE as well?
Joey Jacobs:  Yes. It takes about 60 days to bring up any clinical program.
Alan Fishman - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay and I guess you were aware of the self-pay volume increase, how did that contribute to the overall volume growth in the quarter? Did you break that out?
Joey Jacobs: I don’t have that number.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Banc of America Merrill Lynch 
Kevin Fischbeck - B of A Merrill Lynch: I want to follow up on a comment you made earlier. The comment you made on the two deals you closed so far was helpful, but you also mentioned the ability to maybe do two to six deals next year, which I think is up from the two to three that you have recently been talking about. I just want to get a better sense of that visibility in the pipeline. What is driving it? Are the types of sellers changing? Can you give us any color there?
Joey Jacobs: More activity and actually there is activity with multi-facilities in one transaction. So, we could do one transaction and fill the six, or two transactions and get to the six. We have more of those opportunities now that the credit markets and PSI’s balance sheet has been strengthened, so the ability now to continue to consolidate the market is there for us, so the activity has picked up and there can be transactions that would get us there through one transaction.
Kevin Fischbeck - B of A Merrill Lynch: Okay so it is not as much a situation of, I guess you mentioned one of the hospitals being a non-profit hospital looking to focus on its core business is not necessarily an issue of the economy weighing on those types of sellers as it has as much to do with the financial flexibility that you have now opening you up to doing larger transactions?
Joey Jacobs: Correct.
Kevin Fischbeck - B of A Merrill Lynch: When we look at the cost structure that you have now, when we look at your margins and you look at each line item, the comments that you made earlier about other operating expense being a little bit high and how that is going to start to improve in Q4 was helpful. Is there anything else that you would look at, any line items where you say here is an area where either there is going to be a lot of leverage when we drive volumes or even at current volumes there is room to move? Any comments on that would be helpful.
Joey Jacobs: Sure, I can think of three areas: We have rolled out a formulary drug formulary for the whole company and we have established a corporate pharmacy and therapeutics committee. That just got kicked off, so we do think we will be getting more rebates and better use of lower cost drugs. The second is that on the benefit side of the business normally we are in April 1 reenrollment; we pushed that up to January 1st, so that will also assist the Company. Then last if we will just fine-tune our productivity standards and expectations on the salary and wage line we will get some benefits there, so right now those three areas. We might get some more expense out of the system in the professional fee line, so we have a project going on there too. So, we have several projects going on to take expenses out of probably the five or six largest expense categories for the Company.
Kevin Fischbeck - B of A Merrill Lynch: Do you have any thoughts about margin expansion opportunity or target margins?
Joey Jacobs: We expect our margins to improve, so once again, we have not given up on the goal of having an EBITDA margin before overhead of 22%.
Operator: This concludes today’s question-and-answer session. At this time I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Jacobs for closing remarks.
Joey Jacobs:  Thanks everyone for your attendance today and all of your questions. I hope I didn’t sound frustrated about answering the charity question. It is very important to all of you and it is very important to us and it has our undivided attention. We do want to welcome the two new facilities, Prairie-St. John's and Emerald Coast to the Company, Fargo, North Dakota, and Panama City, Florida. To the CEOs, many of our CEOs did listen on in this call and I just want to thank them and their employees for the great job they are doing in keeping our patients safe and growing the business. We recently had a CEO meeting back in Nashville, probably six weeks ago, and I want everybody to keep in mind what Mike Ham reminded us of, we are PSI. So, thanks for all of your hard work.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brent Turner – Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration Joey Jacobs – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jack Polson – Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Ryan Daniels – William Blair Whit Mayo – Robert W. Baird Kevin Campbell – Avondale Partners John Ransom – Raymond James & Associates Mark Arnold – Piper Jaffray Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Securities Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital Andreas Dirnagl – Stephens Inc David Bachman – Longbow Research A.J. Rice – Soleil Securities Gary Taylor – Citigroup 
Operator:  Please standby we are about to begin. Good morning. I’m Brent Turner, Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration, for Psychiatric Solutions, and I would like to welcome you to PSI’s Conference Call for the first Quarter of 2009. Today’s call is being recorded and will be available for replay beginning today through May 15, by dialing 719-457-0820. The confirmation number for the replay is 8739453. The replay may also be accessed through May 15 at our website, which is psysolutions.com and at earnings.com. To the extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today’s call, you may also find a reconciliation of that measure to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by following the Investors link to news releases and clicking on yesterday’s news release. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among others, regarding Psychiatric Solutions expected financial performance for 2009. For this purpose, any statement made during the call that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, the words; believes, anticipates, plans, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are hereby cautioned that these statements may be affected by the important factors, among others, set forth in Psychiatric Solutions’ filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our first quarter news release, and consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. At this time, for our opening remarks, I’d like to turn the conference over to our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Joey Jacobs.
Joey Jacobs:  Thank you Brent and good morning. Thanks for being with us today. PSI produced solid results for the first quarter of 2009. Our revenue increased 6.3%, and income from continuing operations grew 11.1%. Overall, our same-facility results were inline with expectations with 3.4% growth in revenues and a same-facility EBITDA margin in excess of 20%. We continued to generate substantial cash flow from operations and we used our free cash flow to reduce debt. As you recall from our fourth quarter conference call, we indicated that our first quarter same-facility growth was likely to be in the low-single-digits. We were pleased to see the census levels improve in March above January and February. In addition our same-facility revenues reflect – reflected having one fewer day in the first quarter of last year as well as the admissions hold in Chicago. Together, these two factors had an impact of same-facility revenue and patient days totaling nearly 200 basis points. In regards to our Chicago facility, we are continuing to meet and work with the Division of Children and Family Services. Our leadership team at the facility is doing a great job of demonstrating that we are providing consistent and effective care for our patients in keeping them safe. There have been no significant incidents at Riveredge since August 2008. In fact we’ve initiated a number of excellent programs at the facility, and we believe the quality of care provided by the facility is better than ever. As we look towards the remainder of 2009, we are encouraged that the improvement in March census, has carried over thus far in April. This improvement supports our expectations, for an increase in same-facility revenue to the mid single-digit range, as does the continued addition of new beds to existing facilities. We expect same-facility EBITDA margin to benefit from improved same-facility revenue and from our continuing initiatives to enhance the contribution of each facility. As a result, we have affirmed our established guidance, which anticipates earnings growth of 17 to 21% for this year. With substantial cash flow and low maintenance capital expenditure requirements, we believe we are well positioned to continue to – we are prepared to continue to position PSI for the long-term adding new beds to capacity-constrained facilities and using free cash flow for further debt reductions. We will continue our initiatives to enhance the top and bottom line performance of each facility. And we are intensifying our focus on investment in providing our patients the highest quality of care. In closing, I’ll add that on a longer-term basis, we remain confident about our growth potential based on the strong industry dynamics and our position as the country’s leading in-patient provider. Demand continues to grow at a faster pace than supply in an industry that remains highly fragmented. Given both mental health parity and the national drive to lower healthcare costs, we believe the focus on addressing mental health issues promptly and comprehensively will only strengthen. So based on our strength today and compelling long-term industry trends, we believe we are well positioned to manage PSI for the long-term benefit of all our stakeholders. Thank you again for your time this morning, and now Jack Polson our Chief Accounting Officer will review our financial results in more detail.
Jack Polson:  Thank you, Joey and good morning. PSI’s revenue for the first quarter of 2009 was $450.4 million, up 6.3% from $423.8 million for the comparable 2008 quarter. Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders increased 9.9% to $27.8 million, while income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders per diluted share, rose 11.1% to $0.50. Our growth in revenue for the quarter was produced primarily by a 3.4% increase in same-facility revenue, which was consistent with our guidance. This increase included a 2.8% increase in revenue per patient day and a 0.5% increase in patient days. Our lower same-facility revenue growth affected same-facility EBITDA margin as did the increase in our insurance reserves. At 20.4% for the quarter the margin declined 70 basis points from 21.1% for the first quarter last year. Our consolidated adjusted EBITDA for the quarter increased 2.7% to $78.1 million. In addition to the factors mentioned, adjusted EBITDA also reflected a transition to our new Rolling Hills facility in Franklin, Tennessee, from the Nashville Rehab facility, which affected margins by approximately 40 basis points for the quarter. PSI’s net cash provided by continuing operating activities increased to $40.3 million for the latest quarter from $12.3 million for the first quarter of 2008. Capital expenditures totaled $24.7 million, primarily for the addition of new beds and maintenance costs. We applied cash and free cash flow to debt reduction, to lower total debt by $40.8 million from our debt level at year-end 2008. As a result debt-to-total capitalization improved to 50% – 58% at the end of the first quarter of 2009 from 59.6% at year-end 2008 and 62.4% at the end of the first quarter last year. Total debt to adjusted EBITDA for the quarter improved to four times from 4.3 at year-end. As a final note, we have affirmed our financial guidance for 2009 earnings from continuing operations per diluted share in a range of $2.24 to $2.32, which represents an increase of 17 to 21% compared with 2008. The company’s guidance does not include the impact from any future acquisitions. This concludes our prepared remarks this morning. Sarah, would you please open the floor for any questions? 
Question-and-Answer Section: 
Operator: Certainly (Operator Instructions). We’ll go first to Ryan Daniels, William Blair.
Ryan Daniels – William Blair:  Yeah, good morning guys. A couple quick housekeeping questions, first on the financials. I noticed the supply costs were down actually pretty nicely year-over-year even on the good revenue growth. Is there anything there unusual during the quarter or is that something we should anticipate kind of being under check for the remainder of the year?
Joey Jacobs:  I think Ryan, that was a good quarter for us. We did get a rebate check from our purchasing group that was a little bit larger than I thought we expected, than we were expecting. We have been working for over a year on drug costs and dietary costs. So January was a good month for us for supply costs, and I wouldn’t read a lot into just one month and more use historical percentages there, but I would like to see it slightly tick down as we go.
Ryan Daniels – William Blair:  Okay, that’s helpful. And then I think Jack mentioned the 40 basis points of margin pressure from the relocation of Rolling Hills. Is that something that is going to continue a little bit into the second quarter? Or is that pretty much done and we’re through that pressure?
Joey Jacobs:  The Rolling Hills/Nashville Rehab project, we brought that hospital online in the middle of January. That project during the first quarter lost $1.6 million.
Ryan Daniels – William Blair:  Okay.
Joey Jacobs:  We expect that to breakeven during the second quarter. It still will put some margin pressure; it’s still going to be below the company’s margin.
Ryan Daniels – William Blair:  Okay.
Joey Jacobs:  But, the first goal is to get it to breakeven, and we think that’s going to happen. Right now the Rolling Hills hospital is at 50% occupancy, and we’ve been open about 90 days. So of the 80 beds we’ve got – already got 40 of those beds full. So, we’re pleased with where it’s at. So, but it did put pressure on our margins.
Ryan Daniels – William Blair:  Right. And then the cash flow, my last financial question looks very strong in the first quarter. I know that’s typically a weaker quarter. It looks like good working capital management, but anything else there that was unique to drive that so far above net income during the period?
Joey Jacobs:  Not really, Ryan. It’s obviously our working capital was the real big difference, the working capital management. Coming off of 2008 a little bit of difference would have been first quarter; we typically pay our performance-based cash, incentive cash bonuses. And obviously with our lower performance in 2008 that outflow was less in our first quarter of 2009.
Ryan Daniels – William Blair:  Okay. That makes sense. Then maybe a couple of bigger ones and I’ll hop back in the queue. I know you guys have talked about previously some states maybe tightening utilization a little bit, especially on the RTC sides and shifting settings in it. We’ve heard at least anecdotally that with the stimulus some of that has lessened and I’m curious if you have seen that, and if maybe that’s one of the drivers behind improving census in March and April, after the stimulus was passed and the states got those funds?
Brent Turner:  Ryan, what I can give you is that, if you take February the 29 out of the first quarter, for ‘08, and look at the growth over the same period of time, the same number of days, our acute volume was up 2.5% and our residential volume was up 0.6. So both were in positive territory and so, you get back to one that way it’s down to 1.6 growth, 6% growth in patient days and that’s the 0.5 that we reported, plus the 110 basis points for the leap year day. So, we had good growth in the first quarter. Really March was strong for us, but both areas of our business had growth in the business. We do believe the stimulus money has helped. We know it’s helped all the states’ Medicaid budgets. So, we see it in those stats; so we were positive across the board on increase in service.
Ryan Daniels – William Blair:  Okay, that’s really helpful data, and then last question and I’ll hop off. Just in regards to Q2, if we think about it, obviously it’s still a difficult year to comp. I know Easter shifted into Q2 so, we should we be thinking of that as maybe the lower level of the remaining quarters on a same store basis. Is that a fair assumption given the Easter shift and the one more quarter headwind from Riveredge that we should see that lower and then maybe rebounding a bit back half of the year?
Joey Jacobs:  Absolutely, Easter was in April and the Riveredge comp gets better in the third quarter. But as we’ve said in our press release even though April, Easter was in April. We’ve had, we’ve got great census numbers for April and similar to March’s trend so we’re pleased with the census demand for the services in April, but you’re right on both assumptions. Easter was in April and Riveredge will comp better in the third quarter.
Ryan Daniels – William Blair:  Okay, maybe a little more, a little more pressure but still down at mid single-digits?
Joey Jacobs: Yes.
Ryan Daniels – William Blair: Great thanks a lot, nice quarter guys.
Joey Jacobs: Thanks.
Operator: Next from Robert W. Baird, we’ll hear from Whit Mayo.
Whit Mayo – Robert W. Baird: Thanks, good morning. Joey, I just wanted to get your update on the Joint Commission’s Core Measure scores. We’ve heard the pilot testing has ended, but do you have an update as to the timing of when the National Quality Forum may actually endorse those measures? Is there any word on milestones we should be aware of at this point, and do you have a sense for how many providers will participate?
Joey Jacobs:  First I think they will reach agreement in the second quarter on the core measurements. And then it will be, Joint Commission will need to ramp up to roll them out. So I personally don’t see anything happening before October 1 from Joint Commission, when they would release the data on core measures. Now quite frankly, it’s across all the industry so everybody would be reporting the seven core measurements out, and we had 13 facilities that worked on the pilot project. And we have for, since January 1 of this year, we have been very aggressive in our communication and education in looking at those scores for the whole company; and if you were to visit at one of our facilities you would come across the seven core measurements posted prominently on a display and what the scores are and how they’re doing and how they’re trending so, but you will not – we will not see it publically I think the earliest would be October 1. It could actually slip to January 1. We’ll just have to wait see. I think all that’s fluid, but it still needs to be blessed by the NQF.
Whit Mayo – Robert W. Baird:  Do you have a sense of how many providers will participate, when we see the aggregate scoring I’m just trying to get an idea of how many providers?
Joey Jacobs:  I think – now this is just me, I don’t know the actual number. I’ve got a feeling more than 250 are going to be in the database. 
Whit Mayo – Robert W. Baird: Okay, and if I recall there were only 39 hospitals that participated in the pilot, and you had, how many 13?
Joey Jacobs:  13.
Whit Mayo – Robert W. Baird:  That’s well over 30%, okay.
Joey Jacobs:  So, we’re 20% of the industry. We are the leaders so; obviously we wanted to take to a more active role in this process. So...
Whit Mayo – Robert W. Baird:  Okay, okay, now that’s helpful and then maybe just on guidance for a second, recognizing historically the quarters tend to improve sequentially but you’re starting the year at a run rate of only $2 of earnings and from where we stand this does require some significant improvement; not that it’s unachievable. But can you just help us bridge the gap, and secondly what gives you the level of confidence at this point in time?
Jack Polson:  Okay the first is please note that the Rolling Hills/Nashville Rehab project rose from a $1.6 million to breakeven in the quarter. From the first quarter to the second quarter in comparisons. The biggest drivers is going to be revenue. It appears that we’re going to have 81 more, 8,100 more patient days as compared to the first quarter sequentially. And the way I get to that number is I take the average daily census for the first quarter, and it was 7,650, and it appears that in April, we’re going to average about 7,920 to 7,930. And that’s 270 patients a day more than the first quarter. And if you’ll multiply that by the 30 days in the month of April. And you get somewhere over 8,000, 8,100. You get, so we are projecting that sequentially for April we’re going to have 8,000 to 8,200 more patient days as compared to the first quarter average. So if we could keep that trend through May and June you can do the math on the revenues. The revenues sequentially would be growing nicely from the second quarter to the third quarter. And now what gives me comfort is that a third of the quarter is already over with. We have a good visibility on April so there is only 62 days left in this quarter. So that helps me there. There are some cost reductions that I think, are going to be occurring in the second quarter; so we’ll be picking up some basis points there. I do expect the EBITDA margin to come back and exceed 21% for the second quarter. So, that should be enough. We, I think, on data points using through April 30, that gives us comfort to reaffirm the guidance. And what we’re seeing and with the new beds, we built 80 new beds in the first quarter; 74 of those were acute and six of those were RTCs. So we had 80 beds come online in the first quarter. We’ve got 151 beds coming online in the second quarter; 136 of those beds are acute beds with 15 being RTC beds. And the biggest project of those 151 beds is already online. That’s a California facility that we’ve got online. So, we feel good about the beds that we built in January and the beds – I meant the first quarter and the beds that we’re building in the second quarter. So that plus the factors I’ve previously given you; we’ve got our fingers crossed. There are 62 more days to go to the second quarter, but as of today, that’s how we see the second quarter.
Whit Mayo – Robert W. Baird: All right.
Jack Polson:  And you can work through your model, and I think you’ll see that earnings per share growth, grows nicely for the second quarter. I’m not giving you all the positives that are in our model, but I’ve given you lot of things, a lot of the assumptions that we are using.
Whit Mayo – Robert W. Baird:  I appreciate all the details. That’s the best explanation I’ve heard. I’ll go ahead and jump back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Kevin Campbell, Avondale Partners.
Kevin Campbell – Avondale Partners:  Thanks. Just to follow up on that last question, you had mentioned some cost reductions. Is there anything more specific you can provide as it relates to that or is it just going to be more along the dietary and drug costs or is there something else that you’re doing?
Jack Polson:  I think we’re going to see cost reductions in some of the larger areas too, so, which are other expense, professional fee expense, and salaries and wages. Just by the sheer fact that we’re growing the patients days, we will become more productive. And so, I think there was some cost in this. We did not in January, we did not adjust the core staffing of our facilities, just because of the census was weak there in the first part of January and first part of February. And so, and I’m glad we didn’t because the census came back strong in March and is strong in April. So, you’ll see improvements, should see improvements as a percent of net revenue in most of those expense areas.
Kevin Campbell – Avondale Partners:  Okay, could you comment too, on the Residential Treatment Center side of the business. I guess one of your competitors had mentioned yesterday on their call that they’re seeing some pressures on utilization there, average length of stay, et cetera. Have you witnessed that at all, and I know that your average length of stay came down sequentially in, was that a result of that or was it just more mix shift towards more acute, et cetera as it has been in the past?
Joey Jacobs:  Well, obviously, if you remember, if you adjust for February 29 out of the numbers, acute grew 2.5 and obviously that has a length of stay of 10 days, and residential patient days grew 0.6. So that’s what made our total length of stay come down. There was just small movement in the length of stay downward, but nothing, nothing that I would build as a trend, or anything significant. It was more of a mix issue for the company. 
Brent Turner:  And Kevin this is Brent. We – when you look at our RTC census, we’ve actually increased census on the RTC side every month through April this year. So while the first of the year started out very slow as we indicated, it has improved each month since then.
Kevin Campbell – Avondale Partners:  Great. Could you also comment on pricing? It was basically flat sequentially, which was a little unusual, was there any driver there?
Joey Jacobs: 50 basis points came to us from the phase out of PPS. So the total number was impacted 50 basis points by PPS. We’re phased in now. So that would have been a half a point there. We’ve seen nothing. We see the stimulus bill helping all the states’ Medicaid budgets. And the states have still been pretty quiet about what they are going to do with rate increases for Medicaid and for the psych services. So, we are already fixed until July 1 for those services. So, we’ve got our fingers crossed here. We do expect Medicare to give us a 3% cost of living increase July 1. So, that’s our expectations there. So, a little mix, a little intensity among the payers in the first quarter. The 50 basis points from impact of being phased into PPS. So, we’ll just wait and see how that trends in the second quarter. So, but we’ve not heard anything significant on reductions and reimbursement in any of our states.
Kevin Campbell – Avondale Partners:  Okay. And last question could you comment on the Riveredge Hospital and maybe your efforts to diversify your referral base? And how that’s been effective or not?
Joey Jacobs:  Well it’s a beginning process. We are remodeling, the facility we were putting several million dollars into remodeling and updating the facility while the census has been down. I’m pleased to know that our Intensive Treatment Unit came back online yesterday 12 beds, that we had down for renovations. We run slightly over a 100 patient days there at Riveredge, and the care is very good. Carey Carlock and her team are doing a wonderful job there. And we’re telling our story to the Division of Children and Family Services there, and so we’re working through that process, but we do, this time next year we do think we will have more adult patients there than we had in 2009.
Kevin Campbell – Avondale Partners:  Okay. Thank you very much
Operator: And from Raymond James, we’ll hear from John Ransom.
John Ransom :  Hi, good morning. Can you give us an update on United, that acquisition?
Raymond James:  Hi, good morning. Can you give us an update on United, that acquisition?
Joey Jacobs: United Medical?
John Ransom : Yeah
Raymond James: Yeah
Joey Jacobs: Those five facilities, the Kentucky facilities are doing fantastic. We are actually expanding the facility at Dupont. We just got an approval to build 20 beds there. And we’ll be bringing those 20 beds online by the end of the year. So, Kentucky is doing extremely well. The Ocala facility was a startup out of that group in Ocala, and it’s doing, it is ramping up and it can do better, but it’s ramping up and we are very pleased with how things are going there. Our Wekiva facility is going to a transition to more acute beds there. And we have big hopes for that. Our Jacksonville facilities has been a little disappointing, but we’ve got plans and actions there. So overall the UMC transaction, we’re absolutely pleased with those five facilities that we bought this time last year, and I expect great things to continue and more expansions for those facilities.
John Ransom :  Okay thanks. And secondly, I know you’ve had a number, you had, what, 13 of your hospitals in this core measure pilot for a year. Have you found that just the process of posting these measurements and reinforcing that, has that caused an actual change in the quality, in how these measurements are achieved? I’m not asking this question very well, but just about the fact that you’re measuring and then publicizing it. Does just that very fact, does it cause the needle to move measurably in terms of the quality scores?
Raymond James:  Okay thanks. And secondly, I know you’ve had a number, you had, what, 13 of your hospitals in this core measure pilot for a year. Have you found that just the process of posting these measurements and reinforcing that, has that caused an actual change in the quality, in how these measurements are achieved? I’m not asking this question very well, but just about the fact that you’re measuring and then publicizing it. Does just that very fact, does it cause the needle to move measurably in terms of the quality scores?
Joey Jacobs:  John absolutely, any time you take seven specific core measurements and start posting them and putting the score in there every month and putting a goal there for them every month. And then we’re displaying them in the most visible place in the hospital for our employees, usually their break rooms or where they check in or where their information boards are at. So if they see them, the board is like a four by six board that’s on the wall that has these scores. And so absolutely, that by itself brings a lot of attention to those areas. Now, there is some debate about the seven core measurements, do they actually raise quality or is it just gathering of information. I think over time it will raise quality. It does, absolutely, do a better job of documentation of what’s happening with the patient. So, yes to all of your questions, but it’s a beginning process and we’ve been tracking and posting ours since January. We did not do any posting or tracking during the pilot days, but starting January of this year we have started tracking and posting. As you know, if you’ll measure it, it gets attention and so, and in the end it will be better quality for our patients.
John Ransom :  And I guess, this is probably not an easy question or maybe it’s unanswerable, but when you talk to, if you get sideways with a state, over a facility with a patient, do you think over time the debate will migrate into a more global quality discussion? Or is it still going to be kind of a highly charged politically driven focus on patients, specific patient incidents. Do you think the state is going to start buying into this stuff or are they just going to see it as well this is just a nice way to try to put a gloss on something, but we’re still going to focus on this patient or that patient and media counts and that sort of things?
Raymond James:  And I guess, this is probably not an easy question or maybe it’s unanswerable, but when you talk to, if you get sideways with a state, over a facility with a patient, do you think over time the debate will migrate into a more global quality discussion? Or is it still going to be kind of a highly charged politically driven focus on patients, specific patient incidents. Do you think the state is going to start buying into this stuff or are they just going to see it as well this is just a nice way to try to put a gloss on something, but we’re still going to focus on this patient or that patient and media counts and that sort of things?
Joey Jacobs:  I think the – because Joint Commission and the National Quality Forum are behind this effort, it brings legitimacy to it. It will never replace the responsibility of the local and state agencies to investigate incidents, and unfortunately we will always be incident driven. You could have the best core measurement scores and then have a incident, and they have the responsibility of making, tracking that incident. And obviously it helps if the documentation is better and whatever, but it would not take away their responsibility to investigate incidents. So, but five years from now, it may be different.
John Ransom : And I guess the last question I have on this is, have you, they always say it’s not the crime so to so speak, it’s the cover up. Have you learned anything when you’ve had an incident? Has there been any internal learning to try to maybe overkill the response to it on the front-end versus, I guess, that the report that came out gave this solution – gave this perception that maybe, you guys weren’t as responsible on the front end of these things. Has there has been any change to respond to these that might allay some of the fears they get bubbled up at the state level.
Raymond James: And I guess the last question I have on this is, have you, they always say it’s not the crime so to so speak, it’s the cover up. Have you learned anything when you’ve had an incident? Has there been any internal learning to try to maybe overkill the response to it on the front-end versus, I guess, that the report that came out gave this solution – gave this perception that maybe, you guys weren’t as responsible on the front end of these things. Has there has been any change to respond to these that might allay some of the fears they get bubbled up at the state level.
Joey Jacobs:  John, I think we are very proactive in providing a safe environment. We have mock surveys going on. We have environmental specialists going to the facilities. We have nurse specialists going through the facilities. All of our CEOs take it very serious. However when an incident does occur, we do marshal additional resources to investigate the incident and to take any correction actions that may happen. So, just like in any business, if you have an incident or something like that, you do marshal extra resources. Now, can you – is that a negative? I don’t think so. But some people may think it’s a negative, but I don’t think so. Some anecdotal evidence of the quality our facilities, we’re providing. This is from one of our facilities in the Northeast. We were told that Aetna was coming out to do a presentation on June the 2. But apparently we were ill-advised. They showed up this morning; this is April 21. A team of people with the General Manager gathered our management team, and we met for about 90 minutes. They conveyed to us that they decided to start doing this recognition, because they just couldn’t believe the improvement in compliance scores we were attaining and how far ahead of the pack they were. We’ll be 30% ahead of the other 27 hospitals, that this Aetna program looks at, we were number one. And they came out unexpectedly to reward this facility for the great job and quality of care that it does. So, we get those kinds of things, all the time and I would encourage again everybody to go to our website. If you’ll click on quality, it will take you to seven more sites of PSI where you can go in and check in on our accreditation scores, recent achievements, testimonial from our patients, and from – we just won a recognition award this week from Nellis Air Force Base in Las Vegas, about the support and care that our facility is giving to the troops. So, I would encourage all of you all, to go there and check in on the positive things that we are doing there. Our online education, university goes live May 30 in the pilot form. And May 30 of next year, we will have all of our 23,000 employees being able to go online, for education and training for the company. So, there is a lot of things that we do proactively that sometimes don’t get recognized. But this was our facility, actually the facility is based in Philadelphia, and we are very pleased with that. And also if you’ll go click on recent achievements or whatever, you’ll find out that we do a Behavioral Education School in Brevard County in Florida. And they recently awarded us a five year contract, and we beat out two other companies that are based in the Philadelphia area for that service. Once again, we have lots of positives; but unfortunately, we do have incidents. And we do, we are committed to keeping the patients safe, and we do marshal the resources to implement quick action, if needed.
John Ransom :  Right, well and then my last question. I know you’re talking about a mid-single digit same-store number. Is that a structural change in your view? Or is that a 2009 change because of some of the unique things happening this year? Do you think it’s a seven to nine over the intermediate term or do you think it’s 5% now?
Raymond James:  Right, well and then my last question. I know you’re talking about a mid-single digit same-store number. Is that a structural change in your view? Or is that a 2009 change because of some of the unique things happening this year? Do you think it’s a seven to nine over the intermediate term or do you think it’s 5% now?
Joey Jacobs:  Now, John you’re asking the most optimistic person in the world. I think, our second quarter is shaping up to be a good quarter. And all of our facilities will be in the same-store in the second quarter.
John Ransom :  Right.
Raymond James:  Right.
Joey Jacobs:  So, with the patient day growth, once again we’re only a third of the way into the quarter. But with our patient day growth so far, could that be some day us being in the seven to 9% ranges again? I don’t know if we’ll publicly set that goal, but I can see us achieving seven to 9% revenue growth some time in the future.
John Ransom :  And what has been the – those were great numbers you gave out. I think the market loves the more transparency. What do you think has been the biggest census driver? I mean that’s a big, over 200 patients in your facilities. I know you talked about specialty RTC weakness in early March, but what has been the biggest reversal, over the past six weeks in your census?
Raymond James:  And what has been the – those were great numbers you gave out. I think the market loves the more transparency. What do you think has been the biggest census driver? I mean that’s a big, over 200 patients in your facilities. I know you talked about specialty RTC weakness in early March, but what has been the biggest reversal, over the past six weeks in your census?
Joey Jacobs: Well, I think, it started in the middle of February I guess.
John Ransom :  Okay.
Raymond James:  Okay.
Joey Jacobs:  The biggest thing is we’ve had a lot of beds come online, and we built those beds to meet to the demand. And one of our Chief Operating Officers took on the special project of growing the RTC business.
John Ransom :  Okay.
Raymond James:  Okay.
Joey Jacobs:  And I think we’ve done an excellent job, on doing a better job telling our story to the referral sources that might be using the RTC business. So it’s a combination of all those things. It’s a combination of Brooke Glen being the best provider in the Aetna Network. That will get you more referrals.
John Ransom : Okay. Well, thanks for all the detail, Joey.
Raymond James: Okay. Well, thanks for all the detail, Joey.
Joey Jacobs:  Thanks.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Kevin Campbell, Avondale Partners.
Kevin Campbell – Avondale Partners :  Hi, I just wanted to follow up on the sequential improvement in earnings and not really as it relates to what you expect this quarter, but can you just remind us, I look back historically from ‘04 to ‘08, there almost is always a pretty big improvement from the first to the second quarter anywhere from three to $0.06. What has been the key driver for that historically?
Joey Jacobs:  Well I think it’s always been patient days. I think we’ve always run a higher occupancy probably in the second quarter, as compared to the first quarter. Once again, as you all know, holidays and how we come out of the holidays is important to us and, but however unusual to this year, Easter was in April. And we blew through that pretty good with demand for the services?
Kevin Campbell – Avondale Partners:  Okay, and then one last question. Just real quick on your, floating rate debt, what – are you paying one month LIBOR right now? And what’s the margin currently in as you pay down debt, where do you think it will go throughout the year?
Jack Polson:  Sure, yeah we are paying one month LIBOR on our floating rate debt. The revolver is at 520, 5.25% over that LIBOR, and then the term loan is 1.75% over the 30-day LIBOR. So as we pay down debt obviously we will pay down the revolver piece, and that’s at the 525 over. So, currently our mix of fixed to floating debt is about right at about 60% or so because that, as we, as you know we swapped a little bit of the term debt two years ago.
Kevin Campbell – Avondale Partners:  Okay, thank you.
Operator: And from Piper Jaffray, Mark Arnold.
Mark Arnold :  Good morning, just a couple. Most of my questions here have been answered, but your revenue per treatment was a little bit, revenue per patient day was a little bit lower in the quarter than I was expecting. And, it sounds like the acute side grew a little faster than the RTC side. So, is there anything going on there? Can you talk at all, maybe about trends in your outpatient volumes, anything with mix or anything there that would help explain the flat sequential revenue per patient day?
Piper Jaffray:  Good morning, just a couple. Most of my questions here have been answered, but your revenue per treatment was a little bit, revenue per patient day was a little bit lower in the quarter than I was expecting. And, it sounds like the acute side grew a little faster than the RTC side. So, is there anything going on there? Can you talk at all, maybe about trends in your outpatient volumes, anything with mix or anything there that would help explain the flat sequential revenue per patient day?
Joey Jacobs:  Okay the first quarter was impacted 50 basis points, because we are now fully phased in for PPS. So, that impact of not getting an annual increase January 1 for our PPS facilities caused a 50% basis, decrease for us here. It is, from what we have studied, it was just mix across the facilities that impacted the number in the first quarter a little softer than we thought. We’ve not seen any major payer decreases at all. And so that’s how we saw the first quarter, and that’s how we researched it and – but the biggest impact there was the 50 basis points from no longer phasing in PPS.
Mark Arnold : Okay. But on a sequential basis, forget about the pricing increase growth just, I think you were at 585 versus 587, I think in Q4. When you say mix, are you talking about acuity of patients, not mix between the acute and RTC side of the business?
Piper Jaffray: Okay. But on a sequential basis, forget about the pricing increase growth just, I think you were at 585 versus 587, I think in Q4. When you say mix, are you talking about acuity of patients, not mix between the acute and RTC side of the business?
Joey Jacobs:  Acuity of patients does not drive revenue for us. They’re all per diems, so you don’t get extra money if the patient is more sick.
Mark Arnold : Okay.
Piper Jaffray: Okay.
Joey Jacobs:  So this is basically the mix in the acute versus RTC or it might be, we’ve had more, we may have had more acute patients at, for example, this is an example $600 a day during the quarter than we were accustomed to having at $700 a day. That for some reason, there was some shift there so it’s a mix inside the acute.
Mark Arnold :  Okay, Okay the payer mix?
Piper Jaffray:  Okay, Okay the payer mix?
Joey Jacobs:  Yes.
Mark Arnold :  Okay. And then just the other part of that question, can you talk at all about, in the facilities where you provide outpatient services any trends in outpatient volumes and are you seeing, maybe a shift toward or payers pushing patients toward more outpatient services versus inpatient admission?
Piper Jaffray:  Okay. And then just the other part of that question, can you talk at all about, in the facilities where you provide outpatient services any trends in outpatient volumes and are you seeing, maybe a shift toward or payers pushing patients toward more outpatient services versus inpatient admission?
Joey Jacobs:  Outpatient business for us is important, but it’s much smaller. The outpatient business was up mid-single digits for the first quarter, but it’s a very small number.
Mark Arnold :  Okay.
Piper Jaffray:  Okay.
Joey Jacobs:  For the company. Okay?
Mark Arnold :  Okay. Just a couple final ones here, your EPS guidance, does it assume any additional debt pay downs throughout the rest of the year?
Piper Jaffray:  Okay. Just a couple final ones here, your EPS guidance, does it assume any additional debt pay downs throughout the rest of the year?
Joey Jacobs: Sure, it has a little bit of the revolver pay down as evidenced by just our free cash flow.
Mark Arnold :  Okay. And then one final one. You mentioned one big facility, or bringing on a significant number of beds in California here that’s already opened in Q2. Does that have any drag or opening or expanding significantly at a facility, does that have any drag on say your Q1 results in that facility?
Piper Jaffray:  Okay. And then one final one. You mentioned one big facility, or bringing on a significant number of beds in California here that’s already opened in Q2. Does that have any drag or opening or expanding significantly at a facility, does that have any drag on say your Q1 results in that facility?
Joey Jacobs:  It didn’t have – this one did not at all, this was our Canyon Ridge facility where we basically doubled the size of the facility. And I don’t think their earnings were hurt in the first quarter, because they were getting ready for this expansion to open up in the second quarter. The reason being that there was not a lot of construction in the ancillary services. The dietary was already big enough to handle the foodservice for these extra beds. So, I did not see that for Canyon Ridge or did not see that in the numbers. If it was, it was minor.
Mark Arnold :  Great. Thank you, nice quarter.
Piper Jaffray:  Great. Thank you, nice quarter.
Joey Jacobs: Thanks.
Operator: And next we’ll hear from Deutsche Bank’s Darren Lehrich.
Darren Lehrich :  Thanks, good morning everyone. Just one housekeeping question before a few others. What is in the discontinued ops at this point? Just wanted to clarify if any facilities moved into that bucket this quarter, if you can just clarify what’s in there?
Deutsche Bank:  Thanks, good morning everyone. Just one housekeeping question before a few others. What is in the discontinued ops at this point? Just wanted to clarify if any facilities moved into that bucket this quarter, if you can just clarify what’s in there?
Jack Polson:  It is the Eltec facility in San Antonio, Texas. And it’s been there since July of last year. And hopefully in the second quarter, we may have it sold.
Darren Lehrich :  Okay, so nothing new in that bucket, great.
Deutsche Bank:  Okay, so nothing new in that bucket, great.
Jack Polson:  No.
Darren Lehrich :  And then, Brent, sorry if I have missed this, what is the notional amount of your swap in dollar terms at this point?
Deutsche Bank:  And then, Brent, sorry if I have missed this, what is the notional amount of your swap in dollar terms at this point?
Brent Turner:  Sure, it’s $225 million.
Darren Lehrich :  Okay, so that’s unchanged.
Deutsche Bank:  Okay, so that’s unchanged.
Brent Turner:  Correct.
Darren Lehrich :  And does any of that roll in the coming quarters?
Deutsche Bank:  And does any of that roll in the coming quarters?
Brent Turner: No, that swap would mature at November 30 of this year.
Darren Lehrich :  Great. Okay and then, I guess, I wanted to just ask you, Joey, just to get your thoughts on if there is any updated CapEx guidance you could provide to us. I’m just trying to get a sense for where that money trends since it doesn’t sound like you’re building any de novo’s this year. Although it sounds like you’ve got this bigger project in California.
Deutsche Bank:  Great. Okay and then, I guess, I wanted to just ask you, Joey, just to get your thoughts on if there is any updated CapEx guidance you could provide to us. I’m just trying to get a sense for where that money trends since it doesn’t sound like you’re building any de novo’s this year. Although it sounds like you’ve got this bigger project in California.
Joey Jacobs:  Our initial guidance on CapEx stays the same.
Brent Turner:  Just reviewing the details?
Joey Jacobs:  Between the combination of maintenance and growth capital we’re still in the 120 range, $120 to $140 million for the year as far as our outlook there.
Darren Lehrich :  Okay, and then Joey, maybe could you just maybe comment a little bit more on how you’re capitalizing some of these projects in terms of cost per bed that you’re adding. I guess I’m aware of the project in New Jersey that’s been in the local press that’s essentially a rebuild. So, I’m just wondering if there are more projects like that and therefore they’re more costly on a per bed basis, in terms of the bed additions that you have going forward?
Deutsche Bank:  Okay, and then Joey, maybe could you just maybe comment a little bit more on how you’re capitalizing some of these projects in terms of cost per bed that you’re adding. I guess I’m aware of the project in New Jersey that’s been in the local press that’s essentially a rebuild. So, I’m just wondering if there are more projects like that and therefore they’re more costly on a per bed basis, in terms of the bed additions that you have going forward?
Joey Jacobs:  Summit is an outlier in the process, Darren. As you know it’s taken us four years or three years to get through the zoning and getting ready for that project. That project is a 2010. I’m trying to find it on the schedule. But that’s going to be – when is it, Brent?
Brent Turner:  2010.
Joey Jacobs:  That’s a 2010 project, and we’re going to be building 24 additional beds there. So, I have not – I don’t have that budget in front of me Darren, but it was, it did take a long time to get that project done, and it’ll be a little bit more expensive just because it’s in New Jersey, as you well know.
Darren Lehrich :  Sure. Okay so, but in general, what is your cost per bed to build at this point? I just want to get a sense maybe an update on that relative to where it’s been.
Deutsche Bank:  Sure. Okay so, but in general, what is your cost per bed to build at this point? I just want to get a sense maybe an update on that relative to where it’s been.
Joey Jacobs:  It’s going to be somewhere, Darren, it’s going to somewhere between the 200 to $250,000 a bed. I’m just – and that’s just going back through my memory right now. It can be much less if we’re just building a new wing, but if it’s a tough construction state, it could be 200,000 a bed, 250. We built Rolling Hills for 250, 275, but that was a replacement hospital. Everything else will be less than that.
Darren Lehrich :  Okay fair enough. I appreciate all the detail here. Thanks again.
Deutsche Bank:  Okay fair enough. I appreciate all the detail here. Thanks again.
Joey Jacobs:  Hey Darren, before you leave, we’ve got two new numbers for you.
Darren Lehrich :  What’s that?
Deutsche Bank:  What’s that?
Joey Jacobs:  Licensed beds, licensed beds.
Darren Lehrich :  Well, I was going to take that off line, but I’m happy to take it now.
Deutsche Bank:  Well, I was going to take that off line, but I’m happy to take it now.
Joey Jacobs:  In the spirit of more disclosure, we’ve got them for everybody. Licensed beds for the quarter ending date 3/31, it’s 10,733; and operated beds 10,278.
Darren Lehrich :  Okay so, now that you gave that out.
Deutsche Bank:  Okay so, now that you gave that out.
Joey Jacobs:  No questions, no questions you just get the data.
Darren Lehrich :  The question is how should we think about that relationship between licensed and staff beds over the course of this year? So you said 150 new beds in the second quarter roughly, are those net licensed beds or are those bed beds?
Deutsche Bank:  The question is how should we think about that relationship between licensed and staff beds over the course of this year? So you said 150 new beds in the second quarter roughly, are those net licensed beds or are those bed beds?
Joey Jacobs:  Those beds would not be in these number yet, Darren.
Brent Turner:  That’s the other thing, as we give you the construction and the estimated beds going forward they will layer into both of those numbers sequentially in the same quarter. And we’ll give them to you every quarter going forward.
Darren Lehrich :  Okay great, appreciate the detail.
Deutsche Bank:  Okay great, appreciate the detail.
Joey Jacobs:  Thank you, Darren.
Operator: And next we’ll hear from Adam Feinstein with Barclays Capital.
Adam Feinstein :  All right, thank you, good morning everyone.
Barclays Capital:  All right, thank you, good morning everyone.
Joey Jacobs:  Hi Adam.
Adam Feinstein :  Just a few things here, maybe just a couple of small housekeeping things to start. Last quarter you talked about liability costs ticking up and you had that catch up charge. So, I just wanted to get a quick update in terms of your liability costs for you at the quarter?
Barclays Capital:  Just a few things here, maybe just a couple of small housekeeping things to start. Last quarter you talked about liability costs ticking up and you had that catch up charge. So, I just wanted to get a quick update in terms of your liability costs for you at the quarter?
Brent Turner:  We think it’s good for the quarter. We think we are well reserved for the quarter. And we had the actuarial service come in, take a quick look at it. We feel good with what we expensed in the first quarter.
Adam Feinstein :  And just can you help me just understand. So, did it increase a lot in the first quarter relative to last year?
Barclays Capital:  And just can you help me just understand. So, did it increase a lot in the first quarter relative to last year?
Brent Turner:  No it was what we had projected and budgeted. There was no unusual adjustments.
Adam Feinstein :  No I understand unusual. But was your budget for that number to increase this year...
Barclays Capital:  No I understand unusual. But was your budget for that number to increase this year...
Brent Turner: Sure, sure there is a small increase into that number, Darren.
Adam Feinstein :  Okay.
Barclays Capital:  Okay.
Brent Turner:  I mean Adam. And the actuaries actually thought we were – it’s only one quarter. It’s only one quarter, but we were very conservatively reserved there, but it was what we had budgeted there, which was an increase.
Jack Polson:  Adam, you should compare that to the full year 2008.
Brent Turner:  Yeah.
Adam Feinstein :  Okay, great. Okay and then just a couple of other small questions here. Just on the interest expense, I know there’s been a few questions about the LIBOR rates and such, but how should we think about a quarterly number. You guys completed the refinancing, towards the end of February. So, as we think about this kind of quarterly interest expense, is there a certain range that we should we think about Brent.
Barclays Capital:  Okay, great. Okay and then just a couple of other small questions here. Just on the interest expense, I know there’s been a few questions about the LIBOR rates and such, but how should we think about a quarterly number. You guys completed the refinancing, towards the end of February. So, as we think about this kind of quarterly interest expense, is there a certain range that we should we think about Brent.
Brent Turner:  Sure, I would expect there’d be about $19 million of interest expense for the second quarter, which is a slight uptick from the first quarter, but remember we only restructured the revolver and repriced it at the – we only saw that one month in the first quarter. So, when you work through that, that increased spread on the revolver. I think around just inside of $19 million would be our interest expense for the second quarter.
Adam Feinstein :  Great okay, and then just you broke out in terms of the impact of Riveredge on same-store revenues, but just curious as we think about the impact on margins in the quarter. Could you help us think about, what margins would have looked like, ex that? So, just trying to get a better sense in terms of what EBITDA margin. If you can’t give a specific number, can you just help us think about some sort of a range?
Barclays Capital:  Great okay, and then just you broke out in terms of the impact of Riveredge on same-store revenues, but just curious as we think about the impact on margins in the quarter. Could you help us think about, what margins would have looked like, ex that? So, just trying to get a better sense in terms of what EBITDA margin. If you can’t give a specific number, can you just help us think about some sort of a range?
Joey Jacobs:  It was a drag, but not significant.
Adam Feinstein :  Okay.
Barclays Capital:  Okay.
Joey Jacobs:  I can’t give a number there Adam.
Adam Feinstein :  Okay.
Barclays Capital:  Okay.
Joey Jacobs:  I don’t have a number in front of me. And I don’t know if I would give it, if I had it.
Adam Feinstein :  Sure, I understand. I had to ask. So, and then just with respect to Riveredge as well, it sounded like you’ve been very proactive in the last couple of months in trying to get things fixed there. I was just curious; the UIC report came out at the beginning of April. So, I was just curious, if there was any I guess impact on the facility, from that so have the trends there been stable so, I realize they’re still down, and impacted results by 70 basis points. You mentioned April was a good month for the company in the aggregate. I was just curious if the trends at Riveredge have been stable, especially since the UIC report came out.
Barclays Capital:  Sure, I understand. I had to ask. So, and then just with respect to Riveredge as well, it sounded like you’ve been very proactive in the last couple of months in trying to get things fixed there. I was just curious; the UIC report came out at the beginning of April. So, I was just curious, if there was any I guess impact on the facility, from that so have the trends there been stable so, I realize they’re still down, and impacted results by 70 basis points. You mentioned April was a good month for the company in the aggregate. I was just curious if the trends at Riveredge have been stable, especially since the UIC report came out.
Joey Jacobs:  They have been stable, and we’re very appreciative of the UIC report and we have taken that document and reviewed it and we’ve had a couple of meetings with the DCFS and their folks. So, before we could have additional meetings we really needed to get that report out. It’s out. And so we’re using it as a discussion document and our folks are meeting and discussing with DCFS, just about on a weekly basis there. And demonstrating and showing to them the great job the team at Riveredge is doing and so it was a milestone that we had to get past. Adam and the census is still, it was 100 patients a day before the report and it’s 100 days patients a day after the report.
Adam Feinstein :  Okay, great and then just another question here in terms of the RTC business and you spoke a little bit about that and Brent you made a comment that each month it’s gotten better since the start of the year. And back to your previous comment about more disclosure, just curious in terms of the RTC business, the growth I guess that we know how the overall company grew same store, but the RTC same store growth be significantly different from the overall average or pretty similar. I’m just trying to get a better sense just because you guys did call that out as being more impacted by the economy than the acute business, so just curious in terms of as when we think about growth rates?
Barclays Capital:  Okay, great and then just another question here in terms of the RTC business and you spoke a little bit about that and Brent you made a comment that each month it’s gotten better since the start of the year. And back to your previous comment about more disclosure, just curious in terms of the RTC business, the growth I guess that we know how the overall company grew same store, but the RTC same store growth be significantly different from the overall average or pretty similar. I’m just trying to get a better sense just because you guys did call that out as being more impacted by the economy than the acute business, so just curious in terms of as when we think about growth rates?
Joey Jacobs:  As we look at the first quarter Adam, it was 2.5% for the acute and 0.6 for the RTC. Obviously, building of the acute beds is helping that number. We did not build, and we are not building as many RTC numbers. So, that fact alone will not let RTC grow as fast as the acute business. Because we’ve just not expanded beds there like we have on the acute side. So, the math will not let the RTC grow at similar rates as the acute business.
Adam Feinstein :  I see.
Barclays Capital:  I see.
Jack Polson:  And Adam, those two percentage growth are adjusted out for the year 2008.
Adam Feinstein :  Adjusted, okay great. All right, thank you, very helpful.
Barclays Capital:  Adjusted, okay great. All right, thank you, very helpful.
Joey Jacobs:  Thanks Adam.
Operator:  And next we’ll hear from Andreas Dirnagl from Stephens Inc.
Andreas Dirnagl :  Yeah good morning guys. Maybe just some more additional detail on some of the things that have already been asked. Joey, on one question your answer sort of struck me as interesting where you said that acuity doesn’t matter because of the fact you are a per diem business. Maybe, we’re using the wrong terminology, but you do have differential pricing for patients depending on sort of how specialized the program is that they’re accessing, isn’t that correct?
Stephens Inc.:  Yeah good morning guys. Maybe just some more additional detail on some of the things that have already been asked. Joey, on one question your answer sort of struck me as interesting where you said that acuity doesn’t matter because of the fact you are a per diem business. Maybe, we’re using the wrong terminology, but you do have differential pricing for patients depending on sort of how specialized the program is that they’re accessing, isn’t that correct?
Joey Jacobs:  We have some of that, but it’s very minor. What I should have said instead of – the correct words were the different payer mix, inside the acute business. We have acute payers that probably pay us from 600 to $700 a day, and we had more of the 600 versus the $700 a day it looks like, in the first quarter.
Andreas Dirnagl :  Um-hmm.
Stephens Inc.:  Um-hmm.
Joey Jacobs: So, it’s inside the payer contracts that we had. It’s the payers, not the acuity. We do not get extra revenue; occasionally we can get it. But normally you do not get – a per diem is a per diem no matter how sick the patient is. And even with Medicare patients, there is a very small change in the reimbursement rate due to complications in co-morbidities, very small. We do – we’re per diem based and it’s more of an all inclusive for all illness.
Andreas Dirnagl :  So, when – when
Stephens Inc.:  So, when – when
Joey Jacobs:  No matter what the diagnosis is.
Andreas Dirnagl :  So, when you talk about – when you acquire a facility. How you bring in the specialized programs that’s in order to attract the volume of patients; in other words, you can treat those patients that program doesn’t necessarily get a higher per diem than other programs that were already in place when you bought a facility?
Stephens Inc.:  So, when you talk about – when you acquire a facility. How you bring in the specialized programs that’s in order to attract the volume of patients; in other words, you can treat those patients that program doesn’t necessarily get a higher per diem than other programs that were already in place when you bought a facility?
Joey Jacobs:  That is correct. We’re just bringing more volume to the business.
Andreas Dirnagl :  Okay, great. And then, I guess one more thing on Riveredge. Just from the point of view, you’ve talked about the fact that you’re now back in dialogue with DCFS. Lord knows no one wants you to try and put a date range on when you think something can be resolved. But in terms of how you would characterize the current dialogue, is it similar from what the dialogue you had in the past? In other words, is the viewpoint that you’re moving towards a coordinated action plan that you’re going to put in place and then DCFS, either with UIC or without will review that again and then you know a decision will be made?
Stephens Inc.:  Okay, great. And then, I guess one more thing on Riveredge. Just from the point of view, you’ve talked about the fact that you’re now back in dialogue with DCFS. Lord knows no one wants you to try and put a date range on when you think something can be resolved. But in terms of how you would characterize the current dialogue, is it similar from what the dialogue you had in the past? In other words, is the viewpoint that you’re moving towards a coordinated action plan that you’re going to put in place and then DCFS, either with UIC or without will review that again and then you know a decision will be made?
Joey Jacobs:  I would hope that would be the outcome DCS – DCFS is in our facility every week and was before the hold and is after hold. So we have a good working relationship with them even during the hold. But they had to go through their process, which the biggest part of their process, was the report and they’ve just now gotten the report. So, the amount of conversations between DCFS and Riveredge has increased. Obviously, the goal is that we would reach agreement and the hold would be lifted. And so we’re working through that process and it’s very sensitive and so, but we’re working through that and so, we’ll just keep you posted.
Andreas Dirnagl :  Okay and then finally just trying to get a little color overall on let’s call it the risk management program. If you now look back at the past couple of years, and it’s part of the business. You’ve had some incidences at certain facilities that have very much been in the press. But if you look at those facilities now in hindsight, are there certain maybe warning signs or early warning signs that you’ve now learned that hopefully you can use to look at other facilities that you have in your portfolio and maybe send in an early action team or something like that? How does that work overall?
Stephens Inc.:  Okay and then finally just trying to get a little color overall on let’s call it the risk management program. If you now look back at the past couple of years, and it’s part of the business. You’ve had some incidences at certain facilities that have very much been in the press. But if you look at those facilities now in hindsight, are there certain maybe warning signs or early warning signs that you’ve now learned that hopefully you can use to look at other facilities that you have in your portfolio and maybe send in an early action team or something like that? How does that work overall?
Joey Jacobs:  Absolutely we’re more sensitive to early indicators, absolutely. Absolutely we’re more aware; we’re more sensitive to early indicators. We’re more sensitive to making sure we have the resources in place for them, making sure that we have the right – we’re decentralized. We expect a lot of our Chief Executive Officers, and one of those responsibilities is to have a quality facility. So, we are more sensitive to the front end and to early indications of something might be occurring.
Andreas Dirnagl :  Okay great. Thank you very much.
Stephens Inc.:  Okay great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And from Longbow Research, David Bachman.
David Bachman :  Hi, good morning and thanks for squeezing me in here. Just a couple of quick questions that we haven’t touched on already or want to revisit. I just, we’ve been hearing from a few different places that there may be this secular pressure on utilization or length of stay, more as a secular trend and looking at alternatives to residential treatment. And I just want to get your take on that and if you don’t really see that as perhaps a threat on a longer term basis and if it is, how positioned are you to maybe steer the business to capture whatever those alternatives might be?
Longbow Research:  Hi, good morning and thanks for squeezing me in here. Just a couple of quick questions that we haven’t touched on already or want to revisit. I just, we’ve been hearing from a few different places that there may be this secular pressure on utilization or length of stay, more as a secular trend and looking at alternatives to residential treatment. And I just want to get your take on that and if you don’t really see that as perhaps a threat on a longer term basis and if it is, how positioned are you to maybe steer the business to capture whatever those alternatives might be?
Joey Jacobs:  Many of the patients that are in our RTC facilities today, 10 years ago would actually be in a hospital; the intensity of that patient would qualify them to be an admission in the hospital. Over time, the RTC facilities have taken on more acutely ill child and adolescents basically. Can you move them to outpatients? Yes you can. Is that a goal that everybody should have is that the patients gets well enough to move to an outpatient setting to be closer to home and to support systems? Absolutely, we’re all for that. That is a very much a long-term effort, and we have in certain states Virginia, Oklahoma, we have in certain states we have large group homes, foster homes, Puerto Rico extension of care there already. So, we at PSI has several of our facilities that are doing that. And can we do more of that? Yes. But once again, the acuity of the patient in the RTC facility today is something that would have been in a hospital 10 years ago, is a patient that would have been in a hospital 10 years ago. So it’s hard for me to visualize these people being in an outpatient setting until they improve in a residential setting first. And then once that happens, absolutely we’re all in favor of that child and adolescent going home. We hope there is a home environment for them, if not a foster home or group home or something. We’d like for them to be back in their local school, and we do have that continuum of care in many, in several of our facilities in several of our states. So that’s our stated objective.
David Bachman:  Okay that’s very helpful color on that front. And then just two other questions here on the intake and marketing side in terms of interfacing with referral sources, have there been any kind of renewed efforts there or any changes maybe over the past few months as, maybe related to the economy or stepping up efforts there? And then on the, I know it’s small, but the EAP slice of the business just any updates on what you’re seeing in that business? Thanks.
Joey Jacobs:  Okay on the RTC referral development side of the business, two years ago it was a local responsibility for the CEOs in their facilities during the past two years and especially during the past 12 months we have created an additional corporate service for that. That helps our facilities, and I think that’s what’s been the biggest impact for us is having a corporate service covering the country. For that matching up the child with the right appropriate facility and service. So, I think that’s working well there and your last question part was?
David Bachman :  EAP.
Longbow Research:  EAP.
Joey Jacobs:  EAP. We continue to sell contracts. We just brought on Blue Cross of Montana. I think it’s Montana. We do lose a few contracts. It’s a very much a needed service and actually some of our larger EAP vendor contracts are asking us for additional services and additional project – products, which we’re creating for them. So, it’s a good book of business. And there is some growth there, but it’s small. But we’re very pleased with Cindy Sherif and her team and the excellent work they are doing.
David Bachman :  Okay and just one last question. Just again we’re seeing bad debt provisions, in line with historical, where it’s been historically for you. Any other update or just color on that piece of the business?
Longbow Research:  Okay and just one last question. Just again we’re seeing bad debt provisions, in line with historical, where it’s been historically for you. Any other update or just color on that piece of the business?
Jack Polson:  No, no, really, more than half of our businesses that are child and adolescents, and they don’t have deductibles or copays. And so, this industry had preauthorization since the early 90s; so bad debts, we think will continue to be in that 2% range.
David Bachman :  Excellent. Well we appreciate all the, all the good information and color today.
Longbow Research:  Excellent. Well we appreciate all the, all the good information and color today.
Jack Polson:  Thanks.
Operator: We’ll next hear from A.J. Rice, Soleil Securities.
A.J. Rice :  Thanks. I have just a couple of follow ups and then one broader question. Obviously the UIC report, which thanks for the comments on, was mainly targeted for the benefit of the Illinois authorities since they’re in discussions with you. But I just was – it’d be remiss if we didn’t ask you, has it prompted any other inquiries from any other regulatory bodies or payers. Has that changed the discussion in any way with anybody else that we should know about?
Soleil Securities:  Thanks. I have just a couple of follow ups and then one broader question. Obviously the UIC report, which thanks for the comments on, was mainly targeted for the benefit of the Illinois authorities since they’re in discussions with you. But I just was – it’d be remiss if we didn’t ask you, has it prompted any other inquiries from any other regulatory bodies or payers. Has that changed the discussion in any way with anybody else that we should know about?
Joey Jacobs:  None at all.
A.J. Rice :  Okay.
Soleil Securities:  Okay.
Joey Jacobs:  Could we get a call or a question just like you’ve given us one? Yes.
A.J. Rice :  Right.
Soleil Securities:  Right.
Joey Jacobs:  Has it impacted any relationships? No.
A.J. Rice :  Okay, and then just maybe to try to comment to Adam’s question a little differently on the general liability area. Has there just been claims filed or size of claims you’re seeing, has there been any material change in the last quarter versus what you had in the fourth quarter?
Soleil Securities:  Okay, and then just maybe to try to comment to Adam’s question a little differently on the general liability area. Has there just been claims filed or size of claims you’re seeing, has there been any material change in the last quarter versus what you had in the fourth quarter?
Joey Jacobs:  We have seen none there. And once again, last year it was not – we projected a number of claims we received. We were right on top of that number. What slipped up on us was the average settlement went up about $30,000 a settlement, which – if you could see the size of our settlements, it’s a percent increase there. Once again the settlements are very small.
A.J. Rice :  Okay, and then just finally, on the cash flow projections for this year, it looks like cash flow from ops is about $40 million rounded. Free cash flow after the $25 million or so of CapEx, is about $15 million in the first quarter. As you already mentioned, second quarter, tends to be seasonally stronger than first; third quarter seasonally weaker than first. Should we annualize the free cash flow number for the first quarter? It gives you $60 million. Is that a good number to think about for free cash flow this year or can you give us any help on that? I know you gave us CapEx at $120 to $140 million.
Soleil Securities:  Okay, and then just finally, on the cash flow projections for this year, it looks like cash flow from ops is about $40 million rounded. Free cash flow after the $25 million or so of CapEx, is about $15 million in the first quarter. As you already mentioned, second quarter, tends to be seasonally stronger than first; third quarter seasonally weaker than first. Should we annualize the free cash flow number for the first quarter? It gives you $60 million. Is that a good number to think about for free cash flow this year or can you give us any help on that? I know you gave us CapEx at $120 to $140 million.
Brent Turner: That’s right. A.J., it’s Brent. We would expect, we’ve always said our net income times number of shares, our net income plus the non-cash stock comp, which I think based on the midpoint of our range, those would be in the 160, $180 million range combined and that’s what we get about. We’ve forecasted about $50 to $60 million of true free cash flow after growth and maintenance capital for the year. So, the first quarter was very, very robust and probably, it would be a little optimistic to assume we’re going do that, that level for each quarter going forward.
A.J. Rice :  Right. And did you – do you give the breakout between routine and what you’re calling development CapEx?
Soleil Securities:  Right. And did you – do you give the breakout between routine and what you’re calling development CapEx?
Brent Turner:  Absolutely. The maintenance capital this quarter was just a little over 2%. It was 2.3%, and the balance was expansion. That’d be about 3.1%. Those are percentages of revenue.
A.J. Rice :  Okay and then maybe I’ll just ask this last one then. On acquisitions, you made the point as you always do that there is no acquisitions in the guidance. Are we still sort of on hold a little bit on acquisitions, but you’ve got the refinancing, which needs to be done? Are you looking at things again or – where do you stand with that?
Soleil Securities:  Okay and then maybe I’ll just ask this last one then. On acquisitions, you made the point as you always do that there is no acquisitions in the guidance. Are we still sort of on hold a little bit on acquisitions, but you’ve got the refinancing, which needs to be done? Are you looking at things again or – where do you stand with that?
Joey Jacobs:  There is not going to be any acquisitions in the first quarter of new facilities. Our two development people are out looking at facilities for potential acquisitions. We need the credit markets to stabilize some more and our goal is to continue to pay down the debt and build beds at are in our existing facilities; and we’ll revisit this A.J., with you all in the – in July when we talk about the second quarter numbers. We’ll be in a better position to talk about the possibility of acquisitions and that sort of thing, but nothing in the second quarter. But we are looking; we do still visit and look at facilities.
A.J. Rice :  Okay, all right, thanks a lot.
Soleil Securities:  Okay, all right, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our last question today will come from Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: Sorry, can you hear me now?
Joey Jacobs:  Hey Gary, this is Joey.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Hey, how are you doing?
Joey Jacobs:  Good.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  A few quick ones. When we look at length of stay year-over-year in the same store numbers down half a day, is that – is there a facility-specific issue like a Rolling Hills type thing? Does that RTC showing up? Is there anything obvious on that half day?
Joey Jacobs:  No, not it all.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Okay.
Joey Jacobs:  It is just the mix of the acute versus RTC length of stay flowing through; both of them I think. Like on the acute length of stay for the first quarter as compared to last year, I think it was down one-tenth of a day. And then on the residential, it might have been just down one day. I think the length of stay there is, I don’t know the exact number; it could be like 140 going to 139. Nothing significant other than the mix of the patients driving the length of stay down.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Now what’s your – what is your ballpark acute length of stay now?
Joey Jacobs:  The length of stay is between nine to ten days.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Okay. And you were talking about earlier just kind a range of per diem payments on the acute care side roughly six to $700 per day. Can you remind us on the RTC side, what a range might be?
Joey Jacobs:  They would be in the – they average about 330. So give or take 40 bucks each way, I would say. They average I think about 330, 340.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Okay. Brent, on the balance sheet the allowance as a percent of gross AR has been stable; it actually improved some sequentially. Has there been any change in terms of timing on write-offs? Can you just remind us when you’ve got an account that’s fully reserved when you actually write that off the balance sheet is that at 180 days or 360?
Jack Polson:  I think that’s – this is Jack. I think that’s more of a function of as we acquire facilities, we’re reluctant to have them write-off too quickly. And as they mature with PSI and as we integrate them, we become more comfortable in the assessment of those claims that are aging out. And with the acquisitions slowing down, we’re seeing them follow PSI processes more closely.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  So, that means, I’m not sure I follow you.
Jack Polson:  Okay what you saw in the previously was a little bit of growth in that because we’re reluctant to have them write-off too quickly, new acquisitions write-off to quickly.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Got it.
Jack Polson:  We wanted to properly assess those things and make sure that they’re following our processes. Now that they’ve been with us for a time, we’re following our processes. It’s not an acceleration overall for PSI. It’s just we’re more comfortable with bringing them onboard our process and writing them, writing them off in due course.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Okay, I mean, the number looks, the number looks good. I’m not pointing it out of as an area of concern. Is there – can you tell us for a core PSI facility at what point you would write-off a fully reserved account or does it vary by payer or essentially by market?
Jack Polson:  The latter two, it varies by payer; it varies by facility, and what kind of patients that facility is seeing. So to say, that there is a good example of one, there is not.
Brent Turner:  However Gary you need to be careful here that, there is rules concerning writing off Medicare bad debts that you have to have them returned from the collection agency before you can do that. All efforts have to be exhausted.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Sure.
Brent Turner:  And they really want to see the same effort for your commercial account. So, we probably follow that closer about when we write them off than any other criteria.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Okay.
Brent Turner: Occasionally we can write them off earlier, but more than likely we are letting them go through a collection service cycle one-time.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Right. Okay, so, overall though there has been no change in that policy --
Brent Turner:  No, not at all.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Except maybe you have fewer acquisitions come through.
Jack Polson :  No, not at all.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Final question, just going back to margin again. I understood the comments about Rolling Hills but when you look at your – the press release that shows the same-store margin down 70 basis points year-over-year, I think you said Rolling Hills was 40, did I miss anything else that was called out that was driving that?
Joey Jacobs:  I don’t think I gave anything specifically, other then the Rolling Hills/Nashville Rehab issue.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Okay and then so, with the first quarter same-store margin down 70, half of that being Rolling Hills, which gets better on a forward basis, I’m still of the mind that your earnings guidance for the year implies, 70s or 80 basis points of margin, same-store margin growth for the full year. Is that in the ballpark of what you’re thinking? -- Go ahead.
Joey Jacobs:  Gary, it’s in the ballpark. And probably what you’re discounting is that as I mentioned earlier during, the first six weeks of the year, we were not aggressive on trying to match that to census. We knew the census would come back so, when you see souring wages and benefits as a percent of that revenue being higher, that number will get better, because of the revenues growing in the second quarter. And so, can we do better in the second, third and fourth quarter? Absolutely, we can do better against those first quarter metrics just by the sheer fact that we knew the census was coming back, and we were not aggressive in trying to reduce head count.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Got it, you had mentioned some cost reductions for the 2Q. I understand the labor sequentially, because of the census. My last question, I’ll let you go is anything specific you can help us think about just in terms of cost reductions moving forward?
Joey Jacobs:  No not, I did not give any specifics, other than I’d anticipate that there will be.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Okay, all right thanks.
Joey Jacobs:  Just some information for everybody. I’ve got a little bit more detail on the core measures in the pilot project. There were 100 about 190 hospitals in the pilot project. We should expect more than 200 to be in the system when fully implemented. Core measurements should be blessed by NQF this summer. Full implementation by October or January. Public reporting of data probably early 2010. And that’s from Mark McClellan who heads up our association, who is closer to this than anybody about the implementation. So, there will be more than 200 hospital facilities in the core measurement. And it is still subject to being approved this summer. And then October, January will be when the first data comes out.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Okay.
Joey Jacobs: And I guess we’re ready for my closing comments. First, thank you all for joining us and being with us. During the first quarter, I was out to visit several of our facilities: Lincoln Prairie, Holly Hill, Oaks, Streamwood, Riveredge, River Park, Michiana. I had great visits; saw the commitment to quality in keeping the patients safe in every one of those facilities. To those employees, to all employees of PSI, I thank you for doing the outstanding job you’re doing. Absolutely quality is our number one number goal for this company, and keeping that patients safe and having good outcomes. So, thank you very much for that. We’ll be communicating through our website, once again on our efforts. So, please you can go to our website and find updates about Joint Commission scores, feedback from the field and from our patients concerning quality. Our online PSI University goes live at the end of May. So, a lot of good things happening at PSI. We do expect a good second quarter. We do as of April; the census looks very good for us. Hopefully, we can hold it for another 62 days. And we’ll talk to you again at the end of July. Thanks. Operator: Ladies and gentleman that does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Brent Turner – EVP, Finance and Administration Joey Jacobs – Chairman, President and CEO Jack Polson – CAO 
Analysts:  Christina Bradshaw – William Blair & Company Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Securities Mark Arnold – Piper Jaffray Andreas Dirnagl – Stephens Inc. David Bachman – Longbow Research A.J. Rice – Soleil Securities Jeff Englander – Standard & Poor's Gary Taylor – Citigroup 
Brent Turner: Good morning. I’m Brent Turner, Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration, for Psychiatric Solutions, and I would like to welcome you to PSI’s Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter of 2008. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay beginning today through March 13, by dialing 719-457-0820. The confirmation number for the replay is 4606679. The replay may also be accessed through March 13 at our website, which is psysolutions.com and at earnings.com.  To the extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you may also find a reconciliation of that measure to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on the Company's website by following the Investors link to news releases and clicking on yesterday's earnings release.  This conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among others, regarding Psychiatric Solutions' expected financial performance for 2009. For this purpose, any statements made during the call that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, the words; believes, anticipates, plans, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are hereby cautioned that these statements may be affected by the important factors, among others, set forth in Psychiatric Solutions’ filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our fourth quarter earnings release, and consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Joey Jacobs.
Joey Jacobs: Thank you, Brent, good morning and welcome. It’s a pleasure to be here today to discuss our operating performance for the fourth quarter and full-year 2008. We produced in same-facility revenue of 7.8% growth for the quarter with a 6.5% increase in same-facility revenue for patient day and a 1.3% increase in patient days.  Same-facility revenue for all of 2008 grew 8% exactly in the middle of our 7% to 9% range. For the fourth quarter, we generated earnings of $0.44 per diluted share. As discussed in our press release the fourth quarter earnings per diluted share were impacted by one of the company’s facilities in Chicago and an increase in the company reserves for general and professional liability coverage. The Chicago facility suffered a decline in operations of $0.03 relating to admissions hold and professional fees of $0.02 relating to an investigation.  As a result of our annual actuarial review, we determined that we needed to increase our self-insured, reserves for general and professional liability by $4.9 million or $0.05 per share. Our results for all of 2008 reflect another strong year performance. PSI grew its total net revenues by 20.9% for 2008. Income from continuing operations per diluted share increased 38.1%. And as adjusted for 2007 loss on debt financing, income from continuing operations per diluted share grew 28.9%.  During 2008, we acquired five facilities opened a 120 bed de novo hospital and added 380 beds to existing facilities. We had total bed growth of over 900 beds in 2008. Our revised 2009 earnings guidance of 224 to 232 represents earnings growth of 17% to 21% before the effect of any future acquisitions.  We are lowering our guidance to reflect the financial impact of the following three issues; the current economic environment and the continued admissions hold at our Chicago facility resulted in lowering our revenue goals for 2009. Same store revenue growth is expected to be mid-single digits for the year 2009 and lower single digits for the first quarter. As we saw a softening inpatient days that began in October. Number two, our guidance reflects the trending of general and professional liability expense that we experienced in 2008. And three, the impact of successfully amending our current revolving credit facility. There are bright spots for 2009 we expect positive patient day growth and revenue per patient day growth. We expect to add 400 beds to existing facilities and to complete selective hospital acquisitions.  Mental Health Parity will have a positive impact when it takes effect October 2009. And PSI will be positioned well for a successful 2009. Now that I have given you an overview of our financial performance for 2008 and guidance for 2009, I want to give a similar overview covering quality initiatives.  Last year we admitted 164,670 patients generating 2.8 million patient days. During 2008 we had approximately 700 regulatory surveys, less than 1% of these surveys resulted in significant findings or deficiencies. Approximately 250 resulted in zero deficiencies.  Our corporate staff working on quality initiatives now totals 32 and more than a 100 individuals that the facility level are dedicated to quality and compliance. We implemented a quality score card with 22 indicators; we voluntarily captured the seven core measurements for Joint Commission. Please visit our website where you will find more of our efforts in continuing education and training to keep our patients safe.  Keeping our patients our safe is number one goal of PSI, our 24,000 employees work toward that goal everyday. When incidents occur it's very unfortunate and we are dedicated to learning from those incidents to improve our quality of care.  Thank you again for your time this morning and now Jack Polson, our Chief Accounting Officer, will review our financial results in more detail.
Jack Polson: Thank you, Joe and good morning. PSI’s revenue for the fourth quarter increased 12% to $446 million from $398 million for the fourth quarter of 2007. Income from continuing operations increased to 6.3% to $24.6 million from $23.2 million while income from continuing operations grew per diluted share, grows 4.8% to $0.44 from $0.42. Our same-facility revenue increase 7.8% for the fourth quarter reflecting a 6.5% increase in revenue per patient day and a 1.3% increase in patient days. Patient days were impacted 0.9% by the admissions hold in Chicago. Same-facility EBITDA margin was 18.7% and total facility EBITDA margin was 18.5% both compared with 21.0% for the fourth quarter of 2007. While same-facility EBITDA margin for the full year was up 30 basis points to 20.8% from 20.5% last year. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA increase 9% for the fourth quarter to $74.6 million and increase 23% to $312.9 million for the full year.  With substantial net cash provided by continuing operating activities for the quarter and the year as well as strong growth in our consolidated income from continuing operations for the year. We again improved our financial position at year end 2008 with the end of 2007. Cash flows from continuing operations was $52.5 million for the quarter and $142.6 million for the year and days and accounts receivable at the end of 2008 was 51 down from 53 last year. Total debt-to-adjusted EBITDA improved to 4.0 at the end of 2008 from 4.4 a year earlier and 4.1 at the end of the third quarter. Net debt to total capitalization improved to 58.7% improved 258.7% at the end of 2008 from 60% at the end of 2007.  Now, here is Brent Tuner to discuss the extension of our revolving credit facility.
Brent Turner: Thanks Jack. We are extremely pleased to announce two year extension of our revolving credit facility extending the maturity of $200 million of the facility to December 31, 2011. The remaining $100 million will mature at the end of 2009 as originally scheduled. The revolver currently has an outstanding balance of approximately $195 million and is priced at LIBOR plus 5.25%. In a more normal lending environment, we would have extended the entire $300 million revolver. However, given the current environment the fact that we were successful on this extension is a credit to the financial performance of PSI. It is important to note that structure we utilized did not impact the terms of our $570 million in term loans that remain priced at LIBOR plus 1.75%. That was also a significant accomplishment and part of our strategy and extending only $200 million of the revolver. I want to thanks the lenders that are now part of our new revolver for their support of PSI. With this revolver maturity put behind us we are now well positioned to fund our capital needs for 2009 and we intend to use the excess cash flow to further reduce our overall debt. Finally, we have no significant debt maturities until the end of 2011 when revolver matures once again.  This concludes our prepared remarks this morning. Cynthia, would you please open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you Mr. Turner (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Ryan Daniels with William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Christina Bradshaw – William Blair & Company: Good morning. It’s Christina Bradshaw for Ryan this morning. To start-off, where is the weakness that you’re seeing in the volume right now given the environment. Is it under acute-RTC side or is it more payer focused?
Joey Jacobs: It’s general across the Board. Our payer mix has stayed relatively stable over the years. It is just a general softening that occurred in October, and that was I guess when banks started to fail maybe Lehman Brothers had closed or whatever and we just the uneasiness, the lay-offs in the market, just caused a softening in the census, starting in October. Across the Board we do have several facilities that -- this is not impacted and they are growing rapidly, so but there is a general softness across the country.
Christina Bradshaw – William Blair & Company: That's helpful color. Thank you. Regarding the situation in Riveredge, can you estimate what your costs are going to be for the facility in the first quarter of 09 or I don’t know if you can provide an estimate? And then, I guess, is there a point where you get to just think about converting those beds away from DCF to maybe private pay?
Joey Jacobs : The Riveredge and the softening of the census was taking -- we took both of those things into consideration when we lowered the revenue -- same-store revenue goals to the mid-single digits. So it’s baked in those expectations there. We have starting in November began a program of diversifying the payer mix there, and so that is a part of our strategy and hopefully a successful strategy during 2009. 
Christina Bradshaw – William Blair & Company: Okay, great. And then, a question on the revolver. Is there a LIBOR floor on, for the extension of the revolver or any new covenants that may be we should be aware of?
Brent Turner: There are neither. No LIBOR floor and no change in our covenants.
Christina Bradshaw – William Blair & Company: Okay. And then, I have one final question. On the M&A front, probably a bit of conundrum as there are fewer bidders and higher interest costs, but the facilities themselves are doing well and maybe, not taking lower multiples. Do you have any color on those?
Joey Jacobs: The acquisitions where we have lower intense have good facilities and our multiples for acquisitions have been lowered. So, the multiple that we are going to be paying for acquisitions going forward is slower than what we pay, say from 2005-2006, forward.
Christina Bradshaw – William Blair & Company: Okay, great. That’s all I have for now. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Adam Feinstein with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I guess several moving parts here. Just want to start and just want to clarify something. So you said Riveredge impacted same-store growth by 90 basis points in the quarter, is that correct?
Joey Jacobs: Correct. Patient days, yes.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: The patient days by 90 basis, okay. Alright, and I guess, as you know, you look out in terms of the impact from the economy and what you're assuming for 2009, you know, you spoke before about the general softening. But are you also assuming some change in reimbursement with some of the state Medicaid issues?
Joey Jacobs: Adam, we've built in a little cushion there. We've not seen that yet. But we've built in a little cushion there. You know, the states are, like in Tennessee for example, the governor postponed presenting his budget until he saw what was going to happen with the stimulus package. I think a lot of the pressure on the Medicaid budget at the state level are going to be solved by the funds coming from the Federal Government to shore up Medicaid. So, we will get more clarity as closer we get to July 1. We have been a little bit more conservative in the re-projection for 2009.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just on the patient day softness, I just wanted to delve into this a little bit more detail. I guess as you have seen issues there, I mean, do you believe that payers are limiting length of stay? Do you think that’s driving some of this. Just want to get your thoughts in terms of why a Medicaid beneficiary wouldn’t be getting the same treatment, I would assume that their benefit would be similar. So there hasn’t been any change in terms of co-payments and such for some of the Medicaid beneficiaries. So just curious in terms why you think the patient day softness is taking place?
Joey Jacobs: The uneasiness in the population about even buying or consuming even goes into patients days here. More than -- our number one payer now from our last payer source now is commercial HMO, PPO. We really don’t see anything really changing on the length of stay there significantly. What we do see is that population that does have deductibles in co-pays that they would be having to spend for care. So, maybe a little bit more pressure there, but it's more of a general the softness, Adam, across the board.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: Okay. Alright, and then on the professional liability costs. Maybe just walk us through -- what's going on there in terms of the increase you are seeing, I understand the impacts for the quarter was a boost in your reserves, but as we think about 2009, how should we think about the professional liability cost?
Joey Jacobs: That was the reason for lowering the guidance some for 2009 is to make sure that we have what we believe is adequate insurance reserves, expense going or 2009. And the increase came, Adam, from the thoughts or expectations that the actual claim cost per claims going to go up and has going up overtime. So, that’s where it came from. We have instituted some new procedure so we have more of a quarterly look at that number going forward, but we've trended that expense line for 2009 using the 2008 increase in reserves there. So, once again we were conservative cautious there.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: Okay. And I don’t know, Jack or Brent, I want to go through but in your K outlined there is a change in your policy there. Can you just walk us through the change you guys made in terms of your self insurance here?
Brent Turner: Yes, I think you are speaking about the fact that we increased our excess coverage from $50 million to $75 million going forward. And it's important to note from our risk management profile we were able to do that with our lower premium for the entire excess policy than we had at the $50 million level. So, that it further validates that there is no significant change in our exposure from claims that we were able to purchase $75 million of additional coverage at premium rate lower than what we were previously paying for 50.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Securities:  Thanks. Good morning everyone. I wanted to just fall up a little bit more on the professional liability issue and may be if you can just kind of give us a sense for the timing of the actuarial review and when it became known to you that you would have to take reserves. I just want to sort of get a sense here for the timing of that process. And I think Brent you said that you have a new quarterly look at this so, may be can you just tell us what you are doing differently on a quarterly versus what you did annually before.
Brent Turner:  Darren the timing of this is always done in the middle of fourth quarter, so that we have good results and can study it for year-end. We previously had any significant changes outside of our expectations from that. This is the first year it happened there. And so going forward what we've done is put some -- a monthly internal analysis in place to roll our experience forward. And then quarterly we'll be having our outside actuarial review study, before the end of each quarter. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Securities: And when did you complete the actuarial review this go-round?
Brent Turner:  Well the final, we got initial indications late in December the final didn't come out till January but those -- these things are they put out a number of drafts and we go through that, so it was initiated, beginning of December and so it's a process.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Securities: I guess just a question with regard to your philosophy pre announcing, it did seem like you had some information available by January, so maybe Joey, can you just share with us your thought process with regard to that and why you didn’t want to get this information in to the marketplaces, probably the biggest miss you had since being public company. So I think your shareholders would like to hear that. 
Brent Turner: Darren this -- the review of the malpractices, the general and professional insurance reserves took the whole month of January. And the audit committee and the review of the financial numbers were scheduled for mid February. I thought it would be a disservice not to able to put out one piece of information without being able to really talk about the whole quarter and in it's entirety during that and it was just $0.05 $4.9 million.  And so that was the decision and it was somewhat of unusual occurrence and that our history had not, had those sort of adjustments. And we wanted to take the time in January, may be in the in the first couple of weeks in February to review with the actuaries and make sure that we understood the details of what they were recommending to us. And it coincided it was within a few days of when we would be having this call. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay and then can I just a question with regard to how your educating your referral sources obviously some bad headlines which we would all like to see avoid going forward. But in those markets where that may have had some impact in your referral sources perhaps. Can you just talk to us about how your compliance team is educating referral sources with regard to your outcomes? If there's any different process there?
Brent Turner:  We know when someone's out there doing a story, and by the time the story is written, we kind of know where they are going to focus, fortunately for us they keep focusing on very old stories, very old incidents for so we do give state agencies, Joint Commission, referral sources, heads ups ahead of time so they are not surprised or read it in the paper. And I think our operations teams in conjunction with Kathy Bolmer and non of the compliance and quality department do a good job of reaching out to those sources. And providing more detail surrounding the events and that the subsequent appropriate agency has reviewed those incidents that are occurring.  And for example, the story that was written on our Taxes facilities, they talked about fines but all those fines were in none of those fines, we had no fines. We had nothing that occurred in 2008 that required a fine to be assessed to PSI. That was not in the story. Story about our Chicago facility is that they did, we did have a couple of incidents in August of last year. But let me assure you that people have read this story have assess to all the state findings and reviews, we had no more incidents like that since August. And have had none this year and then this, the main part of our story was written on something that occurred in 2007.  It's unfortunate that, that is public information and those are the worst of the incidents that occurred with PSI. And so last year we treated 2.8 million patient days and did a great job but there were some incidents. And so but we do try to be aggressive in communicating with all of the appropriate agencies and the referral sources, so I think we do pretty good there and there is always two sides to every story and we try to give our side and let them make their decisions. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Securities: Sure, let me just one last thing here. And that's on the acquisition front and really what I would I guess like to get out is when you think about your liquidity position in the capital that's available to you. Can you just help us think about what you think you realistically would want to take down on your revolving credit facility given that a portion of it does mature this year and sort of what that gets you from an M&A standpoint. And I guess the corollary to that would just be, are there any core assets that you have that might give you some additional liquidity to do an acquisition?
Brent Turner: Yeah this is Bret. I think one, our revolver is $300 million and we are very optimistic with our liquidity position, with our cash flow that we generate is ample to fund both our internal as well as our external goals. Keep in mind we have access to other capital the revolver was just one source that was immediately addressed in the first quarter. But there are other sources of capital available to us and so we do not see our acquisition opportunities to be mitigated due to our revolver or access to any other capital. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator:  We will take our next question from Mark Arnold with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Mark Arnold – Piper Jaffray:  Good morning. Maybe just a follow-up on that last question, Brent, you mentioned other sources of capital -- your bonds are currently trading about with the yield of about 10% historically that might not have been a level that you guys were willing to do something at. But given multiples are coming down, I think you maybe kind of half-answered this in the last question but I mean would you guys consider going to the bond market if there were attractive acquisitions out there that you wanted to finance?
Brent Turner: I think a fair way to reference that is an attractive source of capital that's available to us. 
Mark Arnold – Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then just another follow-up to the question on professional and liability reserves, Joey I think you mentioned that in your guidance that you're being conservative in what you've assumed in there as it relates to your guidance, is it fair to say then that your guidance doesn't assume any additional reserves being taken here over the rest of the year?
Joey Jacobs:  I would not see any unusual adjustments to the reserve for the year. I can't guarantee that but we think we have built the reserves adequate enough and that we're going to be more timely with the review each quarter. That $0.05 that we took for the fourth quarter quite frankly that was probably build up and that probably should have been allocated one fourth across all the quarters. 
Mark Arnold – Piper Jaffray: Okay. 
Joey Jacobs:  And so we will be more real-time, adjustment I would assume if there was an adjustment would be smaller and quite frankly it can go the other way, so it could be a positive. 
Mark Arnold – Piper Jaffray: Okay and then when we are talking about the weakness that you are seeing I think you said it kind of across the facilities are you projecting that impact to be more severe on the RTC or the acute side?
Joey Jacobs: We build our budgets by facility and we have some few facilities that have seen a softness, and then we've had some RTC facilities that have had a softness. So once again it's not one specific area or service or geographic area in the country. So, but it is a general softness.
Mark Arnold – Piper Jaffray: Okay. One last question and it just relates to Riveredge, can you just give us a sense where we stand at Riveredge right now? Kind of where your census is today, maybe versus a year ago. And just kind of at least to what you can reveal, kind of what the status of the current investigation that DFS review is?
Joey Jacobs: Okay. First, it's probably costing us 50 to 70 basis points against the same-store patient day comparison. Now, that comparison will get smaller as we get into the third quarter of this year. And hopefully, in the second quarter, as we're diversifying the patient load at that facility it will get smaller. The status, we continue to work with the Department of Justice on their investigation and respond to their needs. The DCFS, they're waiting on a report from the University of Illinois, Medical Center in Chicago. And since the incidents have occurred, we've had the Joint Commission survey, which the facility did well with. We've had DCFS; we had licensing CMS in there. So, we've had many surveys and inspections since the summer of last year. And so, we are just waiting on DCFS. And they are kind of waiting on this report.
Mark Arnold – Piper Jaffray: Just one follow up to that and then I will jump back in queue. I think, you guys have put in place some additional staffing. I think you have a job posting for a new compliance officer there. Are those things that you are working along with some of the state agencies? And can we infer that you're working with to address some of the concerns that they have or are these just regular practices and things you are doing to address the, you make sure that the quality issues there, that there aren’t any in the future?
Joey Jacobs:  It's a combination of both. Anytime anybody comes in and survey us and give us a report or they think we can improve care, we develop an action plan and put additional resources and we keep the regulatory party that issued the report. We keep them up-to-date on the progress we are making. So it's a combination of both that’s going on there, that we’re keeping the appropriate agencies up-to-date on what we are doing and changes that we are making. We welcome them at any time. Our CEO there has done a good job. She is not been there for a year yet, I think its amaze when she will be there for a year and Terry has done a super job there and we are very open and transparent. And so we are very much in touch with the various agencies that would be looking at this facility.
Mark Arnold – Piper Jaffray:  Great, thank you.
Operator:  We will take our next question Andreas Dirnagl with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Andreas Dirnagl – Stephens Inc.:  Yeah, good morning, guys. Actually, Joey I am going to start with just a sort of another follow-up on where we just were. I just want to clarify, so what you are saying is that for Riveredge at the moment you haven't got to the point where you've sort of come together and done a coordinated action plan with the state yet, you are still waiting to do that or have you done that already?
Joey Jacobs:  We have done that.
Andreas Dirnagl – Stephens Inc.:  Okay.
Joey Jacobs:  They have engaged an outside consultant to come in and do our survey. And that’s been occurring since November.
Andreas Dirnagl – Stephens Inc.:  Okay.
Joey Jacobs:  So we are waiting on that report but as far as all those other reports and actions we have done those.
 :  So we are waiting on that report but as far as all those other reports and actions we have done those.
Andreas Dirnagl – Stephens Inc.:  So, in other words, I mean, let me see if I can characterize. What you are saying is that you've done everything the state has asked you to do and now you are just waiting for them to sort of make sure that you really have done those things with this outside survey and that’s what holding up process?
Joey Jacobs: Correct. We have done everything, we know to do other than continuing improvement all the time which all of our facilities, we are waiting on DCFS.
Andreas Dirnagl – Stephens Inc.: Right. Okay, great. And then my second question, I really want to sort of delve in a little bit more into this idea of you are seeing just overall weakness from the economy and people being more cautious. Can you help me marry that idea with sort of the idea that we've always previously had that you guys are really cushion from a lot of the economic environment, simply because I mean you are not a first line treatment modality you are the last line treatment modality significant portion of your patients are a danger themselves and/or their community, there really is no other choice but inpatient hospitalization. I mean where to sort of in the clinical decision making process where is sort of the point where gee a weak economy means that I am going to opt for X versus inpatient hospitalization and what is X?
Joey Jacobs: Well, hopefully X is not getting treatment, could very well be that there not getting treatment, X could be maybe a position taking more of risk about trying to do that patient through and our patient effort. Let me assure that we are going to have positive patient day growth in the company this year. We are not going to have decline inpatient days, we are going to have positive patient day growth and we have many successes. Just for example, we opened up 44 beds at Holly Hill Hospital in Raleigh, North Carolina. And the day of the dedication, it had been opened the week and it was the force 44 beds were already half full.  So we have examples of where we have strong growth, where we've expanded our beds. And hopefully these patients are not hopefully, we would hope that they are not trying to get by with not care. And then so but it just a softness and it’s a small softness. We did 1.6% patient day growth, in the fourth quarter and that was 90 basis points effected by Riveredge which would have gotten patient day growth roughly in the 2.5% range. So, when you adjust for that 90 basis points, the fourth quarter was strong. We've had stronger quarters. The surprise to us in the fourth quarter was October. For some reason, we occasionally have a month like that were -- where it’s supposed to be a stronger quarter, I mean, stronger month and for some reason the months just wants to be soft. And at that time last year in September and October there was a lot of bad new going out in the economy. So, Andreas that’s -- we are going to have positive patient day growth. 
Andreas Dirnagl – Stephens Inc.: Yeah.
Joey Jacobs:  And internally, we are still shooting for 7% and 9%. But as for you all in your models, it's mid-digits for you all in your model and it's a lower single digit for the first quarter. So, but we are still internally, we are still pushing and driving towards the 7% and 9% growth.
Andreas Dirnagl – Stephens Inc.:  So again, maybe just to try and characterize, in terms of the economic impact, there is likely a certain portion of the population both on the RTC as well as on the acute side, that are for lack of a better term from a clinical perspective kind of borderline maybe as to whether or not they would get inpatients versus some other type of care. And what you are saying is given the cautiousness in the current economic environment maybe some physicians are sort of leaning more towards other venues for those borderline patients?
Joey Jacobs:  That could very well be true. That could very well be true.
Andreas Dirnagl – Stephens Inc.:  Okay, and just to clarify then, final question on sort of the same-store revenue growth, mid single digit with lower number in the first quarter. Ignoring the first quarter, are you saying that sort of second, third and fourth quarter is going to be mid single digit period or is it mid single low single digit in the first quarter with the slightly higher number in sort of second, third and fourth that averages for the year to mid single. In other words ignoring the first quarter, if you had to give '09 same-store revenue guidance, it would be mid single digits? 
Joey Jacobs: Absolutely.
Andreas Dirnagl – Stephens Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next quarter from David Bachman with Longbow Research. Please go ahead. 
David Bachman – Longbow Research: Hey good morning and thanks for all the detail so far that you've provided. Just a couple of more questions here. First of all, let's start with a payer mix question. Your commercial HMO private pay categories remained pretty stead here from what we’ve seen in the past at 35% of revenue. But could you perhaps provide a little bit of color to how that breaks out, especially that -- what constitutes that private pay and other places in the K you talked about individual private payers and I am just trying to get a sense of that piece of your business?
Joey Jacobs: Absolutely, Dave, the commercial category does incorporate the private pay component and that falls into that would also -- that definition would be copays deductible as well as somebody paying full charge individually. On average, that’s going to be in that 3% to 4% of our total revenue. 
David Bachman – Longbow Research: So, 3% to 4% of total revenue, okay. And that’s combined, paying the whole bill and copays and deductibles and any further breakout on that or just --?
Joey Jacobs: Somebody coming in and actually paying individually, without insurance, would be very low. That would not be a big portion.
David Bachman – Longbow Research: That’s a small piece overall. And just in terms of the volume weakness, Jack is there any breakout on that piece of the business that perhaps -- it makes intuitive sense of that that piece might be a bit softer then what you saw generally? 
Jack Polson: There is no more detail we can give you at this time. After first quarter is over, we will tell what the payer mix for the first quarter. We will get back to you.
David Bachman – Longbow Research: Okay, thank you. And just bad debt 2% staying kind of in that bad debt expense range? 
Joey Jacobs: Yes. 
David Bachman – Longbow Research: Okay. And acquisition guidance remaining unchanged to six facilities?
Joey Jacobs: Well, hopefully we can do six. We are being very selective. The economic conditions, make us do a stronger new diligence there but there are going to be some acquisitions and so we feel good about that. So, but the numbers will really be scrubbed. And so can we get six. We did over 900 beds last year and that was the equivalent on nine facilities. We bought five and built de novo. So yep, we could, we are going to be well over 400 beds for this year building and acquiring. 
David Bachman – Longbow Research: Okay, and then just one final question. What’s not in same-store right now that UMC plus de novo?
Joey Jacobs: I believe that is correct. UMC and the new facility, Lincoln Prairie.
David Bachman – Longbow Research:  Lincoln Prairie and that would be the same then in the first quarter numbers?
Joey Jacobs: No, UMC goes in for one month in the first quarter. 
David Bachman – Longbow Research: Okay, just for most of March.
Joey Jacobs:  Yeah. 
David Bachman – Longbow Research: Okay, that’s it. Thanks again for all the detail, I appreciate it. 
Joey Jacobs: Thanks. 
Operator: We will take our next question from A.J. Rice with Soleil Securities. Please go ahead. 
A.J. Rice – Soleil Securities:  Hi, everybody. Just a couple of question I am going to ask. You guys have your CapEx guidance for ’09 including the development spending that you doing?
Brent Turner :   I think -- A.J., this is Brent. I am going to go of the cuff here but I think we’re taking about combined 400 bed expansions plus our routine maintenance CapEx of about 2%. We are going to be in the $120 million to $140 million range. 
A.J. Rice – Soleil Securities:   Okay. And another sort of detailed question. I noticed on the balance sheet the prepaids and others sequentially increased from third quarter about $21 million and obviously drive the business that been stepping up, but that was certainly bigger than usual step up. Is there is anything unusual going on there? 
Joey Jacobs:   That's where the additional reserve for the professional liabilities is. Actually, no, that is not the case. I don't have that detail for you at this time, A.J.
A.J. Rice – Soleil Securities: All right may be I will -- 
Brent Turner : We will get that detail and follow back up with you. 
A.J. Rice – Soleil Securities:   Okay. That's great. And then just on the volume comment taking it in a different way, if you are going to look at the markets in which you had some of these adverse publicity adverse is the broad market, I mean does that explain any of the volume weakness you seeing that some of those market where you have the adverse publicity versus the broad other markets you are in?
Joey Jacobs:   No, no, that has not occurred. I was in Chicago this week visiting our other large facility in Chicago and in the next sunny days they will be wrapping up on another 42 bed expansion. And we think those beds will come on line and be full, so and then in Houston market. We are seeing good patient days there so no. 
A.J. Rice – Soleil Securities: Okay. All right, thanks a lot. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Englander with Standard & Poor’s. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Englander – Standard & Poor's: Good morning guys. Just to clarify, the DCF poll continues to be just at Riveredge, you're seeing other amenities to other facilities in the Illinois, correct?
Joey Jacobs:   Absolutely. 
Jeff Englander – Standard & Poor's: Okay second part of the question is Joey you mentioned on the liability expense you're reserving for higher claims costs per claim. And it's my understanding that, that's fairly across the Board's experience for most companies. And I'm wondering if you have any feedback from your actuaries whether that's the case?
Joey Jacobs: At other companies I don’t know; we haven't asked them what's going on in other companies, no. 
Jeff Englander – Standard & Poor's: Are you -- I guess the other way to put it, you've being told that this is an industry trend and you need to do this, as a result of an industry or just as a result of your --
Joey Jacobs: No this is our operation -- this is company specific to us. 
Jeff Englander – Standard & Poor's: Okay and then just the last question is, can you – you've mentioned that if the $0.05 for the fourth quarter related to Riveredge, $0.03 was related to the Holdings, $0.03 was related to investigation can you give any kind of color around the change in guidance how much you're looking for in terms of investigation cost and how much is related to the hold? 
Joey Jacobs: We don't give that level of detail. I think the message we want to send is that the revised guidance incorporates the lower level of utilization at Riveredge, so that we don't have, we have 95/94 facilities in operation, 95 now with the new hospital in Franklin, Tennessee. So we're much bigger than just that one facility. So, the revised guidance incorporates that general softness there, and we're not going to continue to specify its incremental impact.
Jeff Englander – Standard & Poor's: Right. Okay. Thanks very much.
Joey Jacobs: No problem.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Arnold with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Mark Arnold – Piper Jaffray:  Just a couple of follow-up questions. In the other operating expense line, I know that's where the, I believe that's where the professional liability reserve comes in to play. But the other components of that, the investigative costs and legal costs, should we expect there to be some elevated level, or to see the other operating expense line at a somewhat elevated level for the next few quarters as well as you guys continue to work through or work with the groups in -- that the government in Illinois and at some of these other facilities, or should we expect that to come back down to more normalize level?
Joey Jacobs: Well, the professional fees related to that are going to be in the professional fees line. So, it wouldn't be in that line. But what you see in that line, I would look at the entire year as a proxy for going forward. And in your models. I don't see any significant change in either that line or in the professional fees related to just that.
Mark Arnold – Piper Jaffray: Okay. So, what you're saying is that look at 2009 as being similar to 2008 on an annual basis.
Joey Jacobs: Yes.
Mark Arnold – Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then, Joey, you mentioned you expect to add about 400 beds in 2009. Can you give us just some sense of timing of when you expect those to kind of come on line?
Joey Jacobs:  You should think about a 100 a quarter.
Mark Arnold – Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then just one last question, Brent I think you just mentioned, the new hospital or I don't know if you classify it as new or replacement in Tennessee. But how does that and then I think you have one other replacement hospital in is it Cleveland that should open in the couple of years? Can you just give us a sense as to timing on those and how that impacts the volumes when they open?
Brent Turner:  Sure, when I describe the new facility in Franklin that’s a new construction but it is a replacement hospital for our national rehab psychiatric license. And then the other new build we did in 2008 was Lincoln Prairie and Springfield, Illinois. You mentioned the Cleveland facility, we actually, we had those plans in place due to our Windsor Hospital in Green Falls only being having 40 beds and not having the real-estate to expand. However when we made the acquisition of horizon they had a facility in the market and we consolidated those two hospitals and ample room for growth there. So, the de novo replacements are very unique and we don’t have anything on the plans on the intermediate horizon for anything further there.
Mark Arnold – Piper Jaffray: Great. Thank you.
Operator:  We will take our next question from Gary Taylor with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Hi, good morning. I have a few questions. First, what was the number of beds added in the 4Q?
Joey Jacobs:  Gary sorry just put that schedule away right one. Fourth quarter we added about 150 beds and that was construction, the construction was completed in the fourth quarter.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  So, if you look at adding maybe a little more than 550 beds around the course of 2008 on beds of about approximately 10,000 beds I think it's generally the number you disclose that’s about 5% increase in the number of beds and even assuming those are kind of ramping ratably. You still might assume maybe those would have contributed a couple points year-over-year. The patient day growth and I think even adding back Riveredge you would be kind in the 2.5% range. So if kind of makes everything else look pretty flat at year-over-year X the bed growth and is that a fair way to look at the quarter. Contribution from those beds is in it high as a couple percentage points.
Joey Jacobs: Well, let me make couple things one that we did 500 total beds of expansion new build in 2008 only 380 of those would be same store and of those 150 didn’t even get completed until the fourth quarter. So the math is much smaller in terms of what you would assume to be impact in the fourth quarter. We get no impact from the 1 to 150 that we are completed in the quarter itself.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: Right, so I presume then, some of the tail effect of what's been put in place ramping into '09 as part of the confidence by you will have positive patient day growth in '09?
Joey Jacobs: Absolutely, sure.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: On the kind of sticking to that same thought process, is the reason for the much lower expectation about 1Q same store revenue, I assume as volume related and that’s probably obviously because you have seen almost two months of it, but is leap year factor in why you think the 2Q picks up from the 1Q levels or is it beds or is it both?
Jack Polson: 
, :
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  Right, I just wanted to understand if there was anything else that was impacting that. And then in terms of your margin outlook, if I take my model down to kind of mid-single digit revenue growth for the year, to fight my way back to your guidance. It looks like almost a 100 basis points of margin expansion on a consolidate basis which is more than you accomplished in '08. Am I in the ballpark or are the reasons to be more optimistic about margin growth in '09 versus '08 should be comparable.
Jack Polson:
 : You are in the ballpark. 
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  So presumably you obviously have a little less of a tailwind from Medicare and you are not going to have the same patient day growth you saw in '08 so where do you get the extra margin leverage from?
Jack Polson:  We are constantly working on the supply cost, the drug cost, the food cost, the benefits of the company. As mentioned earlier when we went after the reinsurance market, we were able to lower the premiums on the reinsurance market for that. So if the other expense items there. So that we are working on to help us have margin improvement there. 
Gary Taylor – Citigroup:  On the other operating expenses if you didn’t do acquisitions in '09 to move that number higher is that a number that can look pretty flat in terms of total dollars, would you still anticipate you’ve got dollar growth in that line item? 
Joey Jacobs: I do not have that budget in front of me for that detail, Gary. You might call back and Brent or Jack can you give you that detail.
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: Okay, last question. Just in terms of free cash flow, the kind of, after routine we would think somewhere $100 million to $130 million of free cash flow you are going to spend $80 to $100 on the de novo beds. So, that leaves a pretty small number of that’s left either for debt reduction or for a few modest acquisitions. So, I just didn’t -- I heard Brent respond, I didn’t quite understand. Someone had asked would you have any willingness to tap any of the $100 million that’s only in place through the end of the year, which seems like maybe it's a little risky. And I didn’t hear exactly or understand exactly what your response was on that? 
Joey Jacobs: We have $300 million of revolver until the end of the year and again we have validation that we can -- we get the structure of that current $200 million. Quite frankly if the lending environment improves and let's hope it doesn’t get any worse but if were to improve between now and the end of the year, it's not prohibited that we would ask to extend $300, it's just scheduled as we know it to mature on December 21, 2009. But we won't sit ideally and let that go by. So, we are behaving as if we have a $300 million revolver which is the case today. And as we mentioned earlier, there are other avenues of available capital that we would price accordingly in the valuation of the transaction we would evaluate in order to continue to make acquisitions that are accretive to our bottom-line. 
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: Your acquisition outlook is going to be more active and where it’s been in the last few months when you -- there was some uncertainty just about how the refinancing will?
Joey Jacobs: Absolutely, we have been on hold with the maturity issue on our revolver and I want to make sure everybody understands, that is behind us and so we are now back in evaluation mode, more active on that front. 
Gary Taylor – Citigroup: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Adam Feinstein with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital:  Yeah, thank you. Just wanted to ask a follow-up question here, and just, I guess two things. One, so based on your comments, about the economy and everything else, I means, I know you typically don’t comment on the current quarter but certainly, considering everything going on in terms -- and just the markets impact here with the stock price today, I mean should we infer that the impact in the quarter has been greater than anticipated and I know you said the growth would be lower in the first quarter, but just wanted to clarify that whether I was just what you were anticipating or whether you have seen this impact, Joey, that you mentioned started back in the another fall?
Joey Jacobs: Obviously, we have the census data through today and so obviously the census is softer as we have told everybody, and once again I'll reiterate for you guys they are doing a models, so it's a lower single digit and also due to the comparison of the leap year, last year statically it's going to make it look over. So, and as Brent mentioned earlier, quite a few of our same-store beds were completed in the fourth quarter, and even in the first quarter, the Holly Hill beds were just completed in January. So, we are to more optimistic for the last two quarters of the year, the third and the fourth quarters in our modeling, and pretty conservative in the first two quarters.
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then, just a follow-up, the softness in census and patient day growth, once again you guys are attributing to the economy. In the past, it seems like that wasn’t the case in terms of what you saw in terms of the impact from the economy. So, I guess how certain are you that impact is from the economy and not from other factors such as increased competition or anything else, I guess just wanted to make sure that we properly understand the reason for the weakening and other census for the last six months?
Joey Jacobs: Turning to the operation reviews and the updates I get from our two Chief Operating officers. They have not talked about incidents like you are mentioning. And it's more of a general uneasiness. Unfortunately, I am 55-years-old, I have never seen the economy being where it is today. So, we will just have to -- we are very cautions about the economy in the first half of the year. But we are doing -- there's many spots, we are going to have positive patient day growth. And internally Ron and Terry, their goal is to do 7.5% same-store revenue growth. Their goal hasn’t changed. Our outlook to the investors has changed. We are still very much internally got high expectations from our folks and with good execution maybe, we just have to wait and see how they turn out. 
Adam Feinstein – Barclays Capital:  Okay. Thank you. 
Operator:  We will take our next question from David Bachman with Longbow Research. Please go ahead. 
David Bachman – Longbow Research: Yeah thanks for the chance to ask a follow-up question, I forgot to get in earlier again just on the commercial HMO, private pay bucket, pretty stable as a percent in net revenue but as a percent of AR for 2008 it's up to 41% versus 36% last year, just want to understand what's driving that?
Brent Turner: David there is a number of various things driving it but the primary thing was our acquisition of UMC. Most of their AR fell into that category. 
David Bachman – Longbow Research: Okay thanks.
Operator: We'll take our last question today from Jeff Englander with Standard & Poor's. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Englander – Standard & Poor's: Just one quick follow-up Joey contrasting your expansion of your bed plans at the beginning of '08 in the beginning of '09 given the softness you're seeing is there any changes you've made because of that softness in the roll out plans?
Joey Jacobs: No the -- we did go back and re-challenged all the construction projects that we had. And they stand on their own merits that, in that individual market we think the opportunity to grow into those beds is there. And so we did do that we did go back and challenged those in the fourth quarter and so no, Holly hill, as I mentioned before, Rolling Hills which actually started accepting patients in January after a pretty good start there too, so no the new beds that we're building our facilities that needed those new beds. 
Jeff Englander – Standard & Poor's: Great, thanks very much. 
Operator: And this will conclude today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Jacobs I'll turn the conference back over to you for closing comments. 
Joey Jacobs: Sure absolutely thank you. Fourth quarter was a disappointment there was two unusual adjustments and due to the economic environment and patient day growth, we did revise our guidance. But I'm still very optimistic about 2009 can be a terrific year for PSI. Our guidance will show a 17% to 21% earnings per share growth for the year, even with the lower guidance. There are 24,000 employees in this company working very hard today to deliver great quality care and to meet our financial targets. And I trust them believe in them, and it's up to us to execute and hopefully the economy does get better. And so, we are positioned for our strong 2009. And we look forward to talking to you all at the end of the first quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Filton - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers Justin Lake - UBS Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse Shelly Knoll - Goldman Sachs Erik Chiprich - BMO Capital Markets Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group Company Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America Jason Gurda - Bear Stearns A. J. Rice. - Merrill Lynch Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Company David Bachman - Longbow Research Jeff Englander - Standard & Poor's Dawn Brock - JP Morgan Securities
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the Universal Health Services third quarter 2008 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Filton, you may begin your conference.
Steve Filton: Thank you. Good morning. I am Steve Filton. Alan Miller, our CEO, is traveling this morning, and due to some logistical difficulties could not join us. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2008. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income per diluted share of $0.73 for the quarter, representing a 14% increase over the adjusted net income per diluted share earned during the third quarter of 2007, as calculated on the supplemental schedules included with last night’s press release. We earned $3 per diluted share during the nine months ended September 30, 2008, representing a 29% increase over the adjusted net income per diluted share earned during the first nine months of 2007. During this conference call, I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. I would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. Revenues for the third quarter increased 7% over the prior year's quarter. Exclusive of the impact of new facilities, most notably Centennial Hills in Las Vegas, and the revenues related to a construction management contract, revenues have increased by 5%. On a same-facility basis in our Acute Care division, revenues increased 2.5% during the third quarter of 2008. The increase resulted primarily from a 3.7% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. Admissions to our hospitals-owned for more than a year were down 0.8% for the quarter. In the Las Vegas, Nevada market, although the opening of the Centennial Hills has negatively impacted our same-store admissions comparisons to the extent it cannibalized some volume from our existing facilities, the better than expected operating results at Centennial Hill, contributed to a greater than 10% increase in total admissions in the market during the third quarter of 2008, over the comparable quarter of 2007. In addition, as we have previously disclosed, newly constructed capacity at the physician-owned in McAllen, Texas; opened during the fourth quarter of 2007, unfavorably impacting our admissions in that market. We define operating margins as operating income or net revenue less salaries, wages and benefits, other operating expenses, supplies expense and provision for doubtful accounts divided by net revenues. On a same-facility basis, operating margins for our Acute Care hospitals decreased to 11.8% during the third quarter of 2008 from 12.6% during the third quarter of 2007. The margin decline resulted primarily from the slightly negative admission growth, and increases in uncompensated care expense. Our Acute Care hospitals provided charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates amounting to $154 million and $148 million during the three-month periods ended September 30, 2008 and 2007. Even adjusting for certain re-classes between charity care and other discounts, the percentage of net revenue, bad debts, charity expense and the uninsured discount in the third quarter were at levels higher than those we experienced for the third quarter of 2007. On a same-facility basis, revenues in our Behavioral Health division increased 9.5% during the third quarter of 2008. This increase resulted from increased patient volumes and an increase in revenue per adjusted patient day. Admissions to our Behavioral Health facilities owned for more than a year increased 8.5% during the third quarter, and patient days increased 3.9%. Revenue per adjusted day rose 5.3% during the third quarter of 2008 over the comparable prior year quarter. Operating margins for our Behavioral Health hospitals owned for more than a year increased to 23.7% during the quarter ended September 30, 2008, as compared to 22.3% during the comparable prior year period. Our cash flow from operating activities was approximately $197 million during the third quarter of 2008, as compared to $164 million in the third quarter of 2007. At September 30th, 2008, our ratio of debt-to-total capitalization was 38% and the ratio-to-debt to EBITDA was 1.69. We spent $84 million on capital expenditures during the third quarter. Included in our capital expenditures were the equipment costs related to the new 165-bed Centennial Hills Hospital in Las Vegas that opened in January, and construction costs related to a new 171 bed hospital in Palmdale, California that is scheduled to be completed and opened in 2009. In Las Vegas, we are also underway with a major bed tower expansion of our Summerlin Hospital and in California; we are in the process with a major expansion of emergency room, imaging and women's services to our Southwest Health Care campuses in Riverside County, California. I am pleased to answer questions at this time.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from Adam Feinstein.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. Just, maybe to starting with Las Vegas, I assume I heard that the numbers that you highlighted before, as you said with Centennial Hills but to a 10% increase in total volumes but on a same-store basis. I just wanted to make sure, I got the right number?
Steve Filton: Sure. I didn’t give the same-store number but on a same-store basis the Vegas admissions were up modestly better than our overall Acute Care performance but, obviously still depressed somewhat by the Centennial cannibalization.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: As we think of that kind of EBITDA growth or EBIT growth for Vegas, just wanted to figure out if margins moved higher in other quarter? So if admissions were up slightly was EBITDA up slightly as well?
Steve Filton: No I think, over all profitability was relatively flat meaning that their operating margins were down slightly. I think as we would expect with the opening of the Centennial, clearly our operating margins in Vegas prior to the opening of Centennial were better than our average Acute Care operating margins. Once Centennial opens, even though Centennial was very slightly EBITDA positive in the third quarter, it clearly drags the margins of the market down. Again, I think those are dynamics that we saw when we opened Spring Valley in late 2004 or 2003, I'm not remembering exactly, but I think what we saw is within four or five quarters of its opening its margins and the margins of the market got back to normalized level and we would expect the same with Centennial early in 2009.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay. All right and just one more question on Vegas. Clearly it seems like you guys are holding a pretty well even with the economy being some what tough out there. So it seems like your market share growth is not really helping. What else are you guys doing out there? Are there opportunities to cut costs? Are there still some pricing opportunities? Curious as how you guys are thinking about weathering the storm in terms of how we should think about that important market?
Steve Filton: I mean in fairness, Adam, I don't know that we are doing, our approach in Las Vegas is wholly different and then it is everywhere else. Our volumes as we discussed with your sort of opening comments and questions are actually holding up fairly well. So, it's difficult to cut expenses in a very significant way.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Sure.
Steve Filton: We are seeing, again as we have seen throughout the portfolio, little bit in the third quarter, some incremental decline in payer mix quality. There's not a ton that we can do about that, beyond what we are already doing in terms of upfront collections etcetera. So, I mean the interesting dynamics in Vegas are all negative statistics. It's leading the nation and foreclosure rates, unemployment is higher than the national average, but the absolute amount of employed people in the market has remained relatively steady, which mean that, I think people continue to move into the market, perhaps not at the same rate as was happening a year ago, but there's definitely a positive population growth factor in the market, and I think that's helping us support overall volumes. As I said earlier, I mean I think we'll benefit just as Centennial continues to ramp up, its margins will improve to market wide margins as we experienced with Spring Valley, and I think that will all be helpful as that occurs.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay. My final question just on the psychiatric side, things were very strong on the quarter. Just curious to get your thoughts in terms of what was driving that and how much of a benefit you guys would have received in the quarter from new beds?
Steve Filton: I mean, actually, the amount of incremental new beds in the quarter was relatively small. We don't add beds ratably, so we had a fair amount, a couple hundred added in the first half of the year, not too many in the third quarter. We'll add some more in the fourth quarter. But we are still benefiting from beds that have been added over the last few years, and again, we had 9.5% same-store revenue growth. We have talked about a sustainable number being in the 6% to 8%. So obviously, we are exceeding our own expectations there. At those levels we would expect and we did improve margins. I think if we continue to sustain that kind of growth for even a couple of quarters we'll continue to expand margins. Demand in that business continues to grow. Pricing holds steady. Probably the single greatest risk in the behavioral business is the threat of Medicaid price reductions investment in various states. We have seen some already, but obviously even to the degree we have seen some, our pricing is holding up fairly well. Results in that business, I would say, seem to be proving to be if not recession proof, certainly fairly recession resistant.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you, Steve. I appreciate the detail.
Steve Filton: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Lake.
Justin Lake - UBS: Thank, good morning. Just a couple of questions on the volumes first. Steve, can you f walk us through the trajectory of volume growth, monthly for the third quarter and then maybe give us an update on October?
Steve Filton: I think as we had discussed in various conferences, etcetera during the quarter before our quiet period, it was a little bit of a volatile quarter. It started off in a fairly, normal way in July. August volumes were quite weak. I don't know if that was a function and just of the calendar, but then volumes rebounded in September, and finished as you can see obviously slightly down from where we were in the first half of the year but not terribly off. October also started off a little bit soft, but seems to be strengthening as the month goes on and my sense is we'll finish October with same-store volumes, that are relatively as good as if not a little better than the third quarter comparisons. Let me just make a couple of comments. I think we touched on this before. We've disclosed previously that we've seen a significant decline in volumes in the McAllen market mostly OB related volumes since the fourth quarter of '07. We attribute somewhere between 100 and 150 basis points of overall volume decline to that change. That change will anniversary at the end of the third quarter and so we'll get back to the same-store numbers in the McAllen market beginning in the fourth quarter. And then the Centennial cannibalization, we estimate its worth about 50 basis points. So our general sense is that rather than a 0.8% decline that we report, actual admission growth throughout the portfolio is more like 1.5% or so for the quarter, Which is still a little bit less than it was in the first half of year but not really too bad. I think once we anniversary McAllen in next quarter and we anniversary Centennial in the first quarter of '09, we will start to get back to hopefully the 2% to 3% same-store admission growth that we have really kind of been basing our models on.
Justin Lake - UBS: That's helpful. And can you kind of walk us through the inpatient volumes by payer type which was a big help in the first half of the year and may be moderate it a little bit. Can you just give us those numbers volumes by commercial versus Medicare, Medicaid and uninsured?
Steve Filton: Sure. So we discussed, I think in fairly a great detail in the first two quarters, that one of the things that drove our outsize and better than expected performance in the first half of the year was the fact that our commercial volumes were rising faster than our overall volumes and our uninsured volumes in the first half of the year were rising a little slower than overall volumes. I think what we saw in the third quarter was a bit more of a reversion of all volumes to the mean; and all of our volumes seem to sort of track fairly consistently. So Managed Care volumes were going up at about the same rate as overall volume, uninsured were going up at about the same rate. As a result, you can see that clearly in the decline in revenue per adjusted admission was down to 3.7% from a number that was in the 6% to 7% range in the first half of the year.
Justin Lake - UBS: Steve, what does that mean for next year? Can you give us an idea of what we think about '09 and its little early to give guidance, but with all of those, with little benefiting in the first quarter and first half benefiting significantly from what seems like a significant payer mix shift to the positive. Can you give us an idea of what kind of headwind that will create as far as earnings growth for the first half of '09?
Steve Filton: When I think that, we have sort of thought about our Acute Care model for some time now. The sustainable model being same-store admission growth in the 2% to 3% range and same-store pricing growth in the 4% to 5% range and obviously I think that $64,000 question for us and for the industry is to what degree those metrics might be impacted by deepening recession. Will we see lower commercial volumes? Will we see more uncompensated care? Will we see so more uncompensated care? Will we see some greater pressure on elective or discretionary procedures? I think that we saw incremental effects of that in the third quarter, but not terribly significant and to be honest, part of why we don’t normally give guidance during this quarter. We normally give this in our fourth quarter call. But partly why we wouldn't do it in this year is trying to get a better sense of really how confident we are in those metrics that I just outlined and how much we think it is likely that they will be affected by the overall and overarching economic conditions.
Justin Lake - UBS: Okay. Just a last question on cash flow, I think you bought back a lot or paid down a lot of debt in the quarter. But given where the stock is now versus where it was in the third quarter, can you give us an idea of what your capacity would be as far as share repurchases and what you are thinking there as far as how aggressive you want to be once, and let us know when the window opens for you to start buying back again? Thanks.
Steve Filton: Sure. I do - I will make one point as somebody did ask me this question earlier today about why we were not more active acquirers of our own stock in the third quarter. And I just reminded somebody that when we entered our quiet period in mid September our stock was trading in the mid-60s. So, over the last six weeks as our stock valuation has declined considerably along with everybody else, we have been unable to buy shares because we were in our quiet period. Our quiet period will end two days after the press release. We certainly have not made any commitments about how we are going to spend our free cash, but we do have slightly less than 4 million shares under previous buy-back authorizations. With our stock trading, depending on how you want to look at it, but somewhere in the 4.5 to 5 times EBITDA range. I would say that it is hard to imagine. We will find a lot of other opportunities to buy other earnings streams at more economic prices. So, certainly share buy-backs are going to be something we are going to look at and consider very carefully in the fourth quarter and going forward.
Justin Lake - UBS: Great. Thanks a lot, Steve.
Steve Filton: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Gallucci.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. First, Steve, I guess I'm not sure if I missed it there, but did you comment on guidance at all?
Steve Filton: No, we did not mention guidance in the press release. I thought that it was made clear that we were simply reiterating the guidance that we've given at the end of the second quarter, but I'm glad you asked the question because clearly some people were a little confused. So, we are simply reiterating the guidance we have given at the end of the second quarter which was 380 to 390 for 2008.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: You can never be too careful in this market. So, obviously relative to consensus you were a little bit lower in the quarter, can you comment at all how you were versus your internal budget in the quarter and thinking and sort of how you are think about the fourth quarter then as a matter of perspective?
Steve Filton: Sure. I mean again, before our quiet period began in mid September and a couple of times that we spoken, the third quarter we obviously note that we don't give quarterly guidance but intimated that our own internal projections were generally lower than the street in the third quarter and higher than the street in the fourth quarter. We actually met and frankly exceeded our third quarter internal expectations by a couple of pennies and again to be purposely honest with you I have not checked recently given all of the volatility, but at least a month ago or so our own internal expectations for the fourth quarter were a little higher than the streets.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. On Medicaid you mentioned before, obviously there's some risk there given state economies. Can you talk about anything that's on the table right now in the states that are meaningful to you and maybe also remind us in order of magnitude what the couple of top states are in terms of your Medicaid exposure specifically?
Steve Filton: Sure. Well I think the good news is that our state with the number one Medicaid exposure is Texas. It is primarily acute care exposure in that state. The good news is that amongst the 50 states, Texas is generally ranked among the highest in terms of its economic performance and lowest in terms of budget pressures and budget shortfalls. Texas has talked little about needing to do any budget cutbacks and in fact while we haven't seen our Medicaid rates and disproportionate in dollars finalized for the fiscal year beginning that actual began in September of 2008. Our general sense is that we are doing pretty well and we'll do pretty well from a Texas Medicaid perspective. The states that follow that in order of exposure or maybe not necessarily exactly in this order but California, Florida, Nevada, every one of those states has implemented Medicaid cuts, all I think in July of '08. We have commented before that each of those states have an impact, the cuts in each of those states have an impact of a couple of million dollars a year annually each. At least California and Nevada have talked about going back and having special legislative sessions and taking another crack at further budget cuts, presuming that, again their order in the same order of magnitude, you have a sense of how meaningful that is to us. Obviously, we have a lot of Medicaid exposure in a lot other states. Most of the other states its behavioral exposure. There have been a lot of states that have looked at their Medicaid budgets. Some have implemented cut backs. I don’t think anywhere else that is either had Medicaid cut backs or contemplating them will prove to be individually material. Obviously, from a cumulative perspective if 25 states go back and cut Medicaid pricing, it’s likely to have an impact on us, but not in sort of way that if Texas went and implemented a 10% Medicaid reductions.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot, Steve.
Steve Filton: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Thanks, morning. So, just going back to the pricing, you mentioned obviously a big drop off on the Acute Care side of the business and you talked a little bit about payer mix contributing to that decline or that deceleration. Can you maybe just talk about acuity mix in the quarter if there's anything there?
Steve Filton: Ralph, I think our acuity mix has been pretty stable and as we looked at it in the third quarter it seemed to be within about a hundred or two hundreds of where it has been running in the first six months. So we are not sensing any significant change in acuity.
Ralph Giacobbe- Credit Suisse: So, I think for the first half of the year it was up a couple of percentage points in terms of the acuity mix.
Steve Filton: Yeah.
Ralph Giacobbe- Credit Suisse: So that sustained in the third quarter?
Steve Filton: Well, it is like my same comment about payer mix. I think you kind of reverted back to the mean in the third quarter maybe dropped down those couple of hundred of points that we saw rise in the first-half. It dropped a little, back down to sort of where we have been running in the third quarter, but nothing terribly material.
Ralph Giacobbe- Credit Suisse: Okay. Was there any material hurricane impact for the quarter?
Steve Filton: No. I mean we had a few hurricanes come by in facilities in Florida and Texas. I don't think that certainly in any one market it was material, probably measured more in the hundreds of thousands, rather than millions of dollars and even cumulatively I would have to say I don't think it was material.
Ralph Giacobbe- Credit Suisse: Okay. Then just in terms of going back to the margins, same-facility margins obviously saw a little bit of a decline both sequentially and year-over-year. I guess, is there something that we should think about that maybe skewed that number or is this, is that the type of sort of margin we should expect if volumes sort of maintain in kind of a flattish range?
Steve Filton: I think it is absolutely the function of having same-store acute revenue rise by 2.5%. I think it is very difficult to have margin expansion at those levels. I think our hope as we move forward is that both volumes and payer mix could improve a little bit. Again back too the metrics, I think, I outlined when in answering Justin's question before. I think it will level of say 2% to 3% same-store admission growth, which is a level we've sustained for most of the last four, five years, and 4% to 5% pricing growth, which again is a level that we've sustained for most of the past four, five years. I think we ought to be able to have margin expansion or certainly keeping margins at least steady. I think the reason you didn't see it in the third quarter was we fell short of both those metrics by at least just a little bit.
Ralph Giacobbe- Credit Suisse: Okay. My last one. Going back to sort of use of cash, it sounds like share repurchase would be a top priority if the shares held in at these types of levels, but I think last quarter you talked about – you were talking more about acquisitions and there was a sort of fairly large number of players out there looking to acquire. My guess is that number is significantly down now. Can you maybe talk about if you have seen anything, maybe early but in term of where valuations are out there in terms of acquisitions? How much that dried up just given the market?
Steve Filton: Sure. I mean, I think you captured our mood correctly Ralph. We were fairly active acquirer of our own shares in the first quarter of this year, and then after that we said, we were going to take a breather and take a look at the M&A market. We certainly were conscious of the fact that credit markets were tightening at that point. We thought that being as to how we are, we were in pretty good shape and that the tightening of the credit markets would cause not-for-profits to struggle a little more than they have been over the last few years, and would cause them perhaps to think more about potential sale alternatives. It would eliminate some of our more highly levered competitors from participating in that M&A process, which has been fairly competitive over the last few years. The reason, I am a little less enthusiastic about those opportunities today is obviously public valuations of hospital companies which have come down dramatically, and my experience in history shows that those sorts of changes in valuation don't necessarily percolate their way to the not-for-profit sector quite as quickly. I am just guessing and it is purely a guess at this point that there's going to be an expectation gap between what sellers think their EBITDA streams are worth as they go to sell them and what we or others might be willing to pay and so that’s why, I suggested in a response earlier that at 4.5 or 5 times EBITDA, at least in my own mind, its going to be hard for us to find other opportunities, again more attractive or more compelling than our own shares.
Ralph Giacobbe- Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Steve Filton: We are certainly open to it, but -- and that's just my gut reaction.
Operator: The next question is from Mathew Borsch.
Shelly Knoll - Goldman Sachs: Hi. This is Shelly Knoll on for Matt Borsch, just a quick question, Steve if I could on Las Vegas. Can you confirm that you are taking market share from your competitors in Las Vegas or what is driving the 10% growth?
Steve Filton: Well, yes, Shelly, I think clearly, there is publicly reported data out there. I am sure there are a number of sources we use in Telemed data and I think the Telemed data shows that we took a significant amount of market share when Sierra terminated their contract with HCA back at the end of 2006. I think even since then we've really seen our market share continue to increase, obviously a little bit more incrementally, but every quarter since then we have continued to take additional market share. Now the gap which for many, many years was very small between our market share and HCA, is now probably a good 10 percentage points.
Shelly Knoll - Goldman Sachs: And do you see that opportunity continuing to present itself, can you see further market share from here?
Steve Filton: You know, again I think that the growth of Centennial and the continued ramp up of Centennial will help us. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we are doing some major expansion, the third major expansion of our Summerlin facility in its ten-year history. I think volumes at Summerlin at the moment are depressed a little bit because of all of the construction activity on the campus, but I think it will l be helpful. I mean, think essentially we're really doing all of the capacity expansion in the market and so I do think that will help us to at least try and increase our market share. Obviously our competitors are certainly going to work hard to keep market share but I do think we are very well positioned in the market.
Shelly Knoll - Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks. Just one follow-up if we think about margin expansion or pressure. If we do see admission slow down from here, can you talk a little bit about fixed versus variable cost especially in the SG&A and other operating expense line?
Steve Filton: Again Shelly, I think that we run what is largely a fixed and semi-fixed cost business. And so like in the first half of the year we saw the positive leverage that one gains from that when you have same-store revenue growth in the Acute division in the sort of 65 to 7% range and in the Behavioral division at the 8% to 9% range. You saw how much operating leverage there is in the first half of the year with expanding margins etcetera. In fairness, you have the same dynamic working the other way. If you can't have some modest same-store admission growth and some descent pricing growth, which is not generally been a challenge in the last few years, you're going to have trouble. We certainly have efforts underway at every one of our hospitals that is facing some either volume or payer mix softening, to look at any cost that we can to reduce or try and eliminate. But in fairness it is not like we have a universe of variable costs that can easily be cut. There's a certain amount of supply costs that is easily associated with every incremental patient and there's a small amount of salary expense, that's clearly incremental but after that it becomes a lot more challenging.
Shelly Knoll - Goldman Sachs: Yeah. Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erik Chiprich. Your queue line is open.
Erik Chiprich - BMO Capital Markets: Just want to see, if you could, give the breakdown on the $154 million, how much was charity care and versus the uninsured discount?
Steve Filton: I will find that. If you have any other questions want to go ahead.
Erik Chiprich - BMO Capital Markets: I sure do, thanks. I was curious on the pricing side, can you talk a little bit about managed care rate, renegotiations? What percentage is done for 2009? When does 2010 start and what kind of rates are you seeing or would you expect to see?
Steve Filton: Sure. Well, a couple of things. I think that the vast majority of our contracts for 2009 are fixed at this point. I am guessing, I don't actually have the information in front of me but I am guessing somewhere between probably a quarter and third of our rates for 2010 are fixed. I think from a managed care pricing perspective, the environment remains very positive, we've talked about getting managed care pricing rates in the 6% to 8% range for some time now and I think we'd been on the high-end of that range for a while now, and again, I don't necessarily see that changing as we move forward. I certainly think that managed care companies will attempt to control utilization and reduce medical costs in other ways, but I think pure contractual pricing is not likely to be a pressure point. Let me also just give you those numbers while I have them in front of me Eric. So charity care for the quarter was $123 million, and the uninsured discount was $31 million.
Erik Chiprich - BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks. Could you talk a little bit on the supply expense as a percent of revenue that looks like that was flat year-over-year. And I think, you guys have entered into a new group purchasing agreement. I want to see if there's still room for savings there or kind of what was offsetting that in the quarter if acuity was kind of holding steady?
Steve Filton: We entered into a new group purchasing organization arrangement in April of 2008. I think we have benefited from that to the tune of probably a couple of million dollars in each of the second and third quarters. As I look at operating expenses broadly, meaning salaries, supplies, other operating expenses in the third quarter, exclusively of bad debt expense they rose about 3.5% per day. And I think that's pretty good. And I don't know that we can do a whole lot better than that. So, this sort of gets back to Shelly's previous question, the reality is the way you get operating leverage is with more volume a little better pricing but in term of sort of absolute costs, 3.5% per day increase in cost is going be hard to better.
Erik Chiprich - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. That's helpful. Just one last bigger picture question. I was wondering if you can just discuss what is different in this recession versus the last recession in your opinion that would make volumes fall greater or be more resilient?
Steve Filton: Well, first of all, Erik I mean you are asking me to be smarter than most in terms of telling you exactly what this recession is going to be like. I certainly am not sure that I am nearly that smart. I would say though the one difference that I see, between this and the recession in 2000-2001, is that in those intervening five or six years from a hospital provider perspective, we've seen a dramatic decline in the number of people who have health insurance through their employer. Either there are far less people who have it through their employer and those that have it, certainly have responsibility for a much larger share of the hospital bill, meaning they have higher co-pays and deductibles. So, I do think it is possible that as we enter into this recession, that the amount of incremental impact from having people lose their health insurance from their employer or have less health insurance to their employer may be less than it was in the last recession just because I think the underlying market infrastructure and benefit plan infrastructure has changed some. I think I've mentioned this to many people who I've talked to, like in the Las Vegas market where a lot of the weakness in that market at least initially was in the construction trades and the construction industry. Our own operating folks have said to me, they don't necessarily view that as incrementally impactful to them, only because these are people who for the most part didn’t have health insurance through their employers anyway. So if they got laid off the incremental impact on us was not going to be wholly different. Again, I'm not smart enough, Erik to tell you how that dynamic translates into what we might expect to happen on compensating care or what we might expect to happen to volumes. But I do see that as the one significant change from the last recession that we went through six or seven years ago.
Erik Chiprich- BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks for the perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Lieberman.
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group Company: Thanks. Good morning. It sounds like you have about 144 million of potential stock you could buy back, the number of other capital budgets, can you just remind us on the credit lines that you have available, that you might, you would be willing to use to potentially repurchase the stock?
Steve Filton: Well, again, Gary I'm not going to make any commitments about what we might repurchase or not but at the end of the quarter we had at least $0.5 billion, $500 million of unused credit facility either under our revolver or under our commercial paper facility. We have approximately $1 billion under those facilities and only about half borrowed maybe little bit less in that at the quarter.
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group Company: Do you think you are likely heard or not you likely but your potential willingness to use it has changed at all in the tighter credit market?
Steve Filton: We've talked about these dynamics before, certainly one of our overarching goals is to keep a close eye on our investment grade credit rating. We feel frankly more comfortable than ever that we have worked hard to keep that investment grade rating and I think we would be reluctant to give it up in this environment, because I think this is the argument we have made all along, that the difference between the investment grade credit and a non investment grade credit is generally meaningful. It hasn't necessarily been meaningful over the last few years, but over the long-term it has been meaningful and I think in this market is now become very meaningful again. So we are going to be anxious to watch that. Other than that, like I said we will evaluate share buyback opportunities versus any other opportunities that come along both in terms of internal and external development. But we feel good about the fact that because of relatively de-levered position we have a lot of flexibility and this is why we have always kept that sort of de-levered position to afford us this sort of flexibility and we think it is going pay off now.
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group Company: Are there any thoughts on how much of the revolver you would have to tap before you would risk the investment grade credit rating?
Steve Filton: The problem, Gary as I am sure you can appreciate is in this market what you thought of as your operating metrics under your rating agency agreements or rating agency reviews, a week ago maybe different than they are today. So, it's a very fluid situation. So I'd be reluctant to sit here today and say, we know we could borrow this much and not lose our investment grade rating. So, it is something we'll work closely with the rating agency, and we will watch the credit markets very closely. But again, I think at the end of the day we will have a fair amount of flexibility and view that as a very positive thing.
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group Company: A quick follow up. You have talked about I guess, a number of the pressures that potentially you could see because of the economy. On the flip side can you talk about any potential benefits you have either seen or might potentially see, and obviously, has your access to labor improved or have any commodity cost or anything else had any material benefit on you so far?
Steve Filton: Sure. Well, again, I'll go back what I was saying to Erik was that our operating costs even in a relatively soft volume environment, we are only up about 3.5% per day. And I think, as you I think sort of intimated in your question, that's probably a function of the fact that we have seen a little pressure relieved from our labor costs, which I think is sort of typical of a recessionary environment. We have seen supply costs really now for a couple of years after going through a few years of a lot of pressure on particularly our high-end cardiology and orthopedic supplies, we have seen supply costs have ease off, even before we switched our GPOs. So I think we see that sort of thing. I think we will see as you often do in a recessionary environment as well, some easing up of competition. We have seen a huge amount of capital investment from our not-for-profit peers over the last few years and I certainly believe that that level of spending will decline. I think we will see some of these niche providers, small physician-owned entities suffer some, if we see pressure on volumes or payer-mix. So, there are some advantages to being a strong, solid player in a difficult environment and we certainly think we're positioned to enjoy those advantages as we go through what I'm sure will be a challenging, at least few next few quarters.
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group Company: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darren Lehrich.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: A couple of questions.. I just wanted to ask you a little bit more about your 2009 budgeting process. Maybe if you just step back a little bit for us and give us a sense for where you are in that process, how you see it being different than the prior years, just given the economic backdrop and want to hear from you guys how you are approaching your budgets any differently.
Steve Filton: Well, we've just started the process. Our budget cycle really starts at the end of October, goes through November and early December. Almost through the holidays. It's interesting, Darren, I mean I think, what we ask our operating folks to do is obviously to tell us what they're seeing in their markets in terms of economic conditions, how it is affecting physician practices and what I was saying, just Gary, in terms of the competition and how they're being impacted by the weakening economy. But again it's a lot to ask, I was saying to Erik before, it's a lot to ask me to project what the impact of this recession going to be on the company. I think it's a lot to ask an individual hospital CEO or CFO to really factor through what they think is going to happen to volumes and payer mix in their markets. We do ask the question, we try and get the best read that we can and then I think we'll sit down as we accumulate and consolidate and compile all of our budgets and try to make some judgments, at a macro level in terms of how realistic and how accurate those projections are. It gets back to what I was saying though before, we would certainly love to have a couple more of months of operating results under our belt to have a better feel for it ourselves before we make those projections for next year.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: And just to get inside your head and maybe senior management, you've heard what your local operators have to say and what they're seeing I mean, what kinds of things do you think you will be challenging differently in this cycle? I just want to get a sense for, how you might be seeing the world differently than what your local folks might be seeing?
Steve Filton: It is like the movie Being John Malkovich, I don't think you really want to get inside my head. I mean again I think what you get from our local operators is sort of a lot of anecdotal stories about physicians talking about, seeing some slowing down of activity in their offices. Obviously, in every market we'll get stories of some amount of disruption in the market in terms of layoffs etcetera. And obviously, that varies market-by-market.  We've talked about kind of feeling that pinch now for a good three or four quarters in the Florida market, but not so much in Texas. We felt the payer mix decline, I think a little bit more acutely in California in the third quarter than we have felt it before. But not so much from a volume perspective in those California markets. So, it's again, every market sort of has a little bit different narrative. Obviously, it is hard to find a market anywhere that’s untouched by what's happening. We are trying to take all of these separate and discreet data points and accumulate them in some meaningful way to come up with a more cohesive narrative and ultimately a cohesive budget and financial model for next year. So, this will be more challenging than in it is in a normal year, but everybody is very focused on it. I think the good news from the third quarter is that, despite all of the overarching disruption, our business continued along well at a relatively steady pace. We saw a little weakness in the Acute business there, we made up for in Behavioral and lower capital cost or interest but generally the business remained steady in the third quarter.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Right. Two more quick items, please. The other segment where we have these management contracts, I guess that was a little bit higher than what we were looking for. Can you just give us a sense for how long that new contract lasts, if its more than one, if you could just identify that and then I guess the pass through cost. We should those going forward at the other OpEx line; is that correct?
Steve Filton: Also I think in the third quarter that was about roughly $25 million or so of other revenues and $22 million of other operating expenses in $2 million or $3 million the EBITDA associated essentially with one construction management contract, we had maybe we had a little bit of profit as we closed out the first contract that we had. Right now that's all we have, is this one ongoing contract. We continue to work to get some others but nothing firm at the moment. The one contract we do have probably continues in a material way for another material meeting at the revenue and expense line for another two or three quarters from an EBITDA perspective. I'm not sure that it's enough to move the needle in any of those quarters.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Sure. Great. Last thing for me here. Your comment about Vegas is that the earnings were it was roughly flat, the minority interest line that was, also, I guess it was a little it was pretty flat, actually down year-over-year. Can you just comment on GW and how that may have impacted that line item and this performance here?
Steve Filton: I think actually GW had a positive quarter. So I think that whatever weakness you see in our minority interest line other than the flat Vegas results is really just a function of the others sort of miscellaneous minority interest. We have a small minority interest in a hospital in Texas and then a bunch of surgery center ventures that we have probably a dozen or so and I think that business was off a little bit.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Very good. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Fishbeck
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Just want to follow-up a couple of things, you said about Vegas. How much capacity are you adding to Summerlin?
Steve Filton: Ultimately 140 beds, what we have added right now Kevin is a new emergency room doubling the capacity of our emergency room, but the bed tower itself won't be open until 2010 but it's 140 beds.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America: Okay and then you said that your competitors are not really building new capacity in the market right now?
Steve Filton: To the best of my knowledge there are no other, substantial capacity additions that are underway in the market.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America: Okay and then you talked a little about a negative payer mix shift in Las Vegas in the quarter. Was that the same as you are seeing in the other markets or is that better or worse than you are seeing in other markets?
Steve Filton: I think it was pretty comparable. It was again, I forget whose question I was answering when I said it, but I mean, I think we saw very strong commercial payer performance in Vegas in the first half of the year, very good in uncompensated care performance. I think both of those metrics would have gravitated more toward the mean in the third quarter. Meaning uncompensated care rose a little bit, commercial business came down a little bit. I think our experience in Vegas was pretty comparable to what it was throughout the portfolio.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America: Okay. When you talk about Centennial being flat or slightly positive in the quarter operationally. Does that net out the negative drag on the other hospitals or is that just an isolation?
Steve Filton: That just on a stand alone basis.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America: Then I guess Vegas is been a pretty big driver to the company historically and your 10% growth is a good number, but Centennial adds about 15%, 20% to your capacity in Vegas. At what point does the ramp up in Centennial get you to the kind of 15% to 20% increase in volumes? Is that end of the year, early next year? Give me a sense on that ramp up?
Steve Filton: Well I don't necessarily think that the Centennial's volumes will continue to improve, but the real impact of the ramp up is that as those volumes improve you will start to see Centennial just as Spring Valley did four year ago, start to gravitate towards the market operating margins. So I think the issue is, and I don’t have Centennials financial statements in front of me. But if they had 65 or 70 patients a day in the hospital in the third quarter, the point is that those 65 or 70 patients in Centennial were far less profitable than had those 65 or 70 patients been spread among our other facilities. Obviously that is a short-term dynamics, and as Centennial grows volume and continues to achieve operating efficiencies, then I think they will get to the operating margins that the other facilities in the market have. Again I remember having these exact same conversations when Spring Valley opened and our margins in the market came down and everybody got very nervous and we kept saying just give us three or four quarters, and you'll start to see those bounce back and I think it happened then and I believe it will happen again with Centennial.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America: Last question. If you look at bad debt at the company level, year-over-year it is up 80-90 basis points year-to-date. With the economy going the way it is, is there a reason to think you won't see a similar type increase going into 2009? Is there reason to think it might be better than that or might be worse than that? Is there anything, I guess, unusual going on in 2008, any reason to feel better about it in 2009?
Steve Filton: Well, two things. First of all, I think it is inappropriate, inappropriate is probably the wrong word, but its far more accurate to look at uncompensated care with all of the buckets together meaning bad debt, charity care, and uninsured discount. There's no question that when you look at all of those buckets together, we are probably 30-35 basis points higher than we would have expected in the third quarter. I think led to some of the pressure on the Acute care performance in the quarter. I think it is, naïve to assume that if we go through as it appears we're going to a relatively significant and somewhat prolonged recession that we won't continue to see those pressures. What I don't know, and this is what I was trying to say before, are those pressures going to be incremental the same as they were the last time we went through a recession? That I'm not sure about because I think that some of the very significant uncompensated care expense that we experienced in the last three or four years and as did all of our peers, I think may mute the incremental affect of this recession but, as people lose their jobs, there are clearly are going to people who'll lose their health insurance, after they exhaust co-pay benefits et cetera. I think that will prove to be somewhat of a challenge. I don't know that we are in a position, I don't know that anybody has been in a position to predict the precise impact of that.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America: Okay. Last question on the site business. Have you guys done any work about what mental health parity as it has been outlined might mean to you, I guess 2010 is when that really starts to kick in?
Steve Filton: The reality Kevin is, I think it's very difficult for us to do the work that you talk about, I think frankly the payers are in a much better position to know in essence, if they redesign their benefit plans to make behavioral benefits comparable to acute care benefits, how many more behavioral occurrences or treatments will be covered that weren't covered before? It is really impossible for us to know in essence how many patients we didn't treat because they didn't have insurance. I mean it's just not it's really not a number that we can have. I've seen difference to the macro analysis. Some project a fairly significant impact of mental health parity, others are more muted. We are clearly taking a wait and see attitude. Obviously demand for that business has been good without mental health parity. So mental health parity, I think can only be a help but it's just impossible for us to quantify that with any precision at this point.
Kevin Fishbeck - Bank of America: Okay. Makes sense, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Gurda
Jason Gurda - Bear Stearns: Hi, Steve. Most of my questions have been answered. I just want to see if you expected any change in CapEx trends for either in the fourth quarter and also '09?
Steve Filton: Well, I know Jason, I mean we went into '08 with the expectation that we spend $420 million to $425 million. We will spend considerably less than that. Certainly it looks like we are in the pace to spend more like $325 million in 2008. I do think some of that shortfall if you will or reduction is a shift into 2009, but I also think just given the economic environment we've just been more prudent about our spending as well. So, my guess is we will spend probably a little bit more in '09 than we did in '08 but not a significant amount more.
Jason Gurda - Bear Stearns: Okay great thank you, Steve.
Steve Filton: Take care.
Operator: Our next question comes from A. J. Rice.
A. J. Rice. - Merrill Lynch: Just a couple of quick questions. First of all, I wanted to make sure one thing you said I understand, you are down 80 basis points in Acute Care on a same-store basis, you said Centennial Hill probably cost you 50 basis points on that admissions number, and Centennial and McAllen OB exiting you would have been at 1.5. So is the McAllen costing you about 1% or even almost 1.5%? Is that right?
Steve Filton: I think I said that before. Yes, that's correct, I think maybe, somewhere between 100 and 150 basis points. The reason that we have identify that in the previous quarters and in this quarter too, is that it is a lot of volume we have lost, but frankly very little profitability. It was not very profitable business for us and as a result and I think I we have said this before I mean, McAllen's profitability is actually up in the quarter and up for the year and its performance has been a pleasant surprise in 2008. So we thought - we think is appropriate to sort of adjust those volumes because we don't think they're really reflective of softening of our profitability.
A. J. Rice. - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Y ou have commented already on the enviable position with your balance sheet right now, which still has about $950 million had debt. Anything, you are doing strategy wise relative to fixed versus floating, any comments on where you stand with that?
Steve Filton: So, our debts $950 million approximately of debt that we have, at the end of the third quarter, about $600 million of that are fixed rate bonds. Of the $350 million that is extensively floating, another $150 million is hedged through interest rate swops. So there’s a only about 20% of our debt is actually floating at the moment. We watch it everyday; we could clearly fix additional amounts of our debt at fixed rates. I think right now, the market sort of tells you that may not be the most prudent course. But we will follow that pretty carefully. We certainly don't feel like we have a great deal of interest rate exposure at this point.
A. J. Rice. - Merrill Lynch: Then just finally, you mentioned you're most likely inclined to use your free cash flow to buyback stock at the current price levels of your share. I am just curious on the non-profit side. Obviously, you would be a go-to person to get the call, if nonprofits are selling and given that you have got financial capacity right now. Are you seeing an increase in the number of inquiries you are getting regarding nonprofits that maybe you have faced in a credit squeeze?
Steve Filton: No. I wouldn't say, we are seeing an increase. I mean, there are clearly a couple of deals out there we have looked at. I mean, again I think, the challenge in the short-term and again I forget, whose question, I was answering before. But I think there is going to have to be some rationalization or management of expectations, as the equity markets have contracted. I think not for profit sellers, they are going to have to narrow their expectations of what their businesses and their EBITDA streams are worth. And my experience, it’s just been that takes a while. They go into a process thinking that their businesses worth X and if there has been a 40% decline in valuations in the equity markets, they are not adjusting for that So I am just guessing that it will take a while before buyers and sellers gravitate to what I would considered to be a more reasonable sort of market pricing mechanism. So, I am just thinking. In the interim is we are going to find our own stock to be pretty compelling value.
A. J. Rice. - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Kemp Dolliver.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Company: Hi thanks. Steve you are putting a lot of capital into riverside over the next year and I just want to get your perspective on how you are approaching that market given, I think, a lot of the economic statistics people look at and Las Vegas look almost as bad as riverside. So, are you in parts of riverside that [I would] say better than the average or how are you evaluating your expansion into that market now?
Steve Filton: Well, Kemp I think one of the overarching dynamics of the For-Profit business in general is that the companies are heavily invested in states like Florida, California, Nevada states that have been fast growing states and I think over the long term will continue to be fast growing states. The challenge in those places each one of them is that they are on the leading edge of the real estate weakness and the credit weakness. I think, what we think about more in riverside rather than sort of what the next few quarters look like is the reason we like riverside so much, as we just have a very strong franchise in that market. I mean in the market that we are in. Riverside County is a huge market. There are dozens and dozens of hospitals in Riverside County. But in the sort of Inland Empire market, which is where we are located. We have a very significant market share. We are expanding as I indicated in my prepared remarks with significant service expansion and I think our view you is that over time we are just very well positioned and the whole approach for UHS for the last 15 to 20 years has been to really capitalize on those sort of franchise positions, high market share presence in growing markets. I think, that Inland Empire market is exactly that kind of market. It maybe challenging for the next few quarters, but over the long term, we very much like our positioning in that market.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Company: All right. Then Steve, how about the ramp up of the new hospital there compared to say Centennial Hills and I know that this is a hospital that’s not going to open until the middle of next year. But in terms of say drag on EPS and the like, how would you compare it at this point?
Steve Filton: Just to clarify a little bit. Our new hospital in California is in Palm Dale, which is in northern L.A. County sort of the opposite direction from Riverside. It’s a replacement for our hospital in Lancaster, California. I mean as a replacement facility it doesn't have the same sort of startup drag that a brand new facility has. Certainly, we feel, we will move all of our business from the existing Lancaster Hospital over to Palm Dale, when it opens in, probably just about a year from now. But beyond that I think, we also think we take a significant market share certainly over time if not immediately from our one competitor, not For-Profit competitor in the market. The other sort of issue, we have is that in that market currently a lot of business migrates down to the metro L.A. area and we think with a brand new facility, state-of-the –art facility, we keep a lot of that business in the Palm Dale market. I think, we are aided by increasing gas prices and things that are going to have people just naturally want to stay closer to home. So, I don't think it’s as much a drag, a brand new startup by any means. The really question is how quickly we can gain market share when we open.
Kemp Dolliver - Cowen & Company: That’s great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Bachman.
David Bachman - Longbow: Thanks for as always for all the color and detail. Can you just provide a little bit more color on the bad debt in regards to co pays and deductibles and that patient responsibility, after insurance versus pure self-pay, any changes there, any kind of developments worth highlighting?
Research: Thanks for as always for all the color and detail. Can you just provide a little bit more color on the bad debt in regards to co pays and deductibles and that patient responsibility, after insurance versus pure self-pay, any changes there, any kind of developments worth highlighting?
Steve Filton: I don't know that I have enough good detailed information to tell you exactly what happened in the third quarter David. But clearly the trend there has been that we have seen over the last few years that insurance companies and that includes the government payers as well are responsible for less of the bills and individuals are responsible for more of it. Meaning there are individuals, who no longer have health insurance from a government or from a commercial insurer or they just have a bigger co pay and deductible. We have just seen those numbers increased fairly steadily over the last few years. We saw big increases in '05 and '06 less so the rate sort of declined a little bit in '07 and '08. Again I think that the wild card at the moment is what's going to happen to that rate in '09. I think absent or without a recession, we would have seen that rate of patient responsibility increase less or at a rate that again was relatively slowing in '09. But a recession may speed that up or accelerate it again. So that's I think, one thing we are waiting to see and watching pretty carefully.
David Bachman - Longbow: Okay. Great. And then just on pricing, I think you had mentioned a while ago maybe it was in response to Erik about that contractual rates may not be the issue as much as other sorts of backdoor efforts to try to control cost reutilization with commercial payers. And then we also have the recovery audits coming on line for everybody here soon. Can you just talk about sort of absence that top line rate increase. So how many basis points potentially are there, can you clarify it all what's at-risk from some of these other measures that if payers are just really clamping down on utilization and so forth?
Research: Okay. Great. And then just on pricing, I think you had mentioned a while ago maybe it was in response to Erik about that contractual rates may not be the issue as much as other sorts of backdoor efforts to try to control cost reutilization with commercial payers. And then we also have the recovery audits coming on line for everybody here soon. Can you just talk about sort of absence that top line rate increase. So how many basis points potentially are there, can you clarify it all what's at-risk from some of these other measures that if payers are just really clamping down on utilization and so forth?
Steve Filton: I think that's difficult to do in a precise way, David. I mean I do think and now let's put the economic pressures aside for a second. I mean, I think, we were headed into an environment, where the overarching seem in our industry over the next few years is clearly going to be an effort by payers of all kinds, meaning government and private payers to try and reduce their spending on healthcare costs. That will be done through all kinds of mechanisms. And I think the question is from a provider perspective, how well are you positioned to sort of weather that? How well are you positioned, that I think in some cases to partner with payers to help them control their costs in exchange. We are seeing more of their business. I think that the acute care hospitals in general and our acute care hospital specifically are probably better positioned than most. We are very focused on that. We are very conscious that employers and payers and the government are all looking to spend less money on healthcare and are looking for providers, who are providing the most cost efficient services and cooperating the most with them. And we are doing everything we can and it's probably a whole separate conversation, a lot of our efforts to position ourselves to be the most responsive providers and they are continuing to do that. But I think it’s very difficult to sort of precisely say okay, managed care companies, I have heard managed care companies a few of them say, look, we are going to try and reduce length of stay. If you were to say, I mean, what sort of impact will that have? I don’t know didn't have much of an impact in the third quarter. I think we saw length of stay go down by 1% over last year. But I don't exactly know what it’s going to be like in the future. But again, I think we are certainly focused on it. We are thinking about it and we are prepared to respond.
David Bachman - Longbow: Okay. Are you seeing those sorts of pressures or expect to see those sorts of pressures on both the behavioral and acute care side?
Research: Okay. Are you seeing those sorts of pressures or expect to see those sorts of pressures on both the behavioral and acute care side?
Steve Filton: Sure. I mean, I think that the reality is we saw probably 10 years, 12 years ago an enormous initiative on the part of again payers to reduce behavioral spending and they were quite successful. I think in terms of inpatient providers, the real crux of those measures, reducing length of stay, reducing the rate of inpatient admissions, we felt years ago, not to say that there is still not going to be some effort to do that. But, and I think that our growth in that business is reflective of the fact that those sort of savings are probably not available to the payers anymore in a very measurable way. So, I think we maybe a little bit more insulated on the behavioral side. But certainly, the behavioral spending piece of the pie is certainly less for all payers than it is for the acute care. So, I think, there is just some less pressure in that regard. But I think, we will see the same at least order of magnitude pressure on the behavioral side.
David Bachman - Longbow: Okay. Great. That's it from me. Thanks.
Research: Okay. Great. That's it from me. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Englander.
Jeff Englander - Standard & Poor's: Just a quick question, you talked a little bit about what's happening in Las Vegas and kind of inability with volumes there to do more sort of pre-qualifying on the AR front. I am wondering if you could give any color in terms of some of the other states particularly Florida and California, if you are doing anything differently and if you are seeing anything differently anecdotally there in terms of, what you are doing.
Steve Filton: No. Look, I think that the dynamics have been present for sometime. As we have mentioned a few times in this call as more of the responsibility for the ultimate bill shifts to the patient, we have shifted our focus to collecting those amounts from the patient. We do a lot more as you indicate to collect what we can upfront to understand the creditworthiness of the patient as they entered the hospital either in the emergency room or in an outpatient diagnostic setting to get amounts out to effective collection agencies where as quickly as possible where that’s appropriate. We have been doing all that. As by the way I think most providers are in all of our markets and all of our states and I think we will continue to do it. Look I think that our collection experience in the third quarter was very positive. We had a very strong collection quarter and cash quarter and I think that's a tribute to our operating folks obviously in a difficult environment. But it’s a reflection of all of these blocking and tackling things that have been on going for sometime.
Jeff Englander - Standard & Poor's: Are you seeing anything, you have mentioned people in Las Vegas, who typically had not had insurance. Since this has been going on for a while, are you seeing any sense that even people without insurance rather would put things off now or no longer at the point that some of these things can be put off and they are trying to find a way to get some things done or is it just none of that?
Steve Filton: Jeff again, as I responded to a previous question, it's difficult, I mean that makes intuitive sense. But when somebody comes to the hospital with gallbladder disease, we have no way of sort of going back through some review of our own records saying well this is somebody who really should have been treated six months ago but wasn't because of insurance issues etcetera. So, it all becomes kind of anecdotal. We don't have any real objective way or quantitative way of saying this is the impact of people, who have deferred care.
Jeff Englander - Standard & Poor's: All right. Thanks. We appreciate it.
Steve Filton:  Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dawn Brock.
Dawn Brock - JP Morgan Securities: Hi Steve. Just two quick questions on the behavioral healthcare business. You went over the acquisition environment for the hospitals. Could you just talk a little bit about the targets or the available targets out there on the pricing for the behavioral side of the business?
Steve Filton: I mean the behavioral business has been a bit more fragmented. There are more small entrepreneurial owners of individual facilities or very small multiple facility companies. We have obviously been more active in terms of the M&A on the behavioral side in the last few years then on the acute side. And my sense is that it’s going to continue although again I mean at the end of the day some of the same dynamics exist and that it's been a long time since we were able to buy behavioral earning streams at 4.5 or 5 times and I am not sure that sellers are going to be of that mindset. So we are just going to have to think hard about what's an appropriate valuation for any earning stream whether it's behavioral or acute given the environment over the last month and a half or so.
Dawn Brock - JP Morgan Securities: Right of course. Secondly there is a lot of [talking] in the market about the impact of the anniversary of the four year PPS phase and for the behavioral healthcare guys. Can you talk about your pricing outlook today with regard to that and the expected annual rate update from CMS?
Steve Filton: Sure. I mean we talked earlier in the call about sort of our underlying operating assumption as we move forward in the acute business. On the behavioral side, I think we have thought about the next three to five years span or time horizon to realistically include 3% to 4% volume growth and 3% to 4% pricing growth. Obviously, we have been beating those volumes metrics for sometime now. And I suspect we may beat them for another few quarters. Although again, as I look from a long term horizon, I think that 3% to 4% same store growth is realistic. Pricing wise, the 3% to 4% going forward presumes that we don't get the benefit we have had for the last four years from the Psych PPS. But it does assume that we get 3% to 3.5% market basket increases from Medicare. It assumes we do a little bit better on the managed care side. It assumes quite frankly that we don't get a lot of increases from our Medicaid payers at least for the next couple of years. So, I think that 3% to 4% pricing on the behavioral side again which we clearly beat in the third quarter is certainly realistic.
Dawn Brock - JP Morgan Securities: That’s excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Taylor.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup: Okay, good. Two quick questions, I don't think you gave the acute care bad debt number. Typically we can get that on the conference call.
Steve Filton: We will find it, acute care bad debt number. Do you have any other questions?
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup: My second question is also on the acute care side in terms of FTEs. How do you look sequentially and/or year-over-year ex-seasonality. Have you attempted to do anything with FTE count at all?
Steve Filton: No, and this is what I was saying before. I mean, certainly we prepared ourselves for some economic weakness and softer volumes and a little bit less favorable payer mix. I am not a hospital operator. So I'm going to be a little bit soft on the details. But I know that our operators are working in a lot of cases really reviewing the processes etcetera to try and see how we can best increase efficiencies with a little bit softer volumes a little bit less favorable payer mix etc cetera. I was just trying to be realistic in answering somebody's question before and saying that I do think what we can do is somewhat limited. I mean at the end of the day this is still largely a fixed and semi-fixed cost business. But I think that we can make some improvements around the edges. And then, Gary just our same-store acute care bed debt percentage was 12.5% for the quarter?
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup: And Centennial is the only one that's not in there, I think?
Steve Filton: That's correct.
Gary Taylor - CitiGroup: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Steve Filton: Okay. We thank everybody for their time and we look forward to speaking with everybody on our fourth quarter call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Alan B. Miller – President, Chief Executive Officer Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Gary Taylor - Citigroup Jason Gurda - Leerink Swann LLC Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Frank Morgan - Jeffries & Co. Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers David Beal - Morgan Stanley John Ransom - Raymond James Kemp Dolliver - SG Cowen Gary Leiberman - Stanford Research Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch Justin Lake - UBS David Bachman - Langbow Research Jeff Emander - Standard Imports Ralph Giacombi - Credit Suisse Shelly Knoll - Goldman Sachs & Co. 
Operator:  Good morning, my name is Hamilton and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the second quarter Universal Health 2008 earnings release (Operator instructions). Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Steve Filton. Sir, you may begin. 
Steve G. Filton:  Thank you, Hamilton. Good morning, I am Steve Filton. Alan Miller, our CEO is also joining us this morning and welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the second quarter, date June 30, 2008.  Hamilton, I think that static is from Mr. Miller’s line. Perhaps you can mute it until he is ready to answer a question. 
Operator:  Yes, sir. 
Steve G. Filton:  Thank you.  As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income per diluted share of $1.07 for the quarter, representing a 35% increase over the adjusted net income per diluted share earned during the second quarter of 2007 as calculated on the supplement schedules included with last night’s press release. Combined with our better than expected first quarter earnings, we earned $2.27 per diluted share during the six months ended June 30, 2008, representing a 34% increase over the adjusted net income per diluted share earned during the first six months of 2007.  During this conference call we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecast projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007.  We would like to highlight just a couple of developments in business trends before opening the call up to questions.  Revenues for the second quarter increased 8% over the prior year’s quarter. Exclusive of the impact of new facilities, most notably, Centennial Hills and Las Vegas, and the revenues related to a construction management contract whereby we have built a new hospital for unrelated third party, revenues have increased by 7%. A second, smaller construction management contract has recently commenced.  On a same-facility basis in our Acute Care division, revenues increased 7.6% during the second quarter of 2008. The increase resulted primarily from a 7% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. Admissions to our hospital owned for more than a year were up .8% for the quarter. In the Las Vegas/Nevada market, although the opening of the Centennial Hills Hospital has negatively impacted our same-store admissions comparisons to the extent that it cannibalized some of its volume from our existing facilities, the better-than-expected operating results at Centennial Hills contributed to a greater than 10% increase in total admissions in the market during the second quarter of 2008 over the comparable quarter of 2007.  Also, as we have previously disclosed, newly constructed capacity at the physician-owned hospital in McAllen, Texas opened during the fourth quarter of 2007, unfavorable impacted our admissions in that market. We define operating margins as operating income or net revenue less salaries, wages and benefits, other operating expenses, supplies expense and provision for doubtful accounts divided by net revenues. On a same-facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals increased to 14.6% during the second quarter of 2008 from 12.7% during the second quarter of 2007.  The margin improvement resulted from continued increases in commercial payer volumes and pricing, the favorable impact of our change in group purchasing organizations, and an increase in overall operating efficiencies. These favorable operating trends were manifested by increased margins in a variety of markets including our South Texas markets, Florida, Washington, D.C. and Las Vegas, Nevada.  Our Acute Care hospitals a charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates, amounting to 143 million during each of the three month periods ended June 30, 2008 and 2007. As a percentage of net revenue, bad debts, charity expense and the uninsured discount in the second quarter were consistent with those levels we experienced for full year 2007.  On a same-facility basis, revenues in our Behavioral Health division increased 7.8% during the second quarter of 2008. This increase resulted from increased patient volumes and an increase in revenue per adjusted patient day. Admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 8.5% during the quarter and patient days increased 3.1%. Revenue per adjusted day rose 5.1% during the second quarter of 1008 over the comparable prior year quarter.  Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year increased to 24.8% during the quarter ended June 30, 2008 as compared to 24.6% during the comparable prior year period.  Our cash flow from operating activities was approximately $67 million during the second quarter of 2008 as compared to 60 million in the second quarter of 2007.  At June 30, 2008, our ratio of debt to total capitalization was 40.6% and the ratio of debt to EBITDA was 1.95. We spent $75 million on capital expenditures during the second quarter. Included in our capital expenditures were the construction costs related to our new, 165-bed Centennial Hills Hospital in Las Vegas that opened in January. And a new, 171-bed hospital in Palm Dale, California that is scheduled to be completed and opened in 2009.  In California, we are also underway with a major expansion of emergency room, imaging and women’s services to our Southwest Healthcare campuses in Riverside County, California.  Our behavioral health facilities have operated at a very efficient 77% available occupancy rate for the first half of the year. We have multiple projects to add capacity to our busiest behavioral facility. We opened a total of approximately 70 new behavioral health beds during the second quarter and anticipate opening a total of 350 to 450 new beds in 2008.  In connection with the government’s on-going investigation of our south Texas health system, we have received notification that at this time, the government will not be pursuing criminal prosecutive action against the company or our south Texas health system. The Department of Justice is still investigation whether or not any individuals independently obstructed justice. The government is continuing its civil investigation of our south Texas health system. We expect to continue our discussions with the government in an attempt to resolve this matter.  We would be pleased to answer your questions at this time. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Tom Gallucci of Merrill Lynch. 
Tom Gallucci – Merrill Lynch:  Good morning. Thank you, Steve. You mentioned the strength in Vegas on the volume side and the count, I suspect, was down with the new competition earlier or late last year. Can you talk about, sort of, how the volume was spread throughout the rest of the portfolio? Was it fairly even or were there other extremes, either up or down? 
Steve G. Filton: Sure, Tom. Obviously, you always have some ups and downs, but we saw strength. I kind of alluded to profitability in my opening remarks. But we saw strength in admissions in the Washington, D.C. at GW. We saw it in Florida in the Bradenton market where, as we disclosed, for the past three or four quarters, I think we have benefitted from a major construction renovation project that we completed at the end of the second quarter last year. So, I think we saw that strength again throughout the portfolio. 
Tom Gallucci – Merrill Lynch:  Okay and then on the out-patient side, can you discuss the trends you are seeing there? 
Steve G. Filton:  Sure. In the first quarter we talked about the fact that surgery volumes were actually a little bit negative in the first quarter. In the second quarter, they turned sort of slightly positive, not a huge change, but we did see a little bit of a rebound in our surgical procedures, particularly out-patient surgery. And we have seen relatively busy ER visits throughout the year; busier in the first quarter, just because of the flu impact, but still busy ER in the second quarter as well. 
Tom Gallucci – Merrill Lynch:  Okay, final question, just wondering how you are sort of viewing the Medicaid landscape at this point, given the state of the economy and state budgets. Thank you. 
Steve G. Filton:  Sure, well we have seen--and I think we have talked in previous calls--about Medicaid, announced Medicaid reductions in Florida, which took effect on July 1. California’s was supposed to take effect on July and there is some legal wrangling that has sort of enjoined that for the moment, but may well be retroactive to July 1. Both those changes are worth, probably, a couple of million dollars of negative impact, each, to us in those states.  Since, I think, the second quarter call, the state of Nevada has passed Medicaid reductions which will take effect on September 1. We do not have a huge exposure to Medicaid in Las Vegas or Reno and again, probably worth a couple of million dollars in negative impact to us.  The best news, I guess, from a Medicaid perspective is that the state where we have the biggest Medicaid exposure is Texas. And at the moment, Texas is not talking about any Medicaid reductions. They are talking about some tinkering with disproportionate share programs and moving that money into the regular Medicaid program. But as we, I think, have articulated in the past, our expectation is that the impact of that will largely by budget-neutral or revenue-neutral to us. 
Tom Gallucci – Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein of Lehman Brothers. 
Adam Feinstein – Lehman Brothers:  Okay, thank you. Good morning, Steve. Good morning, Alan. Maybe just starting with Vegas, maybe just talk about how would a 10% growth number. Just curious, if you could just comment just about overall profitability in Vegas in terms of margin trends there and then, just curious, in terms of the Centennial Hospital, just sounds like ramping up much better than anticipated.  You had initially talked about $0.07 to $0.08 of dilution for the full year, just curious in terms of how you are thinking about that and I have a couple of follow-up questions. 
Steve G. Filton:  Sure. Well, the Vegas profitability was good for the quarter. On a same-store basis, our profitability was up and, as we have discussed before, for the first half of the year, Centennial has out-performed our own expectations. It was actually close to being EBITDA break even in the second quarter, which is probably about three months ahead of when we thought they would get to that level of profitability. So we are just pleased with general developments in the Las Vegas market.  But, our profitability, again, as I sort of commented to Tom, from an admissions perspective, but it is also true about profitability, was relatively strong throughout the portfolio. To have a beat as large as we did, you need to have both portfolio-wide strength as well as, obviously, strength across the two businesses and I think we had that in the second quarter. 
Adam Feinstein – Lehman Brothers:  Okay and then, I guess in terms of the dilution for the year from Centennial to, I guess, just how do you think about that $0.07 to $0.08 that you talked about earlier in the year. 
Steve G. Filton:  I think that we will probably, in the end, do better than that, Adam. As long as trends continue, the balance of the year ought to be a little bit accretive at Centennial. And, like I said, we are probably--at the end of the day--about three months ahead of sort of our ramp-up schedule there, which we already thought was a pretty accelerated schedule. But I do not know how much less than the 7 or $0.08 we will be, but we should be a least a few pennies less than that. 
Adam Feinstein – Lehman Brothers:  Okay and then, just a follow-up question to hear, I guess, as we think about the operating leverage in the business model. Clearly, you guys have been showing upside on the margins. So, just curious, in the last quarter Steve, you talked about some improvement in salaries in benefits. And this quarter it looks like you saw a similar improvement as well as on the supply line item. Just curious, if you could comment on that, any items that really stand out in terms of the cost management. 
Steve G. Filton:  Sure, Adam. What we said in the first quarter and I think it is equally true in the second is that when you have the strong revenue performance and we had same-store revenue growth in our two business segments in the 7.5 to 8% range, that is obviously pretty strong same-store revenue growth and I think it provides an opportunity for a lot of operating leverage.  And I think you saw, again, in the first half of the year, that our operators have taken advantage of that. I think that it is also true that in a little bit of a weaker economy, we have seen some of the pressure come off our wage rates. Our usage of temporary nurses is clearly down over last year for the first six months, which I think is a good indicator of sort of how much pressure there is on wage rates.  We mentioned in my prepared remarks that we are getting some benefit from our change in group purchasing organizations, which was effective April 1. So I think we had a few million dollars of benefit from that in the second quarter.  And the only other comment that I will make is we have seen a little bit of a bias toward more medical procedures and less surgical procedures and a little bit more acuity on the medical side. And just, generally, medical procedures are less supply-intensive than surgical procedures and so, I think that is driving down our supply expense as well.  
Adam Feinstein – Lehman Brothers:  Okay and then just a final question here. On the pricing side, has anything changed, Steve, there? It seems like you guys are seeing some acceleration, just curious, I know you finalized the new Sierra contract. You highlighted on the last call, so just curious in terms of--as you think about the pricing environment--have there been a few contracts that have changed or how are you thinking about that? 
Steve G. Filton:  I think that the dynamics, there are a few dynamics, Adam, that are contributing to what has been a relatively strong pricing environment in the first half of the year. As we anticipated would be the case, I think we have benefitted modestly from Medicare switch to the MSDRGs. So, that has been a modest help to us.  I think that, in general, our managed-care pricing, which we have said over the last few years has been going up at a rate of somewhere between 6 and 8% that for the first half of this year. We are kind of on the high end or high end of that range, rather.  And then, finally, as we talked about, again, in the first quarter and I think it is true again in the second quarter our just general mix of payers has been good. And it has been weighted more toward managed care and less towards indigent, non-pay patients, and Medicaid patients. And I think all those things together have contributed to the stronger pricing. 
Adam Feinstein – Lehman Brothers:  Last quarter, you gave a commercial volume number, since you were talking about mixed there, do you have that number again? 
Steve G. Filton:  Yeah, we talked last quarter about commercial volumes being up about 6% year-over-year in the first quarter and in the second quarter, the numbers were pretty similar. 
Adam Feinstein – Lehman Brothers:  Okay, great. Thank you very much, great quarter. 
Operator:  And next we have Jason Gurda of Leerink. 
Jason Gurda – Leerink:  Good morning, Steve. 
Steve G. Filton:  Hi, Jason. 
Jason Gurda – Leerink:  Do you have a sense for what the uninsured admission trends were during the quarter? 
Steve G. Filton:  I think our uninsured admissions were growing at about the same rate as our overall admissions, which I think was the case in the first quarter as well. So, overall, uninsured admissions were growing at about the same rate. Managed-care admissions were growing a little faster. Medicaid admissions, largely as a result of the loss of OB business in McAllen were down and that is kind of the way the mix looks. 
Jason Gurda – Leerink: Okay, you had mentioned in your comments earlier that you had started a second construction project. Could you, maybe, add a little color on that? 
Steve G. Filton:  Sure, our fist construction management project was initiated in ’06 and between ’06 and ’07, we recorded probably, $10 million of EBITDA related to that project, which is now largely completed. The project, itself is completed and we are just finishing the construction accounting and little bit of clean-up in that regard.  We have commenced a second contract with actually, the same not-for-profit system, on a smaller scale that will result in EBITDA to us of probably a couple of million dollars in the back end of 2008 and another couple of million dollars in 2009. And we continue, at the same time, to look for other opportunities for these construction projects. We think we have a particular skill set in this area and we think that it adds value to others and so, we continue to try and market those services. 
Jason Gurda – Leerink: Interesting. One other thing I wanted to touch on was you were going through a little bit of the state Medicaid exposure and some of your expectations. Do you have a sense, overall, what you are expecting for Medicaid in the back half of the year into ’09? 
Steve G. Filton:
 : Going into ’08, we said that our pricing guidance presumed that Medicaid pricing would go up like 0 to 1% and the changes that have been announced so far do not really change that very much, so I think we are sort of still in that range for ’08 and although we have not been very precise about it, my guess is that that is sort of the outlook for ’09 as well. 
Jason Gurda – Leerink: Okay, well thank you very much and congrats on the quarter. 
Steve G. Filton:  Thank you. 
Operator:  And next we have Ralph Giacombi of Credit Suisse. 
Ralph Giacombi – Credit Suisse:  Great, thanks, morning. Just in terms of the guidance, it sort of raised it about $0.10 on a $0.16 beat and just wondering if there is anything in the second half we should be aware of. Obviously, you have talked this in the Medicaid cuts and I guess, just whether guidance assumes sort of the first have trends continue into the second half.   
Steve G. Filton:  Sure, Ralph. Two things, and we mentioned this in the first quarter as well, it is a little bit difficult because we do not give quarterly guidance, but I think it is fair to say that, while our full-year guidance at the outset of the year was pretty consistent with the Street. Our guidance was a little bit front-end loaded than the Street’s and obviously, by definition, the Street’s was a little bit more back-end loaded.  So, I would say that in both the first and second quarters or in the first half of the year, our internal beat, if you will, was somewhat lower than the Street had it. And therefore, when we raised our guidance, I think in both the first and second quarter, I think we were raising our guidance to some degree, more than the beat in each quarter or to accommodate the beat in each quarter, but that is largely sort of an allocation issue across the year.  I think the other aspect to be noted is, as everybody knows obviously, we are watching the news about the weakening national economy and some of our local economies carefully and increased unemployment rates in some of our markets, et cetera. And while I think the second quarter results demonstrate this that we have felt little impact from that economic weakness thus far, we certainly cannot guarantee that there will not be some impact later in the year. And so we have tried to be relatively cautious about how we might feel that impact in the back half of 2008. 
Ralph Giacombi – Credit Suisse: Okay and then I think you mentioned case mix, but I do not know if--did you give a percentage for case mix in the quarter? 
Steve G. Filton:  Actually, I am not sure I mentioned case mix, but I appreciate you saying that because our case mix is up a little bit. Not a whole lot, but I would say probably 3 or 4% our case mix is up. 
Ralph Giacombi – Credit Suisse: Okay and I guess in the first quarter I think you mentioned sort of 2.5, 3% so tracking still, do you think that is sort of a sustainable number or what are seeing, what is driving that? 
Steve G. Filton:  I wish I could that with some precision, Ralph. As I mentioned before, we have taken sort of a hard look at our mix of procedures and we have noted that, again, there has been a little bit of a bias towards more medical and less surgical procedures. And frankly, that is not necessarily the environment where we think that our case mix would be going up. So, other than to say, I think just in general, I would say that the acute care hospital environment is such that patients who get admitted over the last few years are just sicker and more acutely ill and that trend continues. I do not know that I could point to any other rationale for why we are seeing a little bit of a creep up in our acuity. 
Ralph Giacombi – Credit Suisse:  Okay and then just the last one. Can you remind us again sort of the difference between, on the behavioral side, seeing kind of a flattish revenue per adjusted admit stat versus kind of that 5.1% increase in the revenue per adjusted patient day. 
Steve G. Filton:  Sure. That is almost entirely a function of about a 5% length of stay reduction in behavioral in the quarter. Unlike acute, in behavioral, virtually all of our reimbursement from all payers is on a per diem or per day basis. And so when length of stay contracts as it did in the second quarter, revenue per admission goes down. So, just very simply, if this year we are seeing--or let us say last year we were seeing a Medicare patient on average for ten days at $500.00 a day and this year our average Medicare patient is staying for nine days at $500.00 a day, we are obviously going to have a decline in revenue per admission, but revenue per day will be going by the normal pricing so--
Ralph Giacombi – Credit Suisse: Is there something that sort of lower length of stay? 
Steve G. Filton:  I do not think so. Obviously there are some states where you may see a little bit of pressure from Medicaid, managed Medicaid, but I think, in general, probably more than anything else, Ralph, is the idea that this is the third quarter in a row where we have had same-store admissions increases in behavioral in kind of the seven, eight, 9% range. And those numbers, I think, are so significant that our operators have changed their practices a little bit and in order to accommodate the tremendous demand for our services and our capacity. We are doing the best that we can to turn patients over and even if utilization review and clinical practice would allow us to keep the patient an extra day, et cetera, I think sometimes, if it is clinically appropriate, we are discharging that patient just so we can satisfy our waiting list and our demand for referral sources to get patients into our facilities. So, I think you are seeing a little bit after now three quarters of very strong admission growth.  
Ralph Giacombi – Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator:  And next, we have question from the line of Matthew Bush of Goldman Sachs
Shelly Knoll – Goldman Sachs & Co. :  Hi, thanks this is Shelly Knoll (ph 00:30:25) in for Mat Bush this morning. If we could go back to the Las Vegas market. I was wondering, Steve, I think you have mentioned in the past that the economic metric that has most impacted hospitals is unemployment. Can you talk a little bit about your sense, just anecdotally, what is going on in the Las Vegas market? The 10% admissions growth you guys have seen, is that market share that you are taking from other hospitals or what is the market dynamic in Las Vegas?
Steve G. Filton:  Well, let us talk about market share first. Clearly, we talked throughout 2007 about a significant shift in market share, largely as a result, obviously of Sierra’s cancellation of their contract with the HCA facility, so there was a significant shift in market share in 2007.  We also talked in 2007, however, that as a result of that shift, losing some other business like Medicare and other commercial payers, et cetera. One of the positives for us in the first half of 2008 and particularly in the second quarter is we saw a nice recapture, for instance, of some of that Medicare volume we had lost. So, I think if anything, literally every quarter as market share data comes out, and the nice thing about the Vegas market, is that that data is available on a pretty real-time basis. We are just seeing our market share continue to strengthen and the gap between us and our nearest competitor continues to widen. So, we are very pleased with market share in the Vegas market.  As far as the overall economy. Obviously, there is much that has been written, as you well know, about weakness in the Vegas economy, but I think we have been pretty open about saying that we are not feeling a great deal of that thus far. Unemployment rates did go up in Vegas earlier in the year, I think in March or April, but I think in May they actually game down by .10 of a point, so I am not sure that there is a clear continuing progression of upward pressure on unemployment in the market. It is kind of a mixed bag. Some of the gaming properties have announced layoffs, et cetera, but others have announced major hiring.  The Winn Properties announced that they are hiring 4 or 5,000 people and there is this city center project that is underway that is going to employ a significant number of people as well. So, we are seeing--and there are still a significant amount of people moving into the city. Even the most recent data from May or June indicates that there are about still--people are moving into Las Vegas at the rate of about 50,000 a year. So, we are carefully watching the metrics in Las Vegas, but as I indicated in response to other questions earlier, our business there remains strong and we are hopeful we can weather whatever weakness may exist there.  
Shelly Knoll – Goldman Sachs & Co. :  Okay, I really appreciate the color, thanks. And if I could just do one quick follow-up on maybe Ralph’s questions on the behavioral health. Can you talk a little bit about what services are seeing the strongest growth in behavioral and maybe, update us on your mix of inpatient and outpatient. 
Steve G. Filton:  Well, first of all, from an inpatient/outpatient mix, our business has always, on the behavioral side, been heavily weighted toward inpatient. And even in most markets where we have outpatient, with a few exceptions, the outpatient business that we have is largely designed to compliment and ultimately, feed our inpatient business, so it is very much an inpatient-oriented business that we have.  In terms of the mix between residential and acute, those numbers remain about the same. We are still, I think more heavily weighted towards the acute side than the residential side and as far as individual service lines, chemical dependence, et cetera, I do not know that we are seeing the strength in admissions focused in a particular service line, et cetera. We are seeing that strength pretty much spread throughout the portfolio service wise, geographic perspective, adults and adolescents. So obviously, I think when you are growing at 7-8-9% pretty consistently for the last few quarters, you have got to have some pretty widespread strength and I think that is what we are seeing. 
Shelly Knoll – Goldman Sachs & Co. : Okay, great. Thanks, I appreciate it. 
Operator:  Next, we have Darren Lehrich of Deutsche Bank. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank:  Thanks, good morning, Alan and Steve. 
Steve G. Filton:  Morning. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank:  I wanted to just go back to the question with regard to the outlook for the second half of the year. We clearly hear what you’re saying Steve about what your internal budgets were and how they were weighted.  I guess I just wanted to get your comments on a couple things. If you had to break down what really changes in the second half relative to your earnings levels and perhaps your revenue, how would you frame that for us? Is it weighted towards your bad debt rising? Do you have volume softening? Could you just maybe hit us with the high points that would help us frame what looks to be an unusually lower-weighted second half relative to what you have done in the last at least two years?
Steve G. Filton: Well, first, I will preface it. Alan and I spoke before the call this morning and he reminded me of something Yogi Berra once said that predictions are very hard to make, especially about the future. And I think that is certainly true here, particularly in the volatile environment that we have been operating in the last few years. And now layer on to that the economic uncertainty.  I think, in general, Darren, just mechanically what we have done is we had guidance out there for the year. We have beaten that guidance and we have discussed that we have beaten it a little bit less internally than we have beaten perhaps the street’s guidance in the first half of the year.  But just generally, we have taken the approach that for the balance of the year; we will meet our original guidance, say for things like interest expense, et cetera, that we adjusted early on in the year and have not really necessarily said that we are anticipating a reduction in volumes or an increase in bad debt. And as we have indicated up to now, we really have not experienced that, but we have taken, as I characterized earlier, a fairly cautious approach to it and we hope to deliver on what we have promised and that is just the position that we have taken. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Okay, that is fair. And you did at one point have a revenue target of 5.13 billion, is that roughly the level you are still looking at, or does the centennial ramp change that outlook in any way?
Steve G. Filton: I don’t’ know that the Centennial ramp has enough of an impact on our consolidated results to really make us rethink that. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Okay, fair enough. And then a couple other things. Just going back to the labor cost management, it has look quite good and I know you are discussing the easing of labor relative to the economy. Can you just give us maybe a spot number at this point where you are and temporary labor cost per patient day? Or however you might measure it where that is in the second quarter and where that’s come from relative to last year?
Steve G. Filton: That number I don’t have in front of me Darren. I’ll be happy to provide it offline. But I do know that our use of temporary labor in total is clearly lower in the first half of ’08 than it was in the first half of ’07 despite the fact that we’ve had pretty strong revenue on both sides of the business, et cetera. So, again, I will be happy to provide more granular detail offline, but the big indicator, I think, is that our overall expense is lower than it was last year.
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Okay, I will follow up offline there. And then just back to pricing, maybe to peel back a little bit further there just to make sure I’m hearing you correctly. Have you seen any shift at all that would show up in your pricing trends relative to a shift from inpatient to outpatient catheterizations? And maybe some growth and observation days which get reclassified and maybe paid as lower than inpatient. Is there anything palpable there that you want to highlight to us relative to that pricing number?
Steve G. Filton: I think that both of the trends that you mentioned, which is a shift from in to outpatient, particularly in the cardiac area and more observation days are trends that we certainly have seen over the last few years. I cannot tell you with any precision what our experience has been in the first half of the year. I cannot tell you right this minute. We certainly know that.  But obviously, with our pricing strength, I think it is fair to say that we are not experiencing a tremendous amount of pressure from either of those issues or otherwise we would not be able to see the pricing strength that we have seen in the first half of the year. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Okay, and remind me, the Sierra contract renewal took effect, was it May or June? So we saw some of that increase in the quarter. 
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I mean it was either late May or early June. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then Alan, I just have a question for you about Texoma. Can you just give us some comments about that acquisition and how it has performed? And then one specific question about Texoma is just the physician model which you inherited with that acquisition. Can you talk about how that model may translate to other markets, whether you found any success in that physician group there?
Alan B. Miller: Well they happen to be good at managing a physician group and so we have been studying what they have done. They have been very successful with it and there is a shift now happening with more physicians seem to want to be employed. So we are looking at how they have done it and seeing what we can learn from them.  We are bullish on the market. I would say it has been uneven, but we are going to be building in a very good location and it is a growth community. So we are happy with the acquisition. I think that if you look, for example, at what the returns have been, not only centennial but in Bradenton, we did a big construction project there that has really turned the hospital into a wonderful projection, positive earnings, really growing. So we are excited about it. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: One of the things that your competitors all seem to struggle with is just the physician employment model and how to really implement that through a portfolio. Is something like Texoma, can you translate that to other markets do you think if you have to do more employment?
Alan B. Miller: I would say we are studying it. We have not been, never got into the buying practices and employing physicians other than the house-based physicians. We never thought it was, and this is over a period of time, very productive. A lot of people retired on our dollar.  But the trend now seems to be that with all of the paperwork and the government involvement, a lot of physicians, typically the younger ones, they like to be employed and not be bothered with anything else. And go home and not be concerned about running a business at all. So we are looking at that and we are employing physicians on a very selective basis, but it is a trend that seems to be happening and we all have to deal with it.
Steve G. Filton: Darren, I think that the Texoma experience is actually instructive in the sense that Texoma had a physician employment model for a long time before we bought them. And we know from their sharing their history with us that they struggled with it for many years in the beginning. They lost a lot of money in the beginning on their physician ownership, et cetera.  Once the model was developed and the physician ownership and practice built et cetera, we think it is a very effective tool. But as you alluded to our competitors and I think all hospitals rarely implement a physician ownership model without a lot of bumps in the road to get there. So the challenge that we all have is to get to perhaps an effective end game. You know, can you do so without losing too much money and being too disruptive, et cetera. And as Alan said, we are trying to learn from the Texoma experience both before and after our ownership as we think about how we are going to handle this issue in all of our other markets. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank: Great thanks a lot. I will jump out of the queue here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Leiberman of Stanford Group.
Gary Leiberman - Stanford Research: Thanks, good morning.
Steve G. Filton: Hey Gary.
Gary Leiberman - Stanford Research: I am not sure if you gave a number about what the bad debts were at the acute care hospitals?
Steve G. Filton: I think our same-store bad debt in acute was 12% in the quarter, roughly.
Gary Leiberman - Stanford Research: Okay, do you have a dollar number?
Steve G. Filton: I do. It is right here. It was $114 million in the second quarter. 
Gary Leiberman - Stanford Research: Okay, and then I guess just to maybe beat the horse completely dead here on Las Vegas, could you talk a little bit, I guess, about whether or not visitors to Las Vegas account for any significant portion of the hospital volumes or any significant portion of the revenue at your hospitals. 
Steve G. Filton: Sure, let me make two comments about that. One is that only a relatively small percentage of our market revenues come from the tourist business. When we have attempted to clarify this in the past, it is somewhere in the 3 to 4% of our revenue comes from the tourist business, which is not, frankly, unexpected. Obviously most people are taking a vacation are doing so in what they think is good health and it’s only usually an emergency that would cause them to seek medical treatment while they’re away. The other comment I would make is for those who follow the Vegas and the economy and the gaming industries. Tourist volumes are not really down very much. What is down is the amount of money spent by the average tourist on the average night, et cetera, which is, frankly, as you can imagine, a bigger challenge for the gaming industry than it is for the hospital industry.  So two things, we are not overly reliant on the tourist business to begin with other than indirectly as the strength of the gaming industry. And secondly, the amount of tourists visiting the city, which I think are projected to be 37 million this year, it is not really down. 
Gary Leiberman - Stanford Research: Okay, and then you had benefited I think earlier in the year from some favorable trends on malpractice insurance. Can you update us on terms of has that changed at all I guess in terms of what you’re reserving or what your outlook is there?
Steve G. Filton: Right, so actually I think that that adjustment to our malpractice reserves goes back to the second quarter of 2007, so this quarter actually, the comparison is probably not as favorable as it has been, but in general, the favorable trends that caused us to reduce our malpractice accruals a year ago have generally continued. We think we are benefiting in some of the most important states in which we operate by malpractice tort reform that has been passed in states like Nevada, Texas, and Florida, as well as improvements that we have made to reduce risk, particularly in certain service lines like OB.
Gary Leiberman - Stanford Research: Okay, and then maybe just a follow-up question for Alan in terms of what your thoughts are on the acquisition environment both maybe in the acute care business and also in the psych business.
Alan B. Miller: Well, I will start with the acute business. We are active. We are always looking at evaluating. There are a number of players now. We thought it might decline fewer players, but there are people out there. When something good comes on the market or people know about it, there have been a number of players. One came up recently and my understanding was they had 10 or 12 people that were active and had some capabilities. The psych business, you have to be selective. There are a number of startup companies and I am interested in seeing whether funders are going to be as willing to fund new companies as they have been. There are a number of tem out there but we are being selective. We have made, as you know, acquisitions every year. And there are not a lot of them, but we are interested in the ones that have a future, can be productive, we can buy them. The rates are higher than they have been, but they are there. It is not a great number of availabilities as there have been in the past. 
Gary Leiberman - Stanford Research: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: And next, we have Justin Lake of UBS.
Justine Lake - UBS: Thanks, just a couple quick questions. One on share repurchase, for the last call you mentioned you were going to take a break to look at the M&A opportunities out there. When do you expect to kind of have that evaluation done and kind of make your decision whether you are going to be active in M&A or get back to buying back stock?
Steve G. Filton: Justin, I do not know that we set any sort of timeframes or deadlines for ourselves. As Alan just indicated in his response, the acquisition evaluation process is sort of ongoing and constant. And, frankly, the evaluation of the opportunities to repurchase our own stock are also ongoing and to some extent dependent on how our stock price moves, et cetera.  Obviously, at the recent levels, we think our own stock is a fairly attractive buy. But we are always going to look at the opportunities to repurchase our own stock in connection with any opportunities that exist to buy other earnings streams and decide the best way to employ our capital.
Justine Lake - UBS: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Operator: And next, we have Frank Morgan of Jeffries & Co.
Frank Morgan - Jeffries & Co:  Good morning. A couple questions here. Steve, you mentioned dish payments in Texas. Any other updates on other states like South Carolina and then back to Texas, what about other kind of state or county programs have been a source of funding for you in the past?
Steve G. Filton: Sure, we have talked in previous quarters about the UPL programs in Texas. And I think in essence we have gotten within the last few quarters sort of the all clear on our current UPL programs in Texas. They all seem to have met CMS muster, so I think we are square on that. As I said, Texas is the state where we received by far the most significant amount of Medicaid disproportion in share. And Texas continues to sort of look at kind of a remodeling of their regulations but continue to say, informally at least, that this is intended to be budget neutral. And in the informal conversations we have had with the state of Texas, we do not believe we’re likely to be impacted in any material way either positively or negatively although we should get those rates and know with some certainty this month, meaning August.  South Carolina is a much smaller number in terms of our exposure to disproportionate share. I do not believe we have gotten our fiscal ’09 numbers yet. But again, our expectation there is it should not be material, but in general, our exposure to South Carolina is much less, than it is to Texas.
Frank Morgan - Jeffries & Co: Okay, two more and then I will hop. First, were there actually any medical mal released in the prior period reserves in the quarter?
Steve G. Filton: No.
Frank Morgan - Jeffries & Co: Okay, and then finally, any explanation for the weakness in surgical volumes overall?
Steve G. Filton: In all honesty, Frank, we have not been able to do the real deep dive that we did in the first quarter. When we did it in the first quarter, most of the reduction was in cardiology, and within cardiology, it was in stenting procedures. It looked, at least on a preliminary basis, that those volumes came back some in the second quarter. And again, I think in the second quarter our surgical volume sort of moved in line with our overall admissions and I would say that is kind of what we expected. The first quarter they were a little weaker and like I said, that mostly looked like a cardiac stenting issue. 
Frank Morgan - Jeffries & Co: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Next we have Kemp Dolliver of Cowen and company.
Kemp Dolliver - SG Cowen: Alright, thanks. One question that relates to the earlier acuity discussion Steve, and then what spill-over effect, if any, do you think unless the MSDRGs have had on your commercial business? At least one of the plans has noted that they what they’re seeing is that essentially the coders that learn MSDRGs, they code it for Medicare and then they basically just code everything else the same way just out of human nature and the absence of any double check on it by the payer or even the hospital. 
Steve G. Filton: Kemp, I think that for us the vast majority of our managed care reimbursement remains per diem based and so it is not dependent on coding. You know the only large payer quite frankly that we have that has tried to mirror the Medicare MSDRGs frankly has been Texas Medicaid and frankly they struggled with it. We have benefited, not to any great degree, but they have made some retroactive payments, maybe a couple million bucks in the second quarter as a result of not getting it right when they first implemented it. But other than that, I would say the vast majority of our managed care contracts are not subject to reimbursement that would be coding sensitive. 
Kemp Dolliver - SG Cowen: Okay, good and the acuity increase you mentioned is 3 to 4%, my impression is that is probably relatively strong compared to your history. Is that right?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, actually for a long time, we did not see much movement in our case mix index for the last couple of years, so this modest improvement in the last quarter or two is something that is relatively recent for us at least.
Kemp Dolliver - SG Cowen: That is great. Thank you.
Alan B. Miller: Steve, I am going offline now. Bye everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Emander of Standard Imports (ph 00:55:28).
Jeff Emander - Standard Imports:  Good morning Steve. Quick question, I believe it was last quarter, but correct me if I am wrong, that you gave some commentary that business was more impacted, not so much by weakness in housing, but by weakness in employment. And you made some comments this morning about the Vegas market. Can you just color on any of the other markets and what you are seeing either anecdotally or otherwise in terms of employment and what impact that might be having in your results. 
Steve G. Filton: Sure, I think that the conversation that your are eluding to Jeff is that the first quarter people were asking about whether we were feeling any pinch from a weakening economy in Las Vegas. And I think we talked about the fact that most of the metrics three or four months ago that were negative were housing related. Foreclosure rates were up. Housing starts were down, et cetera.  And we speculated that we did not necessarily think that those metrics would have a direct immediate impact on us. And the more likely impact that we would have in any market is frankly the number of people who were unemployed went up mostly because the concern would be that people who lose their jobs would lose their health insurance that came along with their jobs. So at the very end of the first quarter I think we were seeing an uptick in unemployment in Las Vegas and noted that and said that we would watch that carefully.  Obviously national unemployment rates have gone up. We have seen them go up in some of our local markets. As we’ve indicated a few times now, I don’t know that we’re really feeling that pinch anywhere, and as a matter of fact, frankly if there was market that we’ve acknowledged we’ve probably felt some of the local economic weakness, it’s been Florida. And frankly we did well in the second quarter in our couple of Florida markets, so we continue to say that we are not seeing much of an impact. And as you know unemployment has risen on a relative basis fairly dramatically, but it is not at terribly high levels compared to what we have experienced historically.
Jeff Emander - Standard Imports: Okay, can you make any comments about what you have seen in Texas at all?
Steve G. Filton: The Texas markets I think in general have done better than the national average. I think Texas generally has weathered the storm a little bit better, probably because of the oil industry. In the second quarter, I mentioned in my prepared remarks that our south Texas markets which are primarily in the gallon, but also Laredo and Eagle Pass did well in the second quarter. Alan indicated in one of his responses that Texoma, which is a north Dallas market, has been a little more uneven. Amarillo has been a little more uneven. But we are not seeing any particular weakness and again in the south Texas area we have probably seen some strength actually. 
Jeff Emander - Standard Imports: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Next we have David Beal (ph 00:58:32) with Morgan Stanley. 
David Beal - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks. We have heard anecdotally for example that June was a pretty tough collection month for some providers. I wonder if you could just call out any trends that may be notable in terms of month-to-month variations in the key metrics.
Steve G. Filton: I do not have the month-to-month results in front of me David. But my general sense is there are always some ups and downs in the quarter but volume wise, collection wise, it strikes me that our performance was relatively stable throughout the quarter. It is not like we saw things get steadily better over the quarter or steadily worse either way and frankly I think for the most part, we have seen that stability for the entire first half of the year. 
David Beal - Morgan Stanley: And just one follow-up, any impact at all from Hurricane Dolly in the south Texas markets? 
Steve G. Filton: We were hardest hit in the McAllen market. But even that is sort of a three or four day event mostly rain, leaks or whatever in the facility. And a couple of days of diminished ER and elective volume, but as I recall, I think Hurricane Dolly hit on a Wednesday and by the following Monday I think we were very much back to normal. 
David Beal - Morgan Stanley: That is great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next, we have a question from the line of David Bachman of Langbow Research.
David Bachman - Langbow Research: Good morning Steve. Couple of questions on the managed care pricing, let me get back to that. It has obviously been strong. You said 6 to 8% and sort of what you have been looking for this year. Can you talk about how that varies across the portfolio? Are there certain markets that are above or below that, just in general terms?
Steve G. Filton: I do not have enough sort of granular detail in front of me to answer that question sort of accurately David. The answer is I am sure that is the case. And I have mentioned before probably what determines our success in managed care negotiation is probably our relative market strength and market share and the availability of excess capacity in the market and the payers relative market strength and market share more than probably any other issue. But it is not like we are getting 10-12% increases in some markets and 2- 3% increases in other. I would say that the variability is more narrow than that.
David Bachman - Langbow Research: It would be more narrow than that. But we can assume that given what you have just said that the Las Vegas market, you would be in a stronger position with capacity coming online and a larger market share there to be at the high-end or slightly above the high end of that range then.
Steve G. Filton : Well, I would not necessarily sort of jump to that conclusion only because the sort of countervailing argument to that is we probably have the strongest managed care player that we negotiate with in that market. And I think we have indicated previously that our renegotiated contract with Sierra was at rates lower than our average rate so you can’t underestimate the strength that that particular payer has in that market. 
David Bachman - Langbow Research: Okay, well that is helpful. Then just back on the operating leverage front, hopefully you can give us just a little bit more color. I see in the same facility metrics here, average daily census is up about 130 basis-points year-over-year. Can you talk about how much that kind of move just really helps profitability?
Steve G. Filton: Well, I think our results in the first half of the year are reflective of the fact that it is very helpful. This remains both in the behavioral and in the acute business largely a fix cost business. A lot of our expense is wage related. And a lot of that wage expense is fixed and semi-fixed other than sort of a nursing care or on the unit. I would say most of our remaining labor cost is fixed or semi-fixed.  The only other real variable cost associated with each incremental patient is the supply expense that patient generates and other that that, again, it is all very fixed and semi-fixed. So when we have an increase in ABC as you framed it, or as I framed it before 7.5-8% increase in same-store revenue, I think there is a significant opportunity for operating leverage. Again, I think the operators have to do their job in order to enjoy it. And in the first half of this year, I have said over and over again I think our operators I think have done a really remarkable job. 
David Bachman - Langbow Research: Okay, great, and just one last question. You have not talked as much about recruitment of referring physicians as some of the other operators do. Can you give us any metrics on that in the quarter and strength on that front?
Steve G. Filton: Historically we, you are right, have not talked about physician recruitment the way that others have. I think, largely because the companies that really talk about physician recruitment tend to be those that have more rural facilities where literally the recruitment of a single specialist or an orthopedic surgeon or cardiac surgeon or neurosurgeon may well be the only one in the market. It really affects their ability to deliver a service in that market.  We tend to operate in markets where we have kind of a broader ability to deliver the service. It is rarely dependent on a single physician. Obviously physician recruitment is an important function to us. Occasionally we will run into problems with recruiting a particular specialty in a particular market. But generally the markets we operate in, in particularly those most important to us, Las Vegas, south Texas, et cetera, these are markets that have been growing. They are growing faster than the national average. And frankly physicians want to practice there and they have not been terribly challenging to recruit to. 
David Bachman - Langbow Research: Okay and just one last question, on the behavioral side, 350 to 450 beds in ’08, how many of those are online through the second quarter?
Steve G. Filton: I think, I am not remembering the first quarter number exactly, but I think we are sitting at about 200 for the first half of the year. 
David Bachman - Langbow Research: Okay, so about halfway through. Okay, great. Thanks.
Steve G. Filton: Sure.
Operator: Next we have questions from the line of Gary Taylor of Citigroup.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Hi, good morning Steve. Thanks for taking all the questions. A few quick ones on the construction contract, the new one. How much revenue do you think that adds in the back half?
Steve G. Filton:  I’m going to guess at this Gary because I haven’t seen a real sort of construction timeline, but I’m thinking maybe 25 to 35 million of revenue and obviously a like amount of operating expense. 
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: In just the back half, right?
Steve G. Filton: In just the back half of ’08.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Centennial Hills, can you talk about occupancy rate there, even ballpark?
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I think Centennial has been operating probably for the full six months at 40% occupancy, something like that. It is 175 beds, roughly. 
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Still got a lot of room there.
Steve G. Filton: Yes.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: And on the Medicaid reductions you had commented on Florida, Nevada, California, were those 2008 amounts or were those annualized amounts? 
Steve G. Filton: When I talked about a couple million dollars affecting each state, those were annual amounts, so obviously we will only be getting a portion of that in 2008.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: And then my last question, the one place where if you look at your metrics versus your peers, you have just blown them away year-to-date on is on the commercial admissions growth in the first quarter. I think every other company, including HCA, had negative commercial admissions year-over-year. You are up six. You were up six again. I think we have asked this question before or maybe other people have asked it in a different way on the call but when you look at that 6% growth, do you see a single geography? Do you see a particular service line? Is Vegas a disproportionate driver of that? Could you see a strategy such that you foresaw that you were going to see such a nice pick-up in commercial?
Steve G. Filton: I guess a couple things, no, I do not think that there is a particular market that is really driving that and to be honest, I do not think it is Vegas. I think if anything, Vegas may be a little bit lower than that largely because we saw such a large commercial shift in ’07 in that market.  But in the McAllen market, really just as an example, I think we are recapturing some of that commercial business that we have lost over the last few years and then in other markets, we are gaining as well. I think when you talk about individual strategies, Gary, it is a lot of blocking and tackling. I do not think it is the kind of thing that you sort of have an initiative and in one quarter you are able to increase that number. I think it is the result of a lot of, we talked about in the first quarter, the things we have been doing in the last two, three, four years, I think are starting to bare fruition. And I think we are benefiting from that.  We are benefiting from being in some strong local markets as well. We have always talked about that. And we are also benefiting from being in and I think this is always a little different than the rural companies. We are in markets where there is a lot of commercial payers and we are not reliant purely on Medicare and Medicaid. But in south Florida and southern California, these are markets that have a very strong commercial bias and we have done well in those markets.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: You must really be. I mean certainly nationally commercial admissions are not up anywhere close to six so you must really be taking share even in that commercial mix. Just my last question, when you look at on the acute care side, I think the net revenue for just admission was up approximately 7% or somewhere around there presuming that commercial payers by and large pay you better rates than Medicare or Medicaid, have you attempted to kind of ballpark of the 7%? 2% of it is coming because commercial is growing six and Medicare is growing one? Do you have a though of just how much that might be quantifying in that revenue for adjusted admissions growth? 
Steve G. Filton: I do not have it at that level of precision, Gary. I think in answering somebody’s similar question before, I would say that we have identified probably three or four dynamics which we think are really bolstering that overall pricing. I think it is the impact of MSDRGs. I think it is just strong managed care contractual pricing. I think it is just the payer mix as you just alluded to, and so I think it’s all those things combined, but no, we have not necessarily attempted to kind of segregate each item and identify what its impact is. 
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay, perfect thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Ransom from Raymond James & Associates.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Steve, you have got to be worn out by now. Just a couple of quick questions, a small company, PRSC, is having a tough day and they are talking about some of the things states are doing to cut costs. Are you seeing anything other than just pure rate? Are you seeing anything on the behavioral health side, vis-à-vis narrowing networks, reducing eligibility, reducing length of stay that is unusual at that state budget cycle?
Steve G. Filton: I would not describe it as anything unusual. We may have mentioned in the first quarter some pressures here in Pennsylvania where the Medicaid program is sort of tightening their eligibility and their utilization to reduce length of stay and issues like that and we are responding to that. I may have mentioned that. I think in some cases we have just stopped taking some of these patients because the state is making it so difficult. But overall, I would not say that the gross rate reductions that I mentioned before that we are seeing a pervasive initiatives on the part of the states to reduce spending. 
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay, and my other question is if you look at uninsured and co-pay collection rates, have they stabilized? Have they deteriorated with the economy?
Steve G. Filton: I think we are finding that collection rates have remained pretty stable at least for the last few quarters. I think we have seen collection rates particularly on sort of the portion after insurance, the co-pays and deductibles over the last three or four years, they have declined some. But I do not think in the last two quarters we have seen any material change. 
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay, then I guess one other thing. If you look at Vegas, forgetting kind of the unemployment rate, have you seen any projections about just the sheer number of employed people? Even if the unemployment rate goes down, are the number of people with jobs going to continue to go up? Have you seen any projections around that?
Steve G. Filton: I am not sure I have seen that specific data point, John, but to your point, unemployment’s going up a little bit, but so is the number of people moving into the markets. I am not sure that the amount of employed people has actually declined, but I have not actually seen that?
John Ransom - Raymond James: Is that the number we should look at is the number of people with jobs who have health insurance?
Steve G. Filton: I think that is an important number. I think if there are more people without health insurance, that is a challenge for us as well to the event that they present themselves in our emergency room or whatever, but your point is well taken. I think if the number of people with jobs and with health insurance remains relatively steady that is an important metric as well.
John Ransom - Raymond James: And as far as you know, is HCA still not back in the Sierra network? You mentioned that last quarter, is that still?
Steve G. Filton: I mean there certainly not back in the Sierra network right now. I cannot necessarily comment on whether there are any conversations about getting them back in, but they are definitely not in now. 
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay, thank you.
Steve G. Filton: Thank you.
Operator: And next we have Whit Mayo of Robert Baird. You have an open line sir. We will move to our next question. I am showing that we have not further questions at this time.
Steve G. Filton: Okay, we would like to thank everyone for their time and we look forward to speaking with everyone next quarter.
Operator: Thanks for attending today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Filton - SVP and CFO Alan Miller - President and CEO 
Analysts: Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers Kenneth Weakley - Credit Suisse Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch Erik Chiprich - BMO Capital Markets Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs Jason Gurda - Bear Stearns Darren Lehrich -Deutsche Bank Justine Lake - UBS Frank Morgan - Jefferies & Co Jeffrey Englander - Standard & Poor’s Bill Bonello - Wachovia John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates David Bachman - Longbow Research Whit Mayo - Stephens Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley 
Operator:  Good morning. My name is Bradley, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the first quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Filton, you may begin your conference. 
Steve Filton: Thank you. Good morning. I am Steve Filton. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning, and welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2008. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income per diluted share of $1.20 for the quarter. During this conference call Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors, and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. Revenues for the first quarter increased 8% over the prior year. Exclusive of the impact of new facilities, most notably Centennial Hills in Las Vegas and the revenues related to construction management contract, whereby we built a new hospital for an unrelated third-party. Revenues have increased by 7%. We anticipate that the second construction management contract will be finalized shortly. On a same facility basis in our Acute Care division, revenues increased 6.9% during the first quarter of 2008. The increase resulted primarily from an increase in revenue per adjusted admission. Adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year were up 1.5% for the quarter. These admissions were clearly supported by a busier than expected flu season. As we have previously indicated that we expected during the first quarter of 2008, newly constructed capacity at the physician-owned hospital in McAllen, Texas unfavorably impacted our admissions in that market. Additionally, the opening of the Centennial Hills Hospital in Las Vegas negatively impacted our same-store admissions comparisons to the extent that it cannibalized some of its volume from our existing facilities. Finally, we remind you that admissions in the first quarter of 2007 were particularly strong due to the termination of the Sierra/HCA contract in the Las Vegas market. On a same facility basis, revenue per adjusted admission rose 5.3% during the first quarter of 2008 for our acute hospitals. We defined operating margins as operating income or net revenue less salaries, wages, and benefits, other operating expenses, supplies expenses and provision for doubtful accounts divided by net revenues. On a same facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals increased to 17.1% during the first quarter of 2008 from 15.1% during the first quarter of 2007. The margin improvement results from an increasing flu-related and commercial payor volumes, the opening of several new projects and capacity additions in Florida and California, and the reduction of registry malpractice expense and overall operating efficiencies. Our acute care hospitals provided charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates, amounting to $151 million and $124 million during the three-month periods ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 respectively. As a percentage of net revenue, bad debt charity expense, and the uninsured discounts for the first quarter were consistent with those levels we experienced for full year 2007. On a same facility basis, revenues at our Behavioral Health division increased 9.2% during the first quarter of 2008. This increase resulted from admissions growth and an increase in revenue per adjusted admission. Adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 6.4% during the first quarter and revenue per adjusted admission rose 2.6% over the comparable prior year quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year increased to 23.7% during the quarter ended March 31, 2008, as compared to 22.7% during the comparable prior year period. Our cash flow from operating activities was approximately $132 million during the first quarter of 2008, as compared to $99 million in the first quarter of 2007. At March 31, 2008, our ratio of debt-to-total capitalization was 41% and the ratio of debt-to-EBITDA was 1.95. We spent $82 million on capital expenditures during the first quarter. Included in our capital expenditures were the construction costs related to our new 165-bed Centennial Hills Hospital in Las Vegas, that opened in January and a new 171-bed hospital in Palmdale, California, that is scheduled to be completed and opened in 2009. In California, we are also underway with a major expansion of Emergency Room Imaging and Women's Services to our Southwest Healthcare campuses in Riverside County, California. Our behavioral facilities have operated at a very efficient 77% available occupancy rate for the first quarter. We have multiple projects to add capacity to our busiest behavioral facilities. We opened a total of approximately a 140 new behavioral health beds during the first quarter and anticipate opening a total of 350 to 400 new beds in 2008. During the first quarter of 2008, we repurchased opportunities 1.8 million shares of our Class B common stock at an average price of approximately $50 per share. We currently have 3.8 million shares remaining under the previous authorized share repurchase program. Alan and I will be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Christine Arnold of Morgan Stanley. Christine your line is open. 
Steve Filton: Next. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Feinstein of Lehman Brothers. 
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay and I am actually here. So, great quarter looks phenomenal. Just a couple of questions here, Alan and Steve. Just may be if you could just talk a little bit about the operating leverage. I mean clearly a big benefit to margins from better pricing, Steve you mentioned better job of managing registry costs and malpractice. But clearly the operating leverage is very impressive here. Just wanted to get some more thoughts there, and was just curious if you can quantify just the improvement in our registry and I've a couple of follow up questions? 
Steve Filton: Okay well, I mean again I think its does start with the same store revenues. Obviously we had same store revenue growth of 7% on the Acute side and 9% on the behavioral side Adam. And frankly I think with those kinds of same store revenue growths, we would anticipate that leverage is available… operating leverage is available to us, and I think our operators deserve a lot of credit in the first quarter for making that happen. We announced that adjustment to our malpractice reserves back in, I think, the second quarter of 2007 and said we'd have an ongoing benefit from that and clearly that has been the case. Our malpractice expense in the first quarter was $4 million or $5 million lower than it was in last year's first quarter. Our registry expense was about $3 million lower than it was in last year's first quarter, which is pretty I think impressive given the fact that I think other providers have decided sort of the unexpected severity, the flu season as a reason why their registry cost has increasing now. A good portion of that decline in fairness is due to the Las Vegas market, where we were experiencing some significant registry cost last year as a result of the kind of lingering result of the strike we had in December of '06, and we had some registry commitments that extended into the first quarter of '07. So there is a positive comparison there. But even in hospitals that didn't have great revenue performance like McAllen where we lost as we discussed on previous calls, significant amount of OB business. That facility did a good job of adjusting their cost downward, and as a result raising their margins even on lower revenues. And in facilities like Texoma which we acquired in the first quarter of '07, we've made some of the operating improvement that we anticipated making when we did the acquisition, and that's reflected in our expanded margins as well. So, again I think a lot of credit to the operators for doing a good job in the quarter and taking advantage of strong same store revenues in both of our segments. 
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay and just a follow-up question here. May be talk a little bit about new hospital in Vegas, about the ramp up, just curious in terms of what the impact wise in other quarter. And may be if you could just let us -- may be it will be interesting just to compare and contrast the ramp up of Centennial Hills to Spring Valley? 
Steve Filton: Sure. I mean - if those of you recall at our year-end call at the end of February, Alan was actually in Las Vegas and provided some commentary on Centennial Hills, which was rather bullish. Centennial got off to a strong start, our volumes have been better than we expected. It still was dilutive for the quarter as we would have expected it would be, probably contributed about $0.05 or $0.06 worth of dilution to the first quarter, although that's probably a couple of pennies better than we expected. I think as I said it got of to a strong start from a volume perspective, better than we expected. That was kind of our experience with Spring Valley as well. I would say probably the major difference and to some degree we anticipated this was the quality of the payor mix, and Centennial looks like it is better than when we got started at Spring Valley. And again, I think Alan talked about just really good demographics of the neighborhood surrounding Centennial, and so we are just extremely bullish on its outlook. It will be dilutive probably for another quarter or so, but the long-term prospects of Centennial in our mind are as good as any hospital we've opened in quite some time. 
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And just one final question and I'll get back in the queue. Just on the side piece things weren't real, so at 9.2%, so that's too straight quarter of over 9% growth and you haven't seen that in a while. Just may be you can just provide any commentary there in terms of what's going, and you mentioned the benefit from new beds but certainly pretty impressive growth, just any thoughts in terms of anything going on there? 
Steve Filton: You are right, and we obviously talked in our year-end call about the fourth quarter growth which was impressive and obviously it's continued into the first. And I think just as it was in the fourth quarter, it is relatively widespread throughout the portfolio. We are benefiting from the new beds where we've added, but we are benefiting frankly in markets where we don't necessarily have new capacity. In some of our large like Atlanta and in Chicago. We're definitely taking market share from competitors. In some places, I think we mentioned at the end of… at the end of the year call, we converted one of our facilities from residential to acute and have really increased our profitability at that facility. And again the strength is really throughout the portfolio which is credit to our operators. 
Alan Miller: As Steve pointed out, the operators have really shown their capabilities certainly all alone. But in behavioral, we have been very disciplined. There have been a number of acquisition opportunities that we have passed because of pricing and because of our valuation of the market opportunity. So consequently, our portfolio is tight, the facilities are needed and I think our operators and our development people in that area have really been exceptional. 
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you very much. Great quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Weakley of Credit Suisse. 
Kenneth Weakley - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Steve, I was curious on the flu if you had the sense of whether it was dilutive to the margins. Your achieved margins are actually pretty good rationally this quarter. But I was just curious, would they have been without flu, if that's something you can actually tell us? 
Steve Filton: Yeah. It's a good question Ken. And to be honest, I think we have always been a company that has not necessarily stressed the impact of the flu, but this clearly was one of the more severe flu seasons in a number of years, particularly in some of our markets. We calculate based on the incremental increase sort of respiratory discharges that there was probably a $0.05 or $0.06 benefit in the quarter from the flu. But again I am going to go back and give the operators credit because the flu by its nature is not sort of a high margin, high revenue business and the way you make it work is you have to control your length of stay, good throughput, control your expenses. And I think our operators did all that. And that's what sort of turns the incremental volumes into a $0.05 or $0.06 benefit. So, that's not a given when you have that flu volume that you are going to do well with it, but we did in the first quarter. 
Kenneth Weakley - Credit Suisse: Okay. I guess question number two, I guess for Alan. There has been huge heard General Electrical couple of weeks ago talking about the… it sounds like the CapEx spending of not-for-profits [ph] is coming under some pressure for a lot of good reasons. And I was just curious if you had a sense as to whether that was developing in your market in particular and most probably then just not might be allowing for as you go forward into next year or two? 
Alan Miller: We haven't really calculated it. I am not aware of any of things like that in our market but it will work to our advantage. 
Kenneth Weakley - Credit Suisse: Okay. All right. And then lastly, on Medicaid as we get into the… going into the second quarter, we'll have a lot of the stage coming up, any comments from either of you on Medicaid risk in Texas disproportionate share payments? 
Alan Miller: We have not seen any proposals to reduce disproportionate share payments. I think Medicaid in many states is kind of on the table as budget item. We said a couple of months ago and I think it's still true that right now with the proposals that have essentially been implemented or been committed to in Florida, in California which will have later in the year, I think that our Medicaid pricing that's embedded in our guidances which is only about zero to 1% increase blended for the year is still good. Obviously if some of the states that are considering it to make more draconian cuts to Medicaid, it could be challenging to us. But that's something we'll have to continue to watch, as it moves along. And obviously, I think it's very dependent on exactly how severe or precisely how severe the economy or the weakening in the economy gets. If I think it extends only for another quarter or two, the states probably I think handle it. If not, there are certainly going to look at their own budgets and their own spending. 
Kenneth Weakley - Credit Suisse: Okay. All right. Good enough. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Gallucci of Merrill Lynch. 
Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning. The leverage obviously was tremendous down to the bottom line. So I am a little bit curious to try and dive a little deeper into the volume side if I could Steve. You are 0.8% on same-store growth, but Centennial has cannibalized some business I guess on same store, did that another 50 or 100 basis points if you were sort of to try normalize for that? 
Steve Filton: I mean our guesstimate of that is that about a third of Centennial's admissions came from our existing facilities. And so if you added that back to our same-store volumes, it would add probably about 70 or 80 basis points of admissions back. We get to about 1.5 or so, 1.6 from 0.8. The other thing that we talked about at the end of the year and the dynamic is the same is that we are down quite a bit in the McAllen market in both the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year in OB volumes because the competitor… physician-owned competitor hospital opened an OB service. That is not very profitable business to us. So if you add those admissions back, if you add McAllen back and you add a third of Centennial's admissions back, you probably get to about a 3% same-store acute admission growth for the quarter and we attribute about half of that increase to the flu. So that's I think the biggest moving pieces of admissions for the quarter. 
Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: And then of course I think you mentioned earlier, you had a pretty tough comp given sort of some other dynamics a year ago in Las Vegas. So a very strong volume now. What was there, what about was in the payor mix sort of. Was there - Medicaid I think might have been down you said with COB [ph], the last OB volume in McAllen? What about in Medicare and managed care, but it was skewed towards managed care? 
Steve Filton: Yeah I think that the other sort of significant trend in the quarter beyond flu on the the Acute side was, we saw a pretty sizable increase in managed care volumes. Some of that is flu related, but clearly a portion of it is not. And we can go sort of market-by-market and identify some new contracts that we have or specific market where we know, we are taking managed care market share from a competitor. But in general, I would say that our managed care volumes were up probably close to 6% for the quarter, and I think may be 3% of it is clearly attributable to flu or specific contract, but half of it is just general strength in managed care volumes. And obviously I think it's the provider side of what many of the managed care companies have been reporting over the last few weeks, we certainly had been experiencing that trend and obviously that as helped pricing. So in a quarter in which we have seen, compared to last year, a fairly significant increase on insured charity care etcetera, although it was comparable to the full year of last year it was quite a bit over last year. So to have that number quite a bit over last year and still have 5.3% pricing increases in Acute care, I think it reflects the overall strength in that managed care volume.
Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Right. So it's still not your best payor mix, your best payor grow the fastest. And what about the sustainability, was it spread across market fairly evenly or is it really concentrated, let's say in Vegas? 
Steve Filton: No. I think it was spread. We had a good quarter in Vegas, there is no doubt. Obviously as point out, there is a tough comparison, but if you look at our minority interest line, you can tell that the greatest portion of that relates to Vegas and you can see that it's up and we had a strong quarter in Vegas, but with every strength throughout the portfolio as well in the number of other markets. So that managed care dynamic especially we felt in a number of our large numbers, and frankly even in some of our small markets.
Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: And I guess just last one. Absolute pricing for managed care is pretty steady or is that gotten better or worse? 
Steve Filton: No, I think it's been pretty steady from our perspective. I mean again to me the story of the quarter is managed care volume, 6% is sort of the best that we have seen in some time. Managed care pricing I think is still on that 6% to 7% range, which has been pretty consistent for a couple of years now.
Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Chiprich of BMO Capital Markets. 
Erik Chiprich - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning, and thanks for taking the question. Nice job on the quarter. Wondering though in regards to McAllen, I know you talked about some of the challenges there. Is the profitability up year-over-year in that facility with lost volume? And then I know you guys have been pretty patient in that market, just curious if you can give us an update on what your strategy is going forward there? 
Steve Filton: Sure. I mean the profitability of the McAllen market is definitely better than it was in the first quarter of last year, and I think there's a couple of factors to that. One is our uninsured expense is lower. We made some changes frankly in our uninsured accounting in the McAllen market specifically last year's first quarter. I don't think it much affected our consolidated results, but it was specific to the McAllen market, and so the comparison to this year looks like a favorable one. But as I said earlier in response to a question, even with significantly reduced volumes in that market, the operators in that market have reduced their expenses in such a way that our margins have actually risen and so we are doing better in that market, although in fairness a good portion of that was built into our own expectation and our own guidance. So McAllen is well ahead of last year, a little bit ahead of our own internal result. 
Erik Chiprich - BMO Capital Markets: Got you. And then can you give us an update for the contract renegotiations with Sierra in United and Las Vegas and what then anything you are hearing on HCA getting back in the contract? 
Steve Filton: To the best of our knowledge HCA is not back in the contract and/or back into the Sierra network. And from what we hear from both Sierra and HCA, there is no imminent plans to have them back in the network. We have signed a three year renewal with Sierra that will extend, will take effect that I think in May and extend out for the next three year. So we feel like we've just gone a long way to cement what is a very good market position from our perspective and a very strong relationship with the biggest payor in the Las Vegas market. And that is basically based on the legacy Sierra business, and I think specifically provides for the fact that it does not apply to the legacy United business. So at some point when the United contract is up, which is not for some time, that contract will either separately be renegotiated or United will try and fold it's subscribers into other products and it's other products in the market. 
Erik Chiprich - BMO Capital Markets: And what type of increases did you see on the three year renewal? 
Steve Filton: I think as is historically being the case, they are a little bit lower than the average increases that we mentioned or I just mentioned in response to Tom's question of 6% or 7% just a little bit lower than that, but in our mind well worth it for the significant business that we get from again what is the largest payor in that market. 
Erik Chiprich - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thanks very much for the update. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mathew Borsch of Goldman Sachs 
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Hi thanks for taking our question this is Shelley Gnall in for Matt Borsch. I guess our first question is on the bad debt, looks like it was up sequentially into the quarter. I was relating [ph] to the comment, are you seeing any, could that be related to job loss or I guess specifically insured job loss in any of your market. 
Steve Filton: Shelley what I said before, I said in my prepared remarks as well was that the total of bad debt and Charity care and uninsured discount and I think you need to look it all three together, is running at about the same percentage as it ran for full year 2007. Frankly that's well within our expectations, we actually expected that number to tick up a little bit in 2008 and so far it hasn't and we are obviously grateful for that. In all honesty while the economic news coming out of many of our markets including Las Vegas is not great, we have not felt a pinch in too many of our markets. Other than in Florida which we mentioned in our year-end call, and particularly on the East Coast of Florida. And it's not something that we are feeling as yet in our markets. We certainly are watching it very carefully and its possible that I think if the economy continues to weaken, we will, but so far our fingers our crossed, we are not getting pinched a whole lot. 
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. And then I guess a related question. In surgical does the (inaudible) expense looks like it was little bit better. Clearly there's a lot of flu in the market, but can you talk a little about the demand in the utilization you are seeing in surgeries. 
Steve Filton: Our surgeries were relatively flat for the quarter. Yeah as you point out because of the emphasis on flu, which is not a supply intensive diagnosis that will drive it down a little bit. I think the other the only others sort of notable dynamics is that in the Las Vegas market, we saw a decline in some of our very highly intensive supply type surgeries, spine surgeries etcetera. And frankly at the end of the day I think that probably wasn't a bad thing for us because of the cost of those procedures I don't know that we make much of margins so their essence really didn't hurt us and certainly make margins probably look a little better. 
Shelley Gnall - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking my question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Gurda of Bear Stearns. 
Jason Gurda - Bear Stearns: Good morning. Steve, I think you had said that your case mix was up. Do you have a sort of indication of what type of - since your surgery volume were flattish, what was sort of procedure are driving the increase in the case mix? 
Steve Filton: We did have a small, I would say, may be 2.5%, 3% increase in our case mix which is pretty strong especially given the fact that we did have so many more flu cases. As we look at cost that diagnosis group there is no other sort of diagnosis group that tends to dominate that. And again I would sort of tie it back to increase in managed care utilization. Those managed care patients tend to be younger patients who are in the hospital for some sort of procedure as oppose to Medicare patients who are more weighted toward medical cases where they are in four, in many cases longer length of stay etcetera and not necessarily severe illnesses. So I think it's tied to the kind of slant towards more managed care business in the quarter. 
Jason Gurda - Bear Stearns: Okay. And if I could -- Alan if I could ask a couple of questions just related to your experience in the industry. Your thoughts on how a recession would impact volumes or if you have thoughts on how it would impact volumes in the past and also nursing cost?
Alan Miller: Interestingly the beginnings of our recession or slowdown, people tend to use hospitalization more because they had coverage. And coverage extends for 18 months and cover [ph]. So usually this industry does a little better when the economy slows down. Obviously if it continues for a long period of time, you are not going to be able absorb it, but in the shorter run you do pretty well. And obviously we haven't seen anything there. There was an earlier question on that. With regard to nursing, I don't see any differences other than perhaps people move from an industry that is laying off workers and you get some people who go into the nursing field. The best I could do on that. 
Jason Gurda - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Darren Lehrich of Deutsche Bank. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, good morning everyone. I do have a follow-up question regarding the Sierra renewal. Steve just two things there; first, were you able to secure annual inflators in the contract or is there just a one time increase that you've negotiated? 
Steve Filton: No Darren. We will get an increase kind of as I described Mr. Eric just little bit less than our average in each of the three years of the contract. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then were there any bells and whistles in the contract relating to quality or you are doing anything along those lines which we have pay for performance? 
Steve Filton: No in all honestly other than the increase rates, I think the contract looks very much like our last contract, and there were no major changes. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay, fair enough. And then Centennial Hills, you've spoken about the impact in and I guess we can go back and figure out where you might be senses wise. But can you just give us a sense for where you thought you would be by the end of the year in Centennial Hills with senses and where that squares with, the first quarter just to put your comments about it being a little bit better than expected in the context. 
Steve Filton: Sure I mean, I think and to be honest I don't remember sort of with in our guidance where we pegged Centennial for later in the year. But for the first quarter we sort of thought Centennial would open in its first quarter and kind of a 34-40 ADC range and they have been more in a 55 -60 ADC range. And I think just as important as I mentioned before, the quality of the payor mix is probably little bit better than we anticipate. Although we anticipated frankly it would be a little bit better than Spring Valleys experienced, but I think its been even lower better than we expected. I don't want to read too much into a couple of months worth of results, but again I mean we just love where Centennial is positioned in the market, we just think that its cannibalized less business than Spring Valley did when it opened and so the trends it is very encouraging, we feel better after more quarters and we feel better if we get to where we thought we'd be at the end of the year which is EBITDA positive, and we think we will get there. But we feel more confidence certainly at that point. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: And your MOB is at least up to this point? 
Steve Filton: It is up and a good portion of space is committed to it. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay, just a few other things here. CapEx you didn't comment at all about any change in your guidance. I think you were a little over $400 million projected. Is that still a safe range? 
Steve Filton: Yeah, I mean, obviously our guidance for the year is 400 to 425 of CapEx. We spend about little over 80 in the first quarter, so we are at somewhat slower rate than we projected. You can peg that to a couple of big projects. We got a little bit slower in Californian Palmdale then was our schedule. The pace is picking up and Texoma will get started in earnest with real construction spending in the back half after this year, it's clearly back half weighted. So, I think right now we still think we probably get to that number, we certainly are not going to exceed it but we are going to leave that guidance out there the way it stands, because we think the pace of our capital spending is going to pick up. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And Alan I know you responded to Ken's question, but I guess I will ask in a different way about CapEx. Is it fair to say that you and may be others industry are pushing out a little bit with regard to projects? It seems like that the budgeted spending is there, but the point of CapEx is gone a little bit slower, is that a fair observation Alan?
Alan Miller: It's gone slower, but it's not anything that we did by design. It's just a question of timing as the projects move along. So Steve pointed out, we are going to probably spend what we had announced earlier. It's just a timing question. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Fair enough. And then on Steve you had a couple of closures in behavioral, what was that? 
Steve Filton: We closed two very small facilities in the Behavioral division in the first quarter at a total of I think 28 license beds, and I think which is the function of sort of a niche programs that when they were not sort of meeting their demand, there was no point in keeping them operating. So they look to be significant in the number of facilities, but in terms of the actual capacity it's pretty immaterial. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and that's fair. And then last thing here. Are there any major systems or IT initiatives we should be aware of for the next two to three years at UHS? 
Steve Filton: No I think information technology like any of our capital investments it's something we are evaluating all the time and trying to make sure that we are competitive etcetera. So I wouldn't say that it's not possible that we wouldn't have a significant investment in IT clinicals or something down the road, but at the moment there is no such commitment. But the process is kind of a continuing one that's underway all the time. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks nice job. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justine Lake of UBS. 
Justine Lake - UBS: Thanks. Good morning. Just looking at a bead of this size and just would love to spend a minute going through some of the pieces. I mean I know you've identified flu is $0.05 of the bead. I'm just curious if you can walk us through; versus your plan I think you said that the bead was $0.25 better than your plan. Can you tell us how much of that came from the different components, whether I guess like kind of look at the business and say how much came from Vegas, from Syke [ph] and then just from better operating expenses and then maybe the rest of the acute is? 
Steve Filton: Sure I mean I think Justine some of this is not absolute precise science, because some of these issues overlap. We would say, I think I answered Ken weekly before that the flu contributed probably $0.05 or $0.06 bead. I think that the performance, the overall performance of the Vegas market contributed probably a similar amount. We probably got $0.04 or $0.05 from the rest of the Acute division and $0.04 or $0.05 from the Behavioral division, $0.03 or $0.04 just from interest expense being less then we expected. And those are probably the major components of it. 
Justine Lake - UBS: Got it. I mean it looked like there was a lot on the margins and I know you talked about lower nursing cost. Any other may be malpractice or anything else that you saw in the quarter that might not be sustainable? Or might have been kind of may be more one-time in nature other than the flu. 
Steve Filton: I think that the other the piece that, we our challenged in explaining and predicting at sustainability is this, the nature of the increase in managed care utilization. And just as I know you know as well as anybody that managed care companies have struggled mightily in the last few weeks to explain that and there doesn't seem to be one single cohesive explanation. We obviously as a provider are benefiting from that, and so we are not as pleasured to explain it as they are, but it's hard to know how sustainable that is. And as you know, I mean obviously the managed care companies are certainly going to alter their behaviors I assume over the next ensuing quarters to try and get their spending under control. Now a lot of our contractual pricing is fixed for a extended period of time, but certainly from a utilization perspective and those sort of issues, I assume the managed care industry is going become more aggressive and so the that's a little bit hard to predict. Obviously, I think the behavioral results you been sustained already for a while, I don't know we can stay at that 9% revenue growth rate but got to be able to keep some where in that neighborhood. And you know interest expense is hard to predict, but obviously it helps that we are generating more cash and spending less of it for CapEx, so we'll certainly have that benefit going forward. 
Justine Lake - UBS: Got it. To the extent that you have visibility, can you give us update on how April's running versus the first three months of the year? 
Steve Filton: Yeah, I mean the only problem was sort of giving that intra month call is, that it's almost purely based on volumes and volumes in April looked strong in both size of the business in both segments. Obviously, it's hard to get a meaningful read on payor mix or some of the other issues or quality of the payors. But volumes themselves were pretty good in April. 
Justine Lake - UBS: Okay. And then just one quick follow-up on CapEx and not in a short term but just taking longer term. I look at your CapEx for '08 and '09 and there is a fair amount of new construction going on there in the Acute base. And correct me if I am wrong, but I kind of targeted around may be $200 million a year of just purely new construction. 
Steve Filton: I would say between 150 and 200 has been the number in '06,'07,'08. 
Justine Lake - UBS: Okay. You've got that spending for '09. Is there any spending that you've got, that's kind of… is there any plans for 2010 or I think we've spoken offline about the fact that you might be reevaluating the level of CapEx you put into the Acute business especially outside Vegas given the performance. Anything there or do you still expect to become materially more cash flow positive from a free cash flow standpoint in 2010? 
Steve Filton: No, I think your first point is the relevant one, and we've talked of quite a bit publicly about the fact that these three new hospital projects being Centennial, Palmdale and Texoma are probably a total of a little over $500 million of capital spending over essentially a three year period. That certainly affects the look at the capital numbers. Once Texoma is finished in early 2010, we at the moment don't have any other commitment of that magnitude on the table and our expectation is short of that or our capital spending will progressively decline as we get there. 
Justine Lake - UBS: That's great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Frank Morgan of Jefferies & Co. 
Frank Morgan - Jefferies & Co: Good morning. Two questions, Steve you mentioned about taking market share, it's a great think but do you have any good theories on why you are able to take market share. I think you mentioned it particularly on the table [ph] side mentioning Atlanta and Chicago. Any more color that you can give us on that. And then secondly on the MedMail side were there any releases of MedMail from prior periods, and kind of what's the current run-rate on that. Thanks. 
Steve Filton: No I mean there were no prior period impacts. Again I think we took back some reserves back in the second quarter of '07, which were well highlighted in that press release and we didn't count it in our sort of income from continuing operations that we disclosed, but in the quarter absolutely not. As far as the market share goes, I mean I think it's a function of having a preeminent market position in the markets that I cited, Atlanta etcetera. And I think that it's just easier to operate from a position of strength. And I think in some of our markets, some of our competitors have had some quality issues and that obviously provides an opportunity for us unfortunately for them to step up and where we have a strong reputation to go to referral sources and take market share. And again I think that's happened in a few markets. So much credit again goes to the operators. There's just not enough credit I think that can go the operators this quarter. This is a quarter in which they've really shown. 
Frank Morgan - Jefferies & Co: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Englander of Standard & Poor's. 
Jeffrey Englander - Standard & Poor’s: Good morning guys. Steve just back with me if you can on the other operatives, since I believe last quarter we had the same discussion in terms of them coming a little better than expected, and I know you in your earlier question didn't see anything specific there. But given this is two quarters in a row, and another competitor had a similar experience, is there anything you can put your on trends wise that may be happening there? 
Steve Filton: Well let me say couple of things Jeff. One it's just kind of a mechanical thing that I know at least some analyst have in their model. We've had over the last probably four or five quarters about $20 million a quarter in other operating expense on average related to this construction management contract. And if that's what people had modeled in, in the first quarter, we only round off with about $5 million, which is just really a timing issue. But probably there is about $15 million of, I would say $10 million to $15 million in our own internal modeling and I think in what a lot of other people had related to this construction management contract that destroys that a little bit. By the way they probably… If you have that, you probably have that in other revenue as well. Other than that, again we touched on these things; malpractice expense is down, registry is down, we are getting some benefits from the integration of Texoma which has now been in the portfolio for five quarters, we are getting some benefit in the Laredo market from a transaction in which we combine a surgery center that we were joint ventured in, in the market with our hospital and consolidated the two physical entities and that produces some economies. And then as I just said, I mean, I think when you have 7% same-store revenue growth in Acute, and 9% in Behavioral and two businesses that are largely fixed cost businesses there is operating leverage available. And it's incumbent upon the operators to execute their plan in the first quarter. And frankly in the fourth quarter last year they did so. 
Jeffrey Englander - Standard & Poor’s: So, the other question would be. Can you talk a little bit about may be the economy between what's happening in the economies particularly in Las Vegas? And what you are seeing in your operations and any thoughts on why you might be seeing that? 
Steve Filton: Well, the one thing that I would say is that most of the economic news, let's start by saying that. Historically, I think the economic metric that has most affected hospitals is unemployment rates and as people lose their jobs, as Alan indicated with a lag that creates a problem for us because they lose their health insurance; eventually, they loose their health insurance associated with their job. But actually as you know, I mean unemployment rates have not gone up terribly dramatically. There has been lots of talk about foreclosure rates and housing starts and all the signals of the economy is weakening but in most of our markets, that hasn't translated yet to a measurable increase in unemployment rates, and I think that may well be why we are not feeling a pinch yet. I don't know whether it will ultimately translate and if does, as Alan said, we may not feel that for at least a couple of quarters, but I think that's probably why when you pick up the newspaper and read some pretty grim stories, that's why it's not translating directly to our business just yet in most our markets. 
Jeffrey Englander - Standard & Poor’s: Great. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Bonello of Wachovia. 
Alan Miller: We are not a discretionary business, I mean to a large extent. 
Operator: Bill, still your line is open. 
Bill Bonello - Wachovia: Can you guys hear me? 
Steve Filton: I can hear you, Bill. 
Bill Bonello - Wachovia: Okay. Steve, you talked about the April trends and that the volume is pretty strong, and but be careful to read too much into that and it's hard to tell on the payor mix. So, just to be perfectly clear, can you not tell yet whether that exceptionally strong managed care volume growth has continued in April. You don't know where the volume is coming from? 
Steve Filton: It's a little bit hard to get that sort of clarity of the data kind of on an intra-month basis, I mean, again Bill it seems that a lot of those trends are continuing to April but it's very difficult to say that with definitiveness. 
Bill Bonello - Wachovia: Okay. And then totally separate subject and maybe a question more for Alan. But it seems like at least that what we were hearing out there was maybe at one point in time earlier in the year, you guys were pretty actively at least considering some of the acquisition opportunities that were out there. And I am just curious what your thoughts are on acquisitions these days? What the marketplace is like? Is that something you would bite off if the right opportunity came along et cetera? 
Alan Miller: Yes, we would. We have consistently said that our acquisition activity relates to the opportunities. And we are in a good position. We have available capital and if we see a good opportunity we are very actively looking. But, as I said earlier, we also have a disciplined approach to it. There have been a number of opportunities coming by in the behavioral end, and we have passed on them because of price or because of what we felt the future growth of those facilities might be. But we are very actively out there, and we would be happy to make acquisitions and are capable of doing so. 
Bill Bonello - Wachovia: And just in terms of the competitive environment or the type of opportunities you are seeing in both Behavioral and Acute, is anything changing there? Is there, maybe less competition that multiples might start to come down or starting to see any sort of better looking properties coming up for sale? 
Alan Miller: Frankly, in the acute end of it, I think it's fair to say surprised that there haven't been more acquisition opportunities, and there just haven't been. We expected competitors to be selling more facilities and the good ones, and we haven't seen that. But we are continually looking and we are in the market. In the behavioral end, I think it's about the same, maybe pricing has moderated a little bit as our competitors are realizing that if you pay up, you don't get as good return or you don't get the return you should be getting. But we are patient and we are particular. 
Bill Bonello - Wachovia: Okay. Thanks a million. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Ransom of Raymond James & As. 
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Hi, good morning. Just looking at some individual states, are you hearing anything about Dish programs? I know, Texas is off cycle. But is there anything going on with discussion about disproportionate share program in the state, fiscal year back half of calendar '08? 
Steve Filton: John, I mean, obviously as you point out, Texas is the state where we get the lion share of our disproportionate Medicaid [ph] portion of share payments. And we've really not heard anything about their state fiscal year or our disproportionate share payment is locked in now and through August of this year, and then their fiscal year begins in September of '08. And I think that they haven't even to the best of our knowledge sort of put that on the agenda yet. So, the one thing that I always sort of point out to people is that because the lion share of disproportionate share of monies go to public hospitals and hospitals that treat a large share of indigent patients et cetera. It's a politically sensitive area and so there is a fair amount of political cover that goes along with it. And I don't know that the state is out to protect UHS but I think they are generally … there are a lot of underlying constituencies that are out to protect the hospitals that receive disproportionate share of funds. So, we have been getting disproportionate share for many, many years and it changes year-to-year and there is some tweaks in the system but it's never been dramatically cut back and we don't have the expectation that it will be dramatically cut back this year. 
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Great. And my other question, I mean, just make sure this is clear in all the noise. The biggest change with respect to your expectations this quarter was the commercial volumes is that correct? Plus the cost controls? 
Steve Filton: I would say the impact of the flu season and the commercial volumes are two of those issues. 
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Now, that the flu season has receded, are you still saying similar commercial volume trends, so far this quarter because the only thing your guidance up $0.05 or so this quarter. Is there anything you've seen so far this quarter that suggest that was just a blip? 
Steve Filton: And that's … I know Bill Bonello asked the question, I think in a slightly different way. I think it's hard to say John, I mean, we can say that our volumes overall look relatively strong in the first … in April. But we don't have enough sort of deep-dive information to know the real payor mix the way that slices from a payor mix perspective just yet. 
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Bachman of Longbow Research. 
David Bachman - Longbow Research: Hey, good morning and nice quarter guys. I think most of my questions have been answered here. But just back to interest expense, that was a little bit better. What should we be looking at through the rest of the year, just generally on that? 
Steve Filton: I mean, obviously, I think that the run-rate for interest expense, I mean, I am not about to predict what direction rates go. I'll leave that to people who are smarter than me but from our own internal perspective, our borrowings will increase to the extent that our capital spending raise pick-up if in fact they do obviously the flip side of that is we generated a lot more cash in the quarter than we expected. So, I think that we probably will have a little bit of a favorable variance going forward on interest rates, is what we would expect and frankly bake that into our revised guidance for the year. 
David Bachman - Longbow Research: Okay. So, your guidance reflects at least directionally something positive there. 
Steve Filton: I think that's right. 
David Bachman - Longbow Research: Okay. And then you've got to nitpick here to look for anything negative. On the behavioral side, obviously, strong volumes pretty happy with where the pricing came in or is there, is that looks like it might have been slightly less than we thought it might be? 
Steve Filton: I mean, I think we've said for the last few quarters that Behavioral pricing is on a low-end of the range of our expectation, but you are right I mean it's a little bit of nip. And also I would say this, I think that the two dynamics go together. When you got 8% same store admission growth, it gives you little bit leeway about picking patients etcetera. And you are trying to get patients in and out and just meet your demand, and I don't know that you can be quite as selective as you would otherwise be, so think the tow go together. It's tough to have great pricing when you've got such strong admission growth. 
David Bachman - Longbow Research: Sure. Okay that makes sense. And then you've given a lot of credit to your operators for last and this quarter and performing to play in. On the cost side, what's the key metrics that they have to meet? Is it really staffing or is that biggest thing under their control? 
Steve Filton: Well staffing is our probably biggest variable cause. But I think again the issue is, what I tried to stress is that, when you have 7% same store growth of Acute, 9% same store revenue growth in Behavioral. It provides an opportunity for leverage, but what the operators have to do is control their staffing and make sure that their semi-fixed and fixed cost remains fixed and that their cost don't slide, and that's, that's a battle every single day. They've got a very complicated job, and again, I think in the last couple of quarters they performed exceptionally well. 
David Bachman - Longbow Research: Okay, and then just one last follow up on that. It seems to me that in a weakening economy, it may be a little easier to squeeze, coverage - those coverage out of your existing staff that you would have otherwise people's willingness to a pick up extra hours or extra shift. I mean is that a safe assumption? 
Steve Filton: No I think it's fair, and I think it was Jason Gurda who asked kind of similar question before. If you look back on at the last time that registry expense peaked, was sort of in the summer of 2001 and it's starting to go down after that and not coincidently that was in the middle of last recession that we went through. So, I think it is true and Alan kind of alluded to it before, when we are in a recession nurses some of them return to work or take more hours if their spouses are laid off or whatever the issue is. But it's easier to deal with it. So, I think actually, that aspect of our business may get a little easier in an economically depressed time period. There may be other aspect of the business that are more of a challenge, but I think the labor side may provide a few opportunity for us. 
David Bachman - Longbow Research: And obviously there wasn't a flu running rapid among your staff which cut the lot of mischief as well. 
Steve Filton: And again here is another place we give the operator credit. We had a severe flu season that surprised most people; and its easy to have the registry expense go up in an environment like that. And as I said our registry expense was actually down considerably for the quarter. So, just a good job by those who staff arsenals [ph]. 
David Bachman - Longbow Research: I am going to try to squeeze in one other quick question here. On the CMS recovery audits, do you guys have any comments on that or looking any thoughts on how to handle that when that gets rolled out and I guess January '09 now? 
Steve Filton: No. And look this is just revenue enhancement, revenue raiser for the government. They are going to try and raise as much money as they can, and if they can't do it by lowering Medicare rates, they'll do it by trying to recover previously made payments and we just have to make sure that all our eyes are dotted and T's are crossed and that the government isn't doing anything or trying to recover money in violation of their own rules. So it's kind of a hassle for us, but we just paid closer attention to what we are doing in those areas that they are auditing. 
David Bachman - Longbow Research: Okay, great. Nice quarter again. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Whit Mayo of Stephens. 
Whit Mayo - Stephens: Thanks guys for squeezing me in at the last minute, I'll make it quick. Steven the 300 to 350 to 400 beds that you are adding this year in your Behavioral division, does that include the 140 that you added this quarter. 
Steve Filton: Yes. 
Whit Mayo - Stephens: Okay. And of all those beds that you are adding this year, are all of those additional beds you are adding to current facilities or some of those or are any of those De novo projects. 
Steve Filton: No I don't think we have De novo projects on the current facility. 
Whit Mayo - Stephens: Okay. And can you comment just quickly about how maybe the Easter shift impacted your business at all. I mean over 9% same store is really strong, but just any adverse impact there. 
Steve Filton: No. We saw maybe a little softness right in the couple of days before Easter and right after Easter, but I would say it didn't have a meaningful impact on the quarter. 
Whit Mayo - Stephens: Okay. And one other quick question, you talked earlier about the construction project. Can you give us an update on when that trails off, how much contributed in the quarter, and do you guys expect any other contract at some point? 
Steve Filton: We probably had about a $1 million of EBITDA related to that project in the first quarter. Probably as we close, that facility is now open and so we are just sort of closing out the accounting and final billing for and there's probably maybe another $1 million of trailing EBITDA next quarter perhaps. As we talked about in our year-end call, we have a second contract that we - and I mentioned in my opening remarks that we feel likely to finalize. There's probably given the timing out $3 million or $4 million of potential EBITDA to be had in the back half of '08 related to that contract, but in fairness we'd already included that in our even our original guidance and obviously in our revise guidance as well. 
Whit Mayo - Stephens: Okay that's it. Thanks guys, good job. 
Steve Filton: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andreas Dirnagl of JPMorgan 
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan: Good morning guys. At this point most of my questions have been answered, so just a couple of subtleties may be. Alan when you were talking about the acquisition environment on the both sides of the business. I guess, I would characterize it as sort of may be a little bit of head scratching, that there isn't enough or there aren't a lot of assets for sale. On the Acute side and on the Behavioral side its more pricing oriented. On that point are you finding that you're sitting at the table with people who are outbidding you, or are you finding that sort of seller expectation have gone up. 
Steve Filton: Andreas let me take a shot at that. Interestingly I think as Alan said, on the Acute side, we're just not seeing very many opportunities. I mean the reality is, I think most of the deals that have been done recently have been other for-profit sellers, selling to for-profit sellers. And generally, I won't say you make a blank statement, but generally those are properties that are not necessarily of great interest to us. On the Behavioral side, I think that, there has been over a number of years, a lack of sort of interest in that business and then over the last three or four there has been kind of renewed interest and so I think there is sort of a backlog of demand for those properties, and therefore we haven't seen and obviously that's the business that hasn't faced some of the headwinds that the Acute businesses has faced. I think we still see that the multiples in that business can be pretty high, and again as Alan indicated we take a look at most just about every opportunities that's out there. And if the bidding gets to a point where we think it just doesn't make sense anymore, we are okay, we are dropping out. But again I think on the Behavioral side it's more of a pricing issue, on the Acute side I think it's just the availability of properties themselves. 
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan: Okay. And then may be trying to yet again sort of slice and dice this whole managed care increase that you've seen in terms of volume. I guess the concern that's running through a lot of the question, let me state it out right is. Is this sustainable or not or are we seeing an acceleration of elective procedure sort of prior to sort of recessionary or an economic downturn. And may be the question I have is, how do you think your operators are preparing for that, because clearly you staff differently depending on what you think it is? 
Steve Filton: Well, yeah. And by the way I mean Andreas I appreciate you are being upfront about it, but we are certainly not trying to hide the notion that some of this increase may not be sustainable…. 
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan: Absolutely. 
Steve Filton: I think our guidance is realistic in terms of not, our not taking stand that is absolutely is sustainable. I don't know, I mean like I said before, the managed care companies who frankly I think probably should have a better handle on this than the provider themselves, I think have been struggling with why some of these utilization data points have increased pretty dramatically pretty quickly. And I am not sure that I have any great explanations beyond what has sort of offered out there already. So, all I can say about how we are handling this is our operators are certainly not behaving as if this is volume and this is payor mix that's going to continue indefinitely, and we are not staffing up or ramping up for a wholly different business model or anything like that. And again I think we are in a position to react relatively, flexibly to whichever way this goes. If the business is sustainable, I think, we are prepared to deal with that and if it's not, I think, we are prepared for that as well. 
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan: Okay Great. And then you have been very upfront about the uncertainty surrounding this. But sort of just one more quick one maybe just to confirm I mean, you are really seeing no specific trend on that sort of extra managed care volume in terms of, I mean, is there any ability to sort of characterize it as more elective in nature versus acute or there is a lot of orthopedic in there, which has a lot of elective procedures in it; anything along those lines? 
Steve Filton: No, again. I think some of is flu related. That sort of fits if it's into what, obviously, others have reported but we saw an uptick in our patient surgeries in our managed care business and in some other diagnoses, so I don't know that there is a kind of a single comprehensive explanation to point to. 
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan: Okay, great, Steve. Thank you. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Christine Arnold of Morgan Stanley. 
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley: Thanks for fitting me and sorry I was sort of delayed coming back from presentation. It seems like the real issue here just to probe on the commercial volumes is whether or not sustainable, which is what everyone is asking about. So, what's really astounding is that the volume was so good in the first quarter, which is when deductibles generally reset and meet volume kind of seasonally for the managed care companies. And managed care companies aren't admitting to an increase in volume. They are saying that the pricing perhaps just are getting better. So, couple of questions here. Give a sense for how many … as you look at your employer base in your market, is it mostly large employers who had reset co-pays and deductibles in January and mostly small employers where it kind of renews throughout the year? 
Steve Filton: My general sense to that Christine is that, both small and large employers have gone down the benefit plan design route in '05 and '06 and increase co-pays and deductibles dramatically in those years. And we clearly saw a less of it in '07 and I haven't seen real hard data in '08 but my guess is we probably saw less of it in '08 because we know this is an employer of 40,000 people. There is only so much you can push those co-pays and deductibles before you create real dissatisfaction among your employee base. So, like everybody else, I think we raised ours in '05 and '06 and then kind of mute it in '07 and '08 and it just strikes me that that's the pattern that we've seen with most employers. 
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So, part of this could be a wear-off of a deductible effect? 
Steve Filton: No. I think that's an element of it for sure. 
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then have you highlighted, I thought as I missed a bunch of this, have you highlighted the profile of the ex-flu admissions which is 5 to 6 volume from managed care, half of that was flu, but that still leaves you with strong 2% to 3% volume ex-flu and which is above baseline. So, is it dialysis? Because re-insurance companies are saying it's dialysis and premies that they are seeing driving kind of volumes or is it something else in terms of the procedures? 
Steve Filton: I think its … I mentioned this to Andrea, I mean, I think it's across the board. I don't think it's specific to a single diagnosis. It's into an out-patient surgeries and it's in other in and out-patient diagnosis, so. In some ways I think that, kind of, is encouraging that it may be sustainable but because it's not in a one particular place, but it's not easy to pinpoint from our perspectives. 
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley: I appreciate that. Then last question, you have great cash flow, you showed CapEx restrain. This quarter you repurchased shares. Do you target being cash well positive like operating cash flow minus CapEx or is that something that doesn't even enter kind of your process as you look out and look forward, as you want that levered, so it's not like as a challenge to get more leverage. How do you think about that? 
Steve Filton: Right. I mean, I think that our original projections for the year assume that we would be in that bar or given the fact that we already bought back $90 million worth of shares in the first quarter. And we had a $400 million to $425 million capital budget. Obviously, if we are able to sustain the operating performance that we have, that should improve some but, no. And then, I think getting back to so I think Justin Lake's question before. I think after 2008, we assume that we would become a net re-payor of debt as our CapEx started to skinny back a little bit. 
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley: All right. Thanks for taking my question. 
Steve Filton: Thank you. 
Operator: There are no further questions in queue sir. 
Steve Filton: Okay. We appreciate everybody's time. And look forward to talking with everybody next quarter. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brent Turner - EVP of Finance and Administration Joey Jacobs - Chairman, President and CEO Jack Polson - CAO
Analysts: Ryan Daniels - William Blair Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch Ken Wekley - Credit Suisse John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners Whit Mayo - Stephens Jeff Englander - Standard & Poor's Frank Morgan - Jefferies and Company
Brent Turner: Good morning. I'm Brent Turner, Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration for Psychiatric Solutions, and I'd like to welcome you to PSI's conference call for the fourth quarter 2007. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay beginning today through March 6 by dialing 719-457-0820. The confirmation number for the replay is 6726941. The replay may also be accessed through March 6 at our website, which is psisolutions.com, and earnings.com. To the extent that any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you may also find a reconciliation of that measure to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on the company's website by following the Investor link to News Releases and clicking on yesterday's news release. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements, among others, regarding Psychiatric Solutions expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2008. For this purpose, any statements made during this call that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, the words believes, anticipates, plans, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are hereby cautioned that these statements may be affected by the important factors, among others, set forth in Psychiatric Solutions' filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our fourth quarter news release, and consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. At this time for opening remarks, I will turn the conference over to our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Joey Jacobs.
Joey Jacobs: Thanks, Brent, and good morning. Thanks for being with us this morning to review a strong fourth quarter performance for PSI and another great year. The continuing strength of the PSI business model is evident in the 27% growth in earnings per diluted share for the fourth quarter and 30% growth in earnings for the year. These results were at the top-end of our guidance for each period and after we revised our annual guidance upward on two occasions after first establishing it in October 2006. In this respect, we are also pleased today to be increasing our guidance for 2008 as a result of the recent decline in interest rates. Our earnings growth was driven by a 44% increase in our revenue for the fourth quarter and 45% for the year, both of which established new records for the company. Consistent with our historical performance, we produced this growth primarily through the addition of beds through our operations, the great majority of which resulted from acquisitions of inpatient facilities. We also benefited from solid growth in same-facility revenues of 6.5% for the year. True to our business model, this growth generated additional operating leverage, which we complemented through our ongoing initiatives to improve productivity and efficiency in each facility. As a result, we produced a new record for same-facility EBITDA margin of 200 basis points to 22.2% versus the fourth quarter of 2006. This performance was primary accountable for the 49.1% growth in PSI's consolidated adjusted EBITDA for the quarter and its expansion as a percentage of revenue. We remain confident about our prospects to drive same-facility revenue growth for 2008 in our historic range of 7% to 9%. We are enhancing our ability to drive same-facility performance for 2008 as well as aggregate organic growth through the planned addition of nearly 600 beds in existing and new facilities during the year. In addition, PSI is well positioned to continue its long-term acquisition strategies by acquiring at least six inpatient facilities during 2008. We have a strong pipeline of candidates, a favorable pricing environment, and the financial resources to accomplish our goals. In summary, let me repeat that what you have heard before as we consider our strong prospects for long-term profitable growth. Our confidence in our future rests on our ability to continue implementing a proven business model and growth strategy and an industry's growth dynamics remain very favorable for PSI. Simply put, we are the clear leader in a highly fragmented capacity constrained growth industry. While we never take execution for granted, especially in terms of providing the highest quality of care for our patients and their families, we expect the PSI team to continue leveraging our strong momentum for future growth. Thank you again for your time this morning and for you support of PSI. I will now ask Jack Polson, our Chief Accounting Officer to review our fourth quarter financial results in more detail.
Jack Polson: Thank you Joey. Our revenue for the fourth quarter increased 44.1% to $403.4 million. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA grew 49.4% for the quarter totaling $72.3 million and increasing 60 basis points as a percentage of revenue to 17.9%. Income from continuing operations for the fourth quarter was $23.4 million, an increase of 29% over the prior year, while income from continuing operations per diluted share rose 27.3% to $0.42. PSI same facility revenue increased 5.3% for the quarter, primarily as a result of a 0.6% increase in patient days and 4.6% increase in revenue per patient day. We were extremely pleased with the 200 basis points expansion of our same facility EBITDA margin to 22.2% for the quarter, which compared to 20.2% for the fourth quarter of 2006, as well as with a 70 basis points expansion in total facility EBITDA to 20.8% As we've discussed with you before we are confident that overtime we continue to have several 100 basis points of margin potential remaining. As we successfully expand same facility revenue productivity and efficiency. As Joey indicated, our financial position at the end of 2007 and our continued strong cash flow from operations, positioned us well to pursue our expansion strategy during 2008. Cash flow of $125.7 million for the full year was 1.6 times income from continuing operations. The ratio of total debt at year end to pro forma annualized consolidated EBITDA for the fourth quarter again improved sequentially to 4.1 from 4.4 times for the third quarter and 4.6 for the second quarter. Turning to our financial guidance for 2008, and as described in yesterdays press release. We are increasing our previously established guidance range for 2008 by $0.10 to a new range of $1.93 to $1.97, which reflects the lower interest environment since we first provided guidance on November 1st. In addition, we today established our guidance for diluted earnings per share for the first quarter of 2008, in a range of $0.42 to $0.43. As always our guidance does not include the affect of any future acquisitions. This concludes our prepared remarks this morning. Operator, please open the floor for any questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And we will go first to Ryan Daniels with William Blair.
Ryan Daniels - William Blair: Hey, good morning, couple of quick questions on some of the financials. First, in the fourth quarter I noticed that CapEx jumped up nicely to about $25 million, which I think was a record for the company. Can you talk a little bit about what was in that number, and maybe give us a feel for what we should look forward for CapEx in 2008? 
Joey Jacobs: Yeah, I can briefly talk about that. We did have, I don't have the number exactly in front of me, but we had about 1.7% of CapEx in maintenance CapEx, the remainder being expansion CapEx. And that continues to be our expectation going forward with maintenance CapEx.
Ryan Daniels - William Blair: Okay. And then if we think about the same-store margins as we look out to early 2008, I know that ABS will be in the same-store for the full quarter. And I know you'll be putting on some new beds, which I would assume will enter at slightly lower margin at least upfront. Should we anticipate that same-store margins might come down a little bit early on in the year and start to rebound throughout the year?
Joey Jacobs: Ryan, this is Joey. I do need to make clear that ABS is in the same-store numbers for month of December. I don't know if everyone realizes that. We do have them in there and they will be in there for the first full quarter of this year. Same-store that we had for the first quarter of '07 was 20.4%. Hopefully our margin will stay at that level or above. They are in there for one month of the fourth quarter and our margin was 22% So, hopefully for doing our job, growing our census that our margins will hang in there and ABS is partially in there for the fourth quarter. So, 20.4 is the comp for the first quarter and of last year that we did for '07, so we will just wait and see, but I do think we'll have margin improvements.
Ryan Daniels - William Blair: Okay, and then anything with that being in there for month at ABS facilities on same-store growth basis to that, move the needle one way or another during the quarter, either up and down or is that fairly consistent?
Joey Jacobs: Absolutely it hurt as the same-store metrics on patient days.
Ryan Daniels - William Blair: Okay.
Joey Jacobs:
f:
Ryan Daniels - William Blair: Yeah.
Joey Jacobs: So, once again we are very bullish on the Pines, it's positioned well, its census is growing back. But once again this project is a four year project versus what we normally say when we acquire a facility, a three year project. But that's been fairly communicated out there, but it is in our same store numbers and the 0.6 is very disappointing. We wanted to have more than that and we think this year that we will. Please everyone needs to keep in mind the same the 9% same-store revenue growth, that's an annual goal. And we ended up with 6.5, through the first nine months we were there, we let it slip away in the fourth quarter and we will redouble our efforts this year to make sure we are in the same 9% range.
Ryan Daniels - William Blair: Okay, that's helpful color, and then two more quick ones, and I will hop off or get into the queue. Just on the other operating expenses, I know that came in a little lower than our model. I guess looking back over last few years, it appears that, it actually always comes down in the fourth quarter sometimes as a percent of revenue it has actually come down even more sequential than we saw this quarter, but is there anything you need kind of seasonal aspect so that they push that down typically in Q4?
Joey Jacobs: Two things occur there and Ryan the things are going back and doing the research, other expense ended up at 9.3% of revenue for the year and 9.3% last year for 2006. So if I were modeling for 2008, and what our internal budget shows, we are right in that 9.3% of revenue for that category. The only thing unusual to is that we've acquired Horizon on June 1st, so the third of last year we would be conservative in our accruals for such things as insurance in other areas travel, entertainment, recruitment those things, repair and maintenance there.
Ryan Daniels - William Blair: Right.
Joey Jacobs: And our fourth quarter is always a quarter where we true those up for the whole year. And I think you saw in last year of '06 that it had been running above nine, drops below nine for the fourth quarter and it did it this year. So this is what occurred there, but as far as modeling for 2008, a little guidance there I would use 9.3, because it's been that number for the past two years.
Ryan Daniels - William Blair: Perfect, and then last one just got some questions about the [MedCal] cuts, that doesn't impact you because you have all acute there right. So you don't really have any California Medicaid, is that fair to say?
Joey Jacobs: That is fair to say that those cuts are not really impacting us.
Ryan Daniels - William Blair: Perfect. Alright, thanks, guys.
Joey Jacobs: Thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Adam Feinstein with Lehman Brothers.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Joey Jacobs: Hey, Adam.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: I guess several questions here and just a follow-up on the question on the other operating expense line. So your point is always that you'll continue to see it run at about 9.3% of revenues. But even just looking besides the percentages the absolute dollar is being down, I guess is what I was having a hard time reconciling. So if we go back to 9.3 it would imply that the dollars will go up in the first quarter by about $6 million. Once again, can we just talk through that, I understand that [hordes] may have taken that number up in the third quarter. But just once again looking at the absolute dollar just trying to better understand that trend? And then I have a couple of follow-up questions.
Joey Jacobs: Sure Adam, now quite frankly I am optimistic that we can bring it in below 9.3 for this year. But usually we don't give guidance out for individual specific items like that. So though that may have been just a little overstatement in the accruals for the third quarter and we true them up in the fourth quarter, so if we were to take $1 million, just for an example, I’m not saying that’s the number or anything because I haven’t gone back and done the detail or if you took $1 million and added, you know, took it from one quarter put it into the next quarter, it doesn’t take a lot to move those numbers around there percentage wise so we’re very comfortable with the 9.3. And the fourth quarter historically is a quarter where we do focus on expense management because between Thanksgiving and January 1st we know our census is going to drop and we’re managing as much as the expense items as we can, and if that means postponing travel or some expenses that we can postpone we will do that. That’s the reason you see the seasonality I think in the fourth quarter.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay and then just a follow up on another cost line item is just the bad debt expense, you guys have made some progress there. So I guess just comments, how much of the improvement was just from the acquisitions getting better?
Joey Jacobs: We had a great bad debt month. We had a consistent great bad debt year. I think it came in at 1.9% for the year so and that’s comparable to the previous year. I will say that ABS that our folks there have done a good job since that acquisition and so we are positive there, the facility that had bad debt issues with Horizon, we have been working hard on that facility too. So there has been a lot of work by our business office directors in all of our facilities, and our CFOs and our division business office people. So that's just a lot of effort on good work, and once again, with us, we've said it many times before, always use four quarters for us. Always use four quarters for us when you are looking at trends and whatever and we think bad debt came in right where it should have come in.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay, and then just, with respect to the first quarter, I guess, the Easter holidays little bit earlier this year, just trying to factor that in, but then you do have an easier comp in the first quarter because you had a very robust same-store revenue growth last year in the first quarter. So, can you just talk around that, in terms of any items that will impact Q1 that we should be thinking about?
Joey Jacobs: Well, the only thing really Adam, the only thing Adam that you should really think about is the Pines facility. You do not grow 80 patients back in one month or two months or three months. We are growing that facility back, and I think its census now has tripped back over 200 patients there so, it will take us all year to get back to that 275-280 number so, that's going to hurt us during the first, second and third quarters, but we are going to go through that. Now, on the benefit side, we will have beds coming online at existing facilities. so, we are very optimistic, we think that 7% to 9% revenue growth and the 3% to 5% patient day growth is there for us this year. It's just going to be execution from us and we are, some people say how do you feel about the 6.5 for last year and the 5.3 I think for the fourth quarter, how do I feel? Mad, frustrated. It was there for us, it was our game to win, and we just let it slip away, so we are working very hard on that Adam. Easter is in March, absolutely and as folks that follow the company know we are very seasonal, because of child and adolescent population that when schools are out the census will be soft. So we are not the Easter spring breaks yet, so we don't know how much that impacts us but that will be a factor.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay and it's one final question and then I will get back in the queue here. The 7% to 9% number, we've been talking about that for a long time as the company grows you did 6.5% this year, still pretty close in the same ballpark, but obviously a little bit lower. At some point do you started to thinking about a 6% to 8% type of growth number instead of always having to be 7% to 9%. I know for '09 you are saying that you still feel comfortable with the 7% to 9%, but you think as we look out past 2008, should we think about maybe a little bit different range or, I know it's hard to answer that but certainly just…
Joey Jacobs: I will be glad to answer it Adam. We just had some bad luck last year, that 7% to 9% was well with in our grasp and we just had some bad luck. We're already off to a better start this year, with all these beds being built and with many of those beds being built in the third and the fourth quarter. I think it positions us well for 2009, even be more strongly in our determination to beat the 7% to 9% revenue growth. So we have too many things going our way, this year some of the troubled facilities will get better. We are building more beds and building more programs and so the 7% to 9% was in our grasp for 2007 and we have missed it by 50 basis points and I pissed about that, but we've regrouped and we're targeted for that for 2008, and we'll going to make it happen.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I guess just to follow-up on some of the comments you made about some of the enhancements you're making to get back in to the 7% to 9% organic growth range. So if you can just give us some commentary around some of the things that you're doing just operationally to enhance growth that would be helpful. I know obviously additional beds help in capacity constrained markets. But maybe just talk a little bit about what you might be doing differently on an operational basis? Thanks.
Joey Jacobs: Sure, Adam. Just like when you have a family of facilities and as I mentioned earlier the Pines is the one impacting at the most for us, but if you were just to take our bottom three facilities not the bottom ten just our bottom three facilities, and if we focus on them and get them on the right track, we would have done well about 7% for last year. So quite frankly we can get above 7% in '08 just by doing what we did last year and just working on these three facilities. Now in addition to that we have more than 600 beds coming online for us in 2008, and that's about a little over 140 in the first quarter and 160 in the second quarter and the remaining through the third and fourth quarters. So that is just, that's insurance for us on growing the patient days. So it's very unfortunate that we had some bad luck with a couple of facilities and the Pines. And are we working on those and are those on top of mind awareness, absolutely. That's the reason I'm so bullish that 7% to 9% is here for us, that we have to execute. We still have to execute and not have any other facilities get in trouble, but it is a small number of facilities that if we just fix. That 7% to 9% is there.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: And if you just, can you talk a little bit about anything you are doing differently in marketing, referral sources. I understand, maybe there is a few turnaround situations, but just on more portfolio broad basis, could you give us some color there?
Joey Jacobs: Something corporately that has occurred is that Terry Bridges has, now has a business development person at a senior level working for him in the Chief Operating Officer's office. So, we now have someone more coordinating with the divisions and with the facilities, and especially the troubled facilities on their marketing plans, there needs to build the beds, to new programs. So there have been additional resources during the past six months that we have applied to the program development and marketing side of the business referral development, and elevated that person up to Terry's office. So we have put more resources there Darren, to work with the facilities at the local level to make sure we are seizing all the opportunities. But the best thing we can do is to build our beds.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then just as far as the '08 outlook goes, you have given us some visibility on the first quarter. My question is can you provide, just some commentary about the earnings ramp over the course of '08. I know you have got some start-up, so which quarters would be impacted most by the start-ups and is there any unusual expense running through the first quarter that we need to be aware of.
Joey Jacobs: Well, in the first quarter we will be spending money ramping up the Illinois project in Springfield, Illinois. And that project is supposed to come online in the second quarter. So, we have the CEO hired, that we will be spending money there, that which is on our budget, which is in our earnings guidance. So we do have that project coming online in the second quarter so up until we get it open and even a little while after we have it open, it's going to be hurting their earnings and we have that built in our guidance. The interest expense that we raised the guidance on really works from April, a little bit in March but it's more of an April through the December thing, because the way we had laid off the debt and those tranches are coming new and getting renewed at the lower LIBOR. So that is a little bit backend loaded. Now historically, if you look at the company, we usually make in the first quarter what we made in the last quarter of the previous years, so we think we're reasonable there. So we're growing the business and "Knock on Wood"' we're working very hard and turning around some of the facilities that may have given us trouble last year. So we're doing all those things.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, just last question here relates to occupancy rates and some of the bed count numbers that we'd like to see in your the press releases. What was the occupancy rate same-store and total company and then can you just breakdown the license bed counts in each of the total company and same store bucket, so we can just know that? Thanks.
Jack Polson: Darren actually the occupancy was about 73% total for the company. We have 10,283 licensed beds for the quarter and we had about 9,700 operated in the quarter. I do not have that break down on the same store work on this call.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: You added how many beds in the quarter?
Jack Polson: Just right around 100.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks a lot.
Jack Polson: Yes, thanks Darren.
Operator: And we will go next to Andreas Dirnagl with JPMorgan.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan: Hi guys good morning. I'm sorry I don't think we beat this horse enough. So I might as well try and get in a couple of blows myself. Joey, maybe can we just take a step back we had some weakness in that same-store revenue comp in the first quarter. We had the weakness again in the same store revenue comp in the fourth quarter. Can you maybe just provide a little more colored generically as to what you think went wrong and just to throw it out there, I mean some of the things you've said in the past are sort of bad luck. I mean, what does that mean? In the past you've talked about that perhaps you weren't prepared enough for expansion beds, and so you got caught behind the capacity issue this quarter. Maybe just provide a little bit more color and then why you don't think it's going to occur again next year?
Joey Jacobs: I guess maybe bad luck was bad terminology there. We did not like four weeks between Thanksgiving and Christmas. That created too much seasonality for us so we now found out that we do not like Thanksgiving coming as early as it can in November, that you always worry about after Thanksgiving, kind of the census ramped back up before the holidays around Christmas and Hanukkah kick in and so we know we don't like four weeks in between Christmas and Thanksgiving. So I classify that as bad luck. We had one facility in August get in trouble with an infection control issue, which hurt us and that was bad luck, it should not have occurred and we paid a dear price for that but that facility has been fixed and is coming back in the first quarter very robustly. So Darren that was a little bit of bad luck. When I refer to bad luck, that is that we had 7% revenue growth through the first nine months, and so we had it there within our grasp. Could we have moved a little quicker? Could we have built a few more beds? Sure and that's what we're trying to make sure happens in 2008 that we get the beds built, that we get the programs implemented and that all our facilities do well on the clinical side. So that's what I characterize as bad luck.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan: Okay and then the 100 beds that you added in the fourth quarter, do those count towards the 600 beds that you're adding throughout 2008 or are those separate?
Joey Jacobs: They're separate.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan: And can you give an idea as to sort of how those 600 beds are going to kind of come on line over the year? Is it sort of an even flow or is it front or backend loaded?
Joey Jacobs: It's about 140 in the first quarter. It's about 175 in the second quarter, and maybe 100 in the third quarter and then whatever the balance then will be in the fourth quarter.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan: Okay great and then one final question. I just want to confirm yet again despite the potential language confusion in the press release. Your discussions or your guidance for a minimum of six acquisitions that's still going off the clock there started when you completed the Horizon acquisition. So you're looking for that mid this year is that correct?
Joey Jacobs: That's correct.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan: Okay great. Thank you very much.
Joey Jacobs: Alright.
Operator: And we'll go next to Tom Gallucci with Merrill Lynch.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Thank you. Just a couple of quick follow-ups hopefully, I guess just the first in your last response there, you mentioned you could have built some beds faster. Can you just describe for us sort of that process of planning new beds and getting them off the ground? Is that more corporate or local, and maybe if it's more local and you think it should have been done better is it becoming more of a corporate issue or?
Joey Jacobs: It's absolutely from corporate all the way down to the local CEO. The key is the local CEO through his division President to Terry and myself and also during last year we hired a Construction Project Manager to oversee all the projects that were doing now. The good thing here is I'm looking at a schedule and for 2009 we already have more than 400 beds approved to build in 2009. So I guarantee you, we're at a much better position on building beds right now than we were January of ‘06 and we're better organized and we do improve the process. We want to make it quicker and so actually, I think I approved a project this week that will be on the 2010 bed. So we're doing a much better job there.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: If you were looking at that list a year ago, did you have a bigger number and you just didn't get them done or was the number just small and it should've been bigger?
Joey Jacobs: It's a combination of both; should've been bigger and we should've done it quicker. Then on the other hand, I have to give our people in the field some credit here. Like in California, with that pent up demand, there was really nothing they could do. We just had to wait on the local zoning and the state approval. There's just so much you, how hard you can push those state officials and we just had to wait even though it was very painful to wait and we hope to have those beds, two thirds of those beds will come online in the fourth quarter and a third of those will come online in the first quarter of '09. So it's hard to wait when you know those beds, you're turning patients away and you're waiting on those beds.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: And then just speaking of occupancy and sort of what you were saying there about having some places where you actually turn people away. How do you sort of model new beds coming online on a same-store basis and what that occupancy is? Is it typically places that are pretty full so you get a high occupancy? Or is it sort of comes online over time? Or how does that work?
Joey Jacobs: Well if it's an RTC facility, that facility's probably running 95% to 100% occupancy. And we're building beds there. Unfortunately for an RTC bed the length of stay is 180 days. So if you brought on 20 beds, it may take you six months to get 20 admissions to fill those beds up. But once you fill them, they're full. On the Acute beds, like in California, when you're turning patients away, you can have a big impact on those beds the day you open them up. We do not; we expect that within 12 months we would be at the company's occupancy level on those. So on the Acute side, we're running about 73%, 75% level for those beds, that within a year they would be at the 73%, 75% level.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Do you have the breakdown of the 600 between RTC and the Acute?
Joey Jacobs: Sure I do. We've given out enough detail but yes we do have them by bed type.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: I mean is it 50-50? Or something that's skewed way one direction or the other?
Joey Jacobs: It is more acute. It's probably 60-40 Acute to RTC.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then my last question just on the interest expense and the raise of the guidance on that number. Can you just update us on what percent of the debt now at this point is variable? And in the assumption on your EPS raise, what are you assuming on interest expense? It's sort of the current rate or something gets better, something gets worse?
Brent Turner: Yeah Tom, this is Brent. We have about 43% of our debt that floats and as indicated earlier LIBOR is approximately 200 basis points lower today than it was in November when we had first established our 2008 guidance. So that's what we have based it on based on the interest rate outlook there. We will see some significant savings on our floating rate.
Tom Gallucci - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ken Wekley with Credit Suisse.
Ken Wekley - Credit Suisse: Thanks, can you hear me okay?
Joey Jacobs: Good, Ken, how're you doing?
Ken Wekley - Credit Suisse: Doing very good. I was just curious if you could give me the payer mix for both businesses in-patient and RTC, if that's possible.
Joey Jacobs: We can't give you the American payer mix on both of them, but we can give you the payer mix that has been updated for 2007, if you would like that.
Ken Wekley - Credit Suisse: Sure.
Joey Jacobs: Sure, Medicaid is 32%.
Ken Wekley - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Joey Jacobs: Commercial is 33.
Ken Wekley - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Joey Jacobs: Medicare is 13.
Ken Wekley - Credit Suisse: Okay. Is the payer mix very different for in-patient versus RTC or is it roughly the same?
Joey Jacobs: No, an RTC facility is going to be more Medicaid state driven. State agencies, other school departments state agencies, is 16%.
Ken Wekley - Credit Suisse: Okay, I have one more question. Have you had any facilities, you mentioned one facility I think you said had an infection control problem. Did you lose the ability to take patients in? Is that what happened or can you give us some detail there?
Joey Jacobs: I'm not going to give you any new detail, but it sure hurt the census. But it's been fixed, so we're very pleased with there, and no other detail than it's fixed and they're re-growing their census very quickly.
Ken Wekley - Credit Suisse: Is the problem sort of typical for a psychiatric hospital?
Joey Jacobs: No, not at all. It was a very unusual occurrence that was easily to fix, but people are very sensitive about infection control today.
Ken Wekley - Credit Suisse: Sure. And I guess just the last question, in terms of management ownership of the company, can you tell me where you are again in terms of senior management and how that's changed over the year?
Joey Jacobs: Well, I can't give you the exact details. The proxy statement will be coming out pretty soon and you'll be able to see that. Senior management, as far as I'm concerned, most of senior management, if we choose to sell or buy, it's usually under a 10-B 5 1 plan, which is shown you can see my sales for last year. I can also tell you that the restrictive stock that I get this year that's just vested, you have the option of canceling the shares to pay the taxes or writing a check, and I wrote the check to keep the shares. So that's about as much as I can give in detail on that and the proxy statement will be coming out pretty soon.
Ken Wekley - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Ransom with Raymond James & Associates.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Hi, good morning.
Joey Jacobs: Hi John.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Let's talk about the management business for just a minute. What's your outlook for that business in ‘08 when the PTS really starts to cramp on the Acute's and have you guys been able to pick up some new contracts off that kind of a natural run down in the that business?
Joey Jacobs: Sure, John. It's in our guidance for the, you know we did that budget back in October and November, so we did our guidance. So we knew we had pretty good visibility in what contracts would renew and what might go away and so it's in our guidance. It is a flat to declining business. Nothing has accelerated there due to the first 52 days of this year.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Right.
Joey Jacobs: There has been no acceleration there John that I can see, and that and quite frankly we've signed several new contracts and we've entered into a kind of preferred arrangement with a large med/surg company. So our folks there, [Mike Sol] heads that up for us and he's somebody we promoted back in December to that position and Mike and his team have done a fantastic job, along with [Cindy Sheriff] and the EAP Company. And so, as you can see from other, it's hanging right in there. And it's in our guidance and we have not seen any acceleration on possible re-negotiations or terminations.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay and then talk about your development. If I recall, you have a hospital opening what, first and third quarter? And we had thought about that as about $0.04 to $0.05 earnings per share and that as you, as those hospitals open up, is that still a good assumption or has anything changed it?
Joey Jacobs: Nothing has changed. You are right, the Springfield project is open to come on line in the second quarter and the Rolling Hills project is actually in the fourth quarter.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: So it's back a quarter from what we understood?
Joey Jacobs: Yes.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay.
Joey Jacobs: And quite frankly John, I think on Rolling Hills, we won't open that thing December 15 if it's ready, we will wait until January. And get through the holidays. If it's that close, if it's going to get completed between Thanksgiving and Christmas, we will just wait to let the New Year get out of the way and bring that thing and open in January.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: And as you look out, are there other development opportunities that might happen beyond ‘08 with your, now that you've got these [tie-ends] with your management contracts?
Joey Jacobs: There is one that we're having reasonable discussions with.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: But, no, no big pipeline?
Joey Jacobs: No, nothing there, no.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And could you remind us, looking globally at the company, what the RTC acute split is?
Joey Jacobs: It is 53 acute, 47 RTC.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay and just one other kind of global area of inquiry. You guys had some operational issues with your RTC facilities; I know you've talked about doing some things differently there in terms of refurbishing the facilities and maybe taking them offline at times to refresh the facilities. Is there any other things that you are doing differently in that business and have you seen any positive operational impact from those changes?
Joey Jacobs: Well, we are about to see the positive changes. We probably cost ourselves 100 basis points on the same-store numbers last year and especially in the fourth quarter where we have deliberately taken the patient days down like 20 beds a facility, and we have renovated the facilities. For example the one in Austin Texas comes to mind the Oaks. We've taken 20 beds offline since July of last year and the last of those 20 beds come online in March. So, once again, we have about three of those where we have been proactive in taking the census down, and renovating them and bringing them back online, and it probably costs us 100 basis points. So, maybe that's a little bad luck too, but it is the right thing to do versus as you know the Manatee Palms situation where we had to close the whole facility. So we are doing more of a proactive there and then Kathy Bolmer, who is our Executive and Vice President of Compliance and Quality. We have beefed up her staff, and they are doing a much better job assisting our facilities on compliance and quality issues, surveys being more proactive and so we done a lot there. We've made it a primary focus as it should be for the local team at the facilities. So, we have done a lot of good work in the last 18 months in that area. We will see the benefits of that this year. We will see the benefits, when Oaks comes online in March, you know, in April 20 more patients a day will be at that facility.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay.
Joey Jacobs: And will that help the same-store numbers absolutely.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay, that's great. And looking at state Medicaid, budget is reset in the second half of the year and given some of the state budget issues are you getting any early visibility on what that's looking like from a pricing standpoint?
Joey Jacobs: We've no visibility yet other than we've seen nothing that would want us to change our mind on our guidance there. You know 3% to 5% pricing for us, the government payers probably in the 2% to 4% range for the Medicaid state budgets. That is a July 1, October 1 issues for the state. So, we are still a way out to see what is going to happen there. Remember child and adolescents are the type of patients that we take care. We do not take the Medicaid adult patients. So, once again, we believe that is a protected patient.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay, thank you.
Joey Jacobs: Thanks, John.
Operator: And we will go next to Kevin Campbell with Avondale Partners.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners: Great, could you guys just remind us what exactly is included in all those other operating expense lines what might we expect would be included there?
Joey Jacobs: Okay. It is rents, utilities insurance, travel, repair and maintenance, recruitment and others.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners: Alright, okay. And when you look at your acquisitions I just want to confirm to you because it sounded like I guess the language made it sound like you were going to be fixed between by year end but I think you said earlier that it was going to be -- the clock has started with the Horizon acquisitions which were June 1st, so I understand that you still expect to do six acquisitions by June 1st of this year?
Joey Jacobs: That is correct and let me go back I mentioned rent is not in there that's leases. It’s a separate item, sorry.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners: Okay, thanks.
Joey Jacobs: And then our goal is to have six acquisitions by June 1st.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners: Okay. And what sort of multiples, have they started to come in and what are you really seeing out there right now?
Joey Jacobs: We see reasonable multiples looking back on trailing earnings in the seven to eight range for a single facility if it's more than a one facility transaction if you have four, five, six or seven facilities together you'll get a premium. But all the transactions we are looking at are very accretive to PSI, so once again once we announce the acquisition we would be raising if it's significant enough which, you know, I expect these six would be that we would be raising earnings guidance when we announce the transaction. So we are very excited and very close to having that done and June 1st is a big goal.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners: Okay. And then real quick on interest rates have you guys given any consideration to sort of locking in these low rates, is that something you are looking at?
Jack Polson:  We constantly manage our balance sheet, net interest rate exposure quite frankly we are continuing to benefit with 43% continuing to float and some of the outlook. We like that differentiation with the 50, kind of, 60/40 floating and fixed. So we are comfortable where we are and obviously $0.10 is meaningful accretion from that interest rate exposure that we are realizing for 2008.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners: Okay. And then lastly, looking at the expansion, what sort of costs might we expect sort of in advance of those openings on either a per bed basis, or a total dollar basis? Might we see -- I know you said you were looking in the second quarter and fourth quarter when they’ll be opening, so presumably you are going to have some costs in the first and third quarters. What might we expect and where exactly would that sort of flow through in the income statement?
Joey Jacobs:  Kevin, let’s get closer to the opening of those facilities in the ramp-up for those costs before we just start closing those numbers. And if it’s significant enough we will mention them. Now we opened up the Hughes Home in Danville, Virginia last year and never disclosed and we had operating losses there, so let us get closer to it. We’ll give you the numbers as we book the expenses.
Kevin Campbell - Avondale Partners: Okay. Alright, thank you very much.
Operator:  And we’ll go next to Whit Mayo with Stephens.
Whit Mayo - Stephens:  Good morning. Can you give us an update on your divisional structure today? You know, how many hospitals per division? Any changes there in organizational leadership that you made there? Thanks.
Joey Jacobs:  Okay. Sure. There is 11 divisions, and we have one opening, which we are about ready to make an offer to and we did trade out a couple of those positions during last year and we are very excited about the team we have and they are focused and I think Terry has done a good job in recruiting other division presidents and so the most recent one was Sharon Worsham, a long term CEO for us and she’s off to a great start and she started December, I guess and she’s off to a great start and she has kind of the mountain division region for us.
Whit Mayo - Stephens: And those that you traded out, were those replacements or were those just you’re filling a void there?
Joey Jacobs:  Those were replacements.
Whit Mayo - Stephens:  Okay, alright. That’s all I got. Thanks, guys.
Joey Jacobs:  Thanks, Whit.
Operator:  And we will go next to Jeff Englander with Standard & Poor's.
Jeff Englander - Standard & Poor's:  Good morning guys, can you hear me?
Joey Jacobs:  Yes Jeff.
Jeff Englander - Standard & Poor's:  First question, and Joe you mentioned the three, I guess, worst performing facilities, if you want to phrase it that way; first question is was the facility with the infection control issue one of those? And then could you give us more color on what types of things you’ll be doing to those three facilities specifically to turn them around?
Joey Jacobs:  I am not going to get into a lot of detail here. Yes, the one with the infection control, the infection control issue is one of those three. Quite frankly it’s the quickest of the three to fix and quite frankly as far as I’m concerned give it 30 more days and it is fixed. And so, that one will be going away. The Pines is a long-term project, where we’ve changed a lot of staffing at the local level and brought in new clinical directors and program directors and we took it down to where we knew the programming was very sound and now we’re going back to open. As I mentioned earlier that’s a four-year project versus a three-year project. So that is about much detail on those three that I’m willing to give right now.
Jeff Englander - Standard & Poor's:  Okay. The other question would be can you remind us again, I think in terms of residential, what the seasonal patterns are around vacation times and particularly at the end of the year?
Joey Jacobs:  Sure. Any time schools are out. Any time schools are out. As we mentioned earlier, spring breaks, because Easter is moving into March. There’s going to be a lot more spring breaks and schools closings in March this year as compared to last year when Easter was in April. All the holidays, Thanksgiving, December for us, once December 22nd gets here, it’s probably January the 5th before the census will come back or we see the trends coming back there that it will soften up and be there.  In the summer time, schools get out, usually now about June 1st, and June, July and August are summer months where schools are out and less incidents occur and then schools start back up usually around Labor Day. However, we are a company that positions full year around the school programs. We like that, but unfortunately for us most school systems take the summer off.
Jeff Englander - Standard & Poor's:  Great. Thanks very much.
Operator:  And we’ll go next to Frank Morgan with Jefferies and Company.
Frank Morgan - Jefferies and Company:  Good morning. Two housekeeping questions. One, could you remind us what the actual number of management contracts are as of the fourth quarter? And then secondly, on these acquisitions that you expect to close in the first half of the year, do you think these will be six one-offs or do you think it’ll be a small chain acquisition? Thank you.
Joey Jacobs:  Frank, we’ll let Craig Hartman get back with you on the number of contracts that we have. I don’t have that data here with me. On the acquisitions, stay tuned. I would expect an acquisition to have multiple facilities in it.
Frank Morgan - Jefferies and Company: Okay, thanks.
Operator:  Thank you. And we will take our final question from Mark Arnold with Piper Jaffray.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray:  I just have one quick question. Just clarifying on the 600 bed addition this year, you mentioned Rolling Hills might be end of Q4. Is that included in that 600 bed number?
Joey Jacobs: Yes, it’s 80 beds.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then the renovations on the RTCs, when you take those beds down, are you including when those come back?
Joey Jacobs: No.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray: Okay. That’s just strictly all new beds capacity, not mothballed beds or anything you’ve taken down?
Joey Jacobs: Correct.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray: Great. Thank you very much.
Joey Jacobs: I think that’s the end of the questions, so once again thank you for your interest in PSI and to the 22,000 employees out there that many of those might be listening in. Thank you so much for a great 2007. We set many records for this company on earnings growth, revenue growth, quality of care, improving our facilities. 2008 once again should be a year similar to what we’ve experienced and once again, I look forward to the 7% to 9% same-store revenue growth, our acquisitions, improving margins and delivering great care. So once again we’ll talk to you at the next call. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. That does conclude our conference call today. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Steve G. Filton - Sr. VP, CFO and Secretary and Controller Alan B. Miller - President & CEO 
Analysts:  Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group Company Erik Chiprich - BMO Capital Markets Shelley Nall - Goldman Sachs Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers  John Ransom - Raymond James Kemp Dolliver - Cowen and Company Thomas Gallucci - Merrill Lynch Gary Taylor - Bank of America Whit Mayo - Stephens Inc. Matthew Ripperger - Citigroup Ken Weakley - Credit Suisse  Frank Morgan - Jefferies & Co   
Operator:  Good morning my name is Bobby Joe and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everybody to the third quarter 2007 earnings release conference call.  All lines have been placed on mute. To prevent any back ground noise After the speaker’s remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this, time simply press star then number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to with draw your question press the pound key. Thank you. Mr. Filton you may begin your conference. 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Good morning, I’m Steve Filton, Alan Miller, our CEO is also with us and welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the third quarter end in September 30 2007. As discussed in our press release last night we recorded net income of $0.54 per diluted share during this year’s third quarter. After adjusting for the various items disclosed and quantified in our press release and related schedules of non-GAAP supplement on consolidated statements of income information, our adjusted income from continuing operations with $0.64 per diluted share for the quarter ended September 30, 2007; as compared to $0.54 per diluted share for the quarter end in September 30, 2006.  During this conference call we will be using words such as beliefs, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecast projections in forward looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward looking statements, we recommend the careful reading of the sections on risk factors and forward looking statements in risk factors in our Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2006.  I would like to highlight just a couple of developments in business trends before opening the call off to questions. Revenues for the third quarter increased 13% over the prior year. Exclusive of the impact of new facilities most notably Texoma and the revenues related to construction managements contract, where by we are building a new hospital for an unrelated third party. Revenues have increased by 7%. On as same facility bases in our Acute Care Division, revenues increased 7.6% during the third quarter of 2007. The increase resulted from admissions growth, and an increase in revenue per admission. Admission to our hostels owned for more than a year increased 2.5% for the quarter. On a same facility bases, revenue per adjusted admission rose 3% during the third quarter of 2007.  We defined operating margins as operating income on net revenue, less salaries, wages and benefits, other operating expenses, supplies’ expense and provision for doubtful accounts divided by net revenues. On a same facility basis, operating margins where our Acute Care House owned in both the third quarter of 2007 and 2006, increased to 12.6% in the quarter just ended as compared to 11.8% in the prior year’s quarter. Our Acute Care Hospital provided charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates amounting to a 149 million and 99 million during the 3 months period end of September 30, 2007 and 2006 respectively.  On a same facility bases at our behavioral facilities, admissions increased 3.4% during the third quarter of 2007 over the comparable prior year quarter; and net revenue per adjusted admission increased 5.1%. Operating margins for our Behavioral Hospitals owned from more than a year were 22.4% in the quarter end in September 30, 2007, compared with 22.6% in the quarter ended in September 30, 2006.  Cash flow from the operations for the third quarter of 2007 was approximately a $164 million compared to $61 million during the third quarter of 2006. Our cash flow from operations during the third quarter of 2007 was favorably impacted by a $48 million favorable change in other working capital accounts, primarily due to the timing of certain accrued pay roll and accounts payable disbursements, which were funded in early October.  We also expect to disburse approximately $50 million of cash during the fourth quarter of 2007 for the payment of interest expense on our bonds and income taxes. Our cash flow from operations during the third quarter of 2006, was unfavorably impacted by the payment of 2005 income taxes, that were deferred pursuant to a hurricane Katrina related deferral and by certain Medicare and Medicate receivables that were collected during the fourth quarter of 2006.  At September 30, 2007, our ratio of debt to total capitalization was 37.1% and the ratio of debt to EBITDA was 1.84%. We spent $79 million on capital expenditures during the third quarter of 2007. Included in our capital expenditures were the construction cost related to our new 170 beds Centennial Hills hospital in Las Vegas, that is scheduled to be completed and opened in early 2008 and a new 171 hospital bed in Palmdale, California that is scheduled to be completed and opened in 2009.  In California, we are on the way with a major expansion of our emergency room and women’s services at our Rancho Springs campus. During the third quarter we acquired Foundations Behavioral Health in Dulles Town, Pennsylvania which has 54 acute Behavioral beds and 48 residential beds and cotton wood treatment center in Utah, which has 78 beds.  Our Behavioral Facilities have operated at a very efficient 76% available occupancy rate for the quarter. These high occupancy rates are suppressing our admissions growth in certain markets, though we have multiple projects that add capacity to our busiest Behavioral facility.  We opened to a total of 50 new Behavioral beds and existing facilities during the quarter. As indicated in our press release last evening, the government’s investigations of our South Texas health system affiliates remain active and on going. At this time we are unable to evaluate the existence of extent of any potential financial exposure, in connection with this matter and we are unable to provide any additional information beyond that, which was disclosed in our third quarter earnings release.  We are pleased to answer questions at this time.  Question and Answer 
Operator:  [Operator’s instructions] We’ll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster.  Sir you have a question from the line of Darren Lehrich. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Securities:  Thanks. Good morning everyone. Few things here I guess, challenges, wanted to ask you about the M&A environment, we have asked you this before but it looks like you were relatively quiet and from the buyback front, so just want to gauge, where you are, where you see the M&A opportunities now versus say, 3 to 6 months ago and whether there’s reason to believe you will deploy more capital in 2008 to grow with Acute care acquisitions? 
Unidentified Company Representative:  We have capital, as you can see and we are just being careful and opportunistic. We made a couple of good acquisitions, in the psyche field and we are looking and waiting and talking to people but we don’t really have anything on the horizon at this moment.  There’s been a lot of un-score turmoil at what is happening in the industry and we expect that opportunities will present themselves there. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Securities:  Okay and Steve just as it relates to the uninsured trend, obviously the charity care number was up significantly. Can you help us understand, what the actual self-paid volume growth was on the acute side and can you just talk about that trend if it was concentrated in any particular regions? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Sure Darren, as you know we had pretty favorable uninsured experience in the first quarter, we saw it spike up in the second quarter and we saw those trends continue again in the third quarter. In terms of where we saw it, I think it was largely throughout the portfolio as it has been these last few years but we certainly did see specific pressures in some of the markets that others have noted, in Florida , in California and Las Vegas. Markets I think that have been particularly hard hit by the housing and the real estate crises. We seem to be feeling that perhaps a little bit more pressure. But for the most part we just continued to see the uninsured trends and pressures that we saw in the second quarter continue on to the third. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Securities:  And just the overall economic condition in your market as you look into 2008, how should we think about that debt and the uninsured and how are you guys thinking about it at this point? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  One of the challenges I think that everybody, both providers in the industry and those who follow it have had over the last few years has been and have been to find sort of leading indicators that will allow us to predict when we would see spikes or we would see stabilization in the uninsured volumes. And frankly I think no one has really done a great job of identifying what would be the best leading indicators. So we certainly are watching some of these trends like the, reduction in housing starts and the number of fore closures in some of our markets. But honesty Darren, I’m not sure we know, exactly how that data relates to what we are going to see in terms of people coming to our hospitals and particularly to our emergency rooms, and the level of health insurance or no health insurance that they might have. So we are watching all that carefully but its difficult for us to predict what those relationships are. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Securities:  Okay and then just one last thing and I’ll jump back in the queue here, but as far as 2008 goes, I know you typically provide your guides in, I think February. Looks like FY07 has progressed more or less in line with what you laid down in the beginning of the year. But just speaking about FY08 conceptually I guess you have some start up losses that gets pushed out in Vegas into 2008 and you may have, I don't know, we’ll have to hear your view about the UPL situation in Texas that might be a pressure point for you. But just looking into 2008, do you think you can grow earnings? And I don't know if you could put a frame work around it, but that would be helpful just to get your thoughts on weather you think you can grow in a way. 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Well I think Darren, that the metrics in the both of our businesses have been fairly apparent and relatively stable for some time now. I think we think about sustainable, behavioral same store admission growth in sort of the 3% to 4% range going forward, sustainable pricing growth 3% to 4%. So I certainly see growth and as I indicated in my prepared remarks we continue to expand capacity in that division.  On the Acute side, the same thing I mean 2% to 3% same store admission growth, is what we have been reporting. 4% or so pricing growth I think looks sustainable. And so again the wild card remains on the Acute side, the levels of uninsured and as it always does, any reimbursement challenges that we may face and you mentioned Texas UPL., we did reverse in the third quarter some prior year Texas UPL. just because we anticipate that there may be some challenges to the specific ways that, that UPL was funded. But we continue to recognize UPL for 2007. CMS has announced they are going to review some of the programs in Texas. We think some of the programs that we are part of have already been reviewed and probably won’t be part of this CMS review. And we think other programs even if they are reviewed are likely to pass the CMS muster or criteria although there’s certainly no guarantee of that so we’ll have to wait and see. But we remain having all of our 2007 Texas UPL. recorded in the financial statements and continue to believe that that money is safe for now. So, yes that’s the way we are thinking about the future and we continue to obviously watch it carefully. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Securities:  Okay. Even may be this one more here, the Behavioral margins anything to say about that, and if/whether on a consolidate basis, I think they were down a little bit but any pressure points there? Thanks. 
Unidentified Company Representative:  No, I think, I think we mentioned this last quarter, I mean we may be sort of past the period when people can expect those margins to go up 50 basis points a quarter. But as long as we can sustain the kind of volume growth that I just talked about and pricing growth, I think we should overtime continue to see increasing margins. One of the pressure points we do have is, we are opening new capacity and we can’t fill that facility immediately upon opening. So there’s little bit of a drag but obviously as you know those margins remains very strong and I think our outlook for fundamentals that business remain very good. 
Darren Lehrich – Deutsche Bank Securities:  Thank you. 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Thanks. 
Operator:  The next question comes from line of Christine Arnold 
Christine Arnold – Morgan Stanley:  Good morning. Continuing on kind of the same line of questioning on FY08, how do we think about the incremental serial volume that you got this year and what is likely to happen when United mergers with Sierra which is targeted by U. N.? Do we think that some of that volume could be lost, some of the volume trends could temporarily turn south? 
Unidentified Company Representative:  It’s hard to say Christine obviously a United will have a big say, what happens to that volume so that we are certainly not the only opinion accounts in all this. I mean I think we have said all along that we thought that overtime, the Sierra-United network or the Sierra-United volume would probably gravitate back to a situation where all providers were in network in some form or fashion. So I think some of that Sierra business may be a risk, but those who follow us know, having that Sierra volume has not been a wholly positive issue, it has squeezed out some higher paying business and it has challenged our operators to manage their mix of business very carefully and in an environment of very strange capacities. So we have a contract that’s come up, coming up for renewal with Sierra in the middle of next year, we will negotiate those rates carefully as I am sure they will. And I am sure market may undergo some changes but I think it’s a little too early to predict exactly how that‘s all going to sort out. 
Christine Arnold – Morgan Stanley:  And then, could you talk a little a bit about McAllen, and kind of what you’re seeing there and when you expect Renaissance to what impact you think that might happen in terms of the extra capacity? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Renaissance has opened its OB service and OB capacity, I think sometime in October and we clearly have seen some impact of that. It’s again too early to tell at the end of the day what sort of bottom line financial impact that will have on us. As we have said before we think that probably that, there will be a greater proportional impact on our competitor HCA Hospital, just because they have a better mix of business, historically than we have in OB business.  But our expectations will have some impact where, used to that competitive environment now in the McAllen market and we are working hard to do a number of things on our end to regain some of the [BLANK] better paying commercial in Medicare business and we will continue to do that. But Renaissance continues to build and expand and open new services and as best as I can tell, they are going to continue to do that as well. 
Christine Arnold – Morgan Stanley:  Okay then final question. As we think about the volumes in the pricing here, looks like you got back some of that lost higher priced good business in Vegas this quarter. Is that true without overseeing in the better pricing and the better volume and is that sustainable, you think you can hang on to that? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  I think so, when we had fairly depressed pricing in the second quarter and we really attributed that to two factors, one was a higher level of uninsured and two, was to a less favorable mix of business in Las Vegas. I think in the third quarter we were able to correct the mix of business that were modified in Las Vegas so that we had better experience than we had in the second quarter; though probably not as good as we had in the first. Unfortunately our insured volumes continued to remain high. But I think that the better mix of business in Vegas is sustainable certainly for the next couple of quarters, until we get as we said you know the point where we renegotiate our contract, where the United-Sierra merger is completed, and there may be some, reconfiguration in the market and we will have to see how that all sorts out. 
Christine Arnold – Morgan Stanley:  Okay, thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman. 
Gary Lieberman – Stanford Research:  Thanks, good morning. Just wanted to go back to, I guess one of the questions that was asked earlier in terms of usage capital and pay down of debt quarter. Sounds that you still fairly optimistic that there might be a, a deal out there that you would be interested in. So given that, should we expect that in the fourth quarter, I guess for the near term future that the use of cash would be similar in terms of paying down debt in favor of repurchasing stock? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  You know we had a similar conversation in the second quarter conference call. We clearly, I think entered 2007 with the notion that there would be more properties for sale at more reasonable prices, particularly on the Acute side than we have seen for a number of years. The reality is we haven’t seen much of that and at the same time we continue to look at our own shares as an attractive buy. We did buy some $11 million or so of our own shares in the second quarter. And we are going to continue to sort go through this evaluation on a continuous basis and look at the opportunity to buy earnings streams externally as well as buy our own earnings stream, which we find very attractive right now, and I don’t think we can sit here right now, Gary and say we are going to go one direction or another. It’s going to be something that we continue to reevaluate literally, if not on a daily basis, certainly on our weekly or fairly frequent basis. 
Gary Lieberman – Stanford Group Company:  Okay and then one house keeping item. Do you have the bad debt, it’s the Acute care hospitals, I didn’t see that in the release. 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  We do. We will find it and I will provide that information as we continue to answer questions, Gary. 
Gary Lieberman – Stanford Group Company:  Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Erik Chiprich. 
Erik Chiprich – BMO Capital Markets:  Hi, good morning. A Question on the other expense that continues to creep up. Are you seeing any pressure there, is that professional fee, they are doctor recruiting or is it the seasonality that is going on in that line item? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Well I would just caution, there are a couple of things Erik and one is that we did in the quarter as we disclosed in the press release have a couple of non-recurring items that affect that line. The legal issue, as well as the write down of the joint venture asset, both on a combined basis provided about $6.2 million or $6.3 million of other operating expense, additional other operating expense in the quarter. I think the other item to keep in mind which we talked it about last quarter as well is that as part of this construction contract, construction management contract that we have. In the third quarter there is about $20 million of revenues and a similar amount of expenses which again, get recorded in other operating expenses that are inflating that line. So I don’t know people why the people have that modeled in there but that’s something to keep in mind. Other than that, the one other thing I will comment about other operating expenses is, we did see a big savings over the last year when we converted from our outside, an outsourced pharmacy to an in-house pharmacy and we are anniversaring that impact so I think that’s somewhat muted as well. Other than that Erik I am not sure that we see any particular pressure on the other operating expense line.  Let me just add in response to Gary’s question, we had about a $103 million of Acute care bad debt expense in the third quarter 2007 and running about 11.9% of revenues. 
Erik Chiprich – BMO Capital Markets:  And one additional question I think you mentioned you opened 50 additional side beds during the quarter, what is the potential to accelerate that pace going forward? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Well you know we’ve talked about being able to open some where in the neighborhood of between 400 and 500 beds a year for the next couple of years and that being our plan, unfortunately it doesn’t necessarily come on radically. So I think we will continue at that pace there will be quarters when we have more opening and quarters when we have less. But last quarter I think we opened 115 beds, the quarter before that we opened 88 beds, so 50 is kind of on the low side but again I think we’re shooting for that kind of 400 as a target. 
Erik Chiprich – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes for the line of Matthew Borsch. 
Shelley Nall – Goldman Sachs:  Hi, thanks for taking our question, this is Shelley Nall for Matt Borsch. I have a follow up question on the Acute care bad debt, Steve I was wondering if you have available on the break out, into the co-pays and deductibles versus the uncompensated care buckets for this quarter? And then maybe as compared to last quarter and a year ago? And if you don't have those actual numbers, wonder if you could speak it directionally on what you are seeing and what the key drivers are in each of those buckets? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Shelly I think historically our sense has been that probably about two thirds of our uninsured expense comes from folks who have no insurance what so ever, and about a third of it comes from the portions that are due after insurance. We have seen both of those amounts rise obviously over the last few years, but that relationship has remained largely constant of about two thirds and one third, and I don't think we see that changing dramatically in the future. 
Shelley Nall – Goldman Sachs:  Okay, great thanks and then a quick question on the labor costs, is this driven by a contract costs in the Las Vegas market? And is there any thing you can do to sort of rein in the contract labor costs, perhaps bring the staff inclusion in-house? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  I mean I’m not sure sort of what the premise of your questions is, I mean I think our labor costs were, from at least our prospective kind of in line of what we expected. I mean we have certainly said before that probably our use of temporary nurses are higher in Las Vegas, than they are anywhere else in the country. We do have our own in house nursing, nurse registry pools in Las Vegas, as we do in many markets. I think frankly we use a lot less temporary nursing today than we did several years ago. And I think for the most part in today’s environment we use it for the right reasons, which is, temporary spikes in volume etc. that it’s not productive to staff up permanently for us.  We continue to look at that in every market ring, we continue to look for ways where we can to reduce temporary nursing, but we certainly don’t view it to be the problem that we viewed it to be 5 years ago and there was a real drain on our earnings. 
Shelley Nall – Goldman Sachs:  Okay, great. Thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from line of Adam Feinstein, Lehman Brothers. 
Adam Feinstein – Lehman Brothers:  Close enough, thank you good morning everyone. 
Alan B. Miller – President & Chief Executive Officer:  Feinstein is that you? 
Adam Feinstein – Lehman Brothers:  Yes, yes it is me. Good morning. I guess its several questions here Allan and Steve; I guess maybe starting with Vegas, you still can’t talk about the Sierra contract and what was going on there. One if you can talk a little bit about the competitive landscape in Vegas, outside of this year contract. And then at same time Centennial Hills opening up in early 2008, maybe just talk about what the expectations are there in terms of, I know you talked about this field initial impacts Steve, but may be just talk little bit more about what you are openly expecting from that hospital and I have a couple of follow up questions. 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Sure I mean in the competitive environment in Las Vegas is, it is competitive. I mean there are some pretty aggressive entities that we compete with in Las Vegas including HCA and Capital Healthcare West, both have expanded and built new hospitals in last few years, both continue to have some capacity expansion plans on the boards; although there are other than Centennial, no other brand new hospitals being built at the moment in Las Vegas.  I think in terms of what the expectations for Centennial, I think it’s worthwhile to go back and look at our experience when Spring Valley opened in fall of 2003. We had a couple of quarters where we cannibalized some business from our other hospitals when we first opened. So it caused a little bit of disruption in the market as physicians change, there practice patterns and patients changed there, patterns for seeking health care.  But in relatively short order within about three or four quarters as Spring Valley began to earn healthy positive margins, approach the margins of our, the average margins of our hospitals in the market, I would think Centennial would have as good, if not a better experience, its probably and even a better demographically situated part of the city than Spring Valley was. And so our sense is much the same, we will have a couple of quarters that disruptions perhaps but in the long run Vegas remains an under-bedded market, one in which the hospitals operated very high levels of capacity. And I think that’s going to continue the market even despite the references I made before to some, housing market, etc. The market continues to grow, people continue to move in, gaming projects continue to be built and capacity expands in that industry, which is obviously the heart of Vegas’ economic health. So we just think it remains a very, very robust market for us. 
Adam Feinstein – Lehman Brothers:  Okay and just a follow up question. I guess the minority interest Steve, is all the lower than what I was thinking for the quarter. I know a lot of that is impacted by Vegas , was any sort of show up there associated with expenditures related to the new hospital, just trying to get any color there. 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  No, I don’t think, there is no P&L, a little bit of start up cost running through for Centennial Hills. But I don’t think it’s material and other than that I think it’s just the idea that, the minority interest in the first quarter was extremely high because we had a very robust quarter. When we first got to see our volume drop dramatically in the second quarter and in the third quarter we are kind of in between. And it’s like we were saying to Christine before, I think that’s sort of where we’ll settle and it seems to me. 
Adam Feinstein – Lehman Brothers:  Okay and then just, you spoke a little before about the Texas upper payment limit. But just wanted, does the Texas Dish Program any updates there in terms of just what you are anticipating and then I guess I want one more follow up after that. 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  No, I mean actually the taxes dish payment have remained fairly stable over the last few years and our expectation we do not have our funding numbers yet for their fiscal year, which actually begins in September or began in September. But our expectation is that our just before sincere funding will remain pretty constant in the state’s next physical year. 
Adam Feinstein – Lehman Brothers:  And then just final question in the investigation I appreciate the details you provided upfront, just wanted to talk about a little bit more detail, I just, I know that you’re limited in terms of what you can say. But obviously you guys have always avoided these things over the years and have done a good job in terms of managing through, while the regulatory issues, compliance issues in this industry. I just, any comments, for starters anything you can say Alan in terms of just, your thoughts on this matter and just in terms of just, I guess just merging through this certainly hits all of the companies from time to time but just since you guys have never really had any sort of investigation. Just curious this in terms of how you guys are responding to this? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  I’ll answer but I just want to make one quick comment. I am partly, we were saying relatively little from a detail perspective because there’s not a great deal that we know. I think as we indicated in the press release and in the prepared remarks, I mean the message that we want to deliver is that the investigation is active and it is ongoing. We certainly don’t view that as a good thing but we want to acknowledge that and keep people aware of that. But we remain largely in the dark about the substance of the issues that the Governor-Mayor may not be concerned about. At some point we assume we will know more and we will be able to comment at that point. But it’s difficult for us to comment at this point on the substance of what the Governor really might have issues with, that option certainly Alan can add to that.  Alan B. Miller – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President  No, Adam. The only thing I would say is that you said something to the effect that we are limited in what we can say. I think we have said everything we know. 
Adam Feinstein – Lehman Brothers:  Okay.  Alan B. Miller – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President  There isn’t anything that we know. 
Adam Feinstein – Lehman Brothers:  Okay.  Alan B. Miller – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President  But it is ongoing and as Steve said, actually you have all the information we have. 
Adam Feinstein – Lehman Brothers:  Okay, alright. Okay, well very good. So I appreciate the details there as always. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of John Ransom. 
John Ransom – Raymond James:  Hey, good morning. Couple of things. I was looking for an update in the Manatee [ph] market. If you see any, I mean any daylight in Florida or if it continues to get worse from a bad debt standpoint. And also just how the two hospitals performing now that the one down in the Ranch [ph] there has been over for a couple of years. Thanks. 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Sure, John. Manatee [ph] had a major renovation, which was completed at the end of June. Unfortunately for the Florida market that’s not the greatest timing so having the renovation for the summer is not really a good indicator of how, what sort of an impact it will have. Probably in our next call when we have gone through a busy season we will have a better sense of what that really has meant to us. Lakewood Ranch opened late in FY04, been opened for a few years. We continued to really wipe the Lakewood Ranch market. I know John that you are familiar with it, it’s just a very demographically positive market, just a lot of good economics surround the market. The challenge that we have there is we are really obligated in order to succeed to take market share from some very large and successful hospitals in Sarasota. I think that’s taking us longer to accomplish than we thought and so Lakewood remains, just a slightly profitable hospital for us.  But I think our long term view of the market and that hospital remains quite positive. I know you have been down there and if anyone has been down there I think they would understand why we continue to have a very good feeling about the long term prospects of that market. It reminds us in many ways of the Summerland market in Las Vegas and other markets we’re had experience in. 
John Ransom – Raymond James:  Yes I think they have a nicer hotel there than we do in whole huge metropolis of Tampa. So I’m probably jealous if anything. The other question I had was, the states have been in a pretty good medicate cycle and a good revenue cycle. The, obviously that’s starting to turn, what are you hearing about any pressures from, I know we have just gotten through the gene budget cycle, but are there any states we need to be aware of that may be going in reverse from a medicate stand point? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  No I mean actually you are right I think we have gone through a few years of pressure in many of our states from the medicate program, I think actually most of the data that's out there shows that state budgets are actually looking better etc. So if any thing, I think we are expecting maybe a little bit of a loosening of purse strings across the country. Now having side that, our expectations in our modeling for the next few years, our medicate price increase is in 0% to 2%. I mean certainly nothing extra ordinary, but even that is probably a little better than we have actually experience over the last few years. 
John Ransom – Raymond James:  Okay thanks a lot. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Kemp Dolliver. 
Kemp Dolliver – Cowen and Company:  Yes thanks. Couple of questions, first is the construction project for the third party still likely to rap up around the end of this year? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  It will probably slip over into the first quarter of next year Kemp. I think its about three quarters done from a construction prospective and is said to open in the first quarter. So I am assuming that sort of from the bill paying and bill collecting prospective, we’ll have some first quarter activity next year and it should then marginally wrap up. 
Kemp Dolliver – Cowen and Company:  Okay good and Steve, could you quantify the self pay volumes for the quarter 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  I realized as I was looking through the material when Gary asked his question for am not sure I have that with me Kemp, although my recollection is that as I sort of said before, I mean our self paid volumes trends in the third quarter pretty much mirrored what we had experienced in the second quarter. And we frankly I think had hoped for little bit of an improvement and just for the most parts saw the trend continue. 
Kemp Dolliver – Cowen and Company:  Okay that's great thanks. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Thomas Gallucci. 
Thomas Gallucci – Merrill Lynch:  Thank you good morning. Just a couple of follow ups to some of the questions that have been asked. Just on the south Texas investigation I know that, we know what you know, did they give you any sense for timing at all in terms of next events or anything like that? That we might be able to find out more? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  One of the challenges that we have is that government, I think has said a few times that, they were intending to try and bring us to a conclusion perhaps by the end of this year etc. But I mean, there is no sort of guarantee there and we can’t necessarily account on that. So we sort of continue along, according to there schedule and when they are ready to present their findings to us, presuming they will do so and there is little weak in due to influence [inaudible] to cooperate and that will essentially move along according to there schedule. 
Thomas Gallucci – Merrill Lynch:  Okay and then just on the leverage again in the balance sheet and uses of cash, if I am not mistaken you are probably somewhere around three times debt to EBITDA. Can you remind us sort of, of your comfort level where you, what would you move up to? Then I think you’ve could talked a little bit about being opportunistic on acquisitions side. You did do some share repurchases in the quarter, but I might have thought it may have been a little more aggressive so may be just remind us there, where would you be comfortable going? And may be if you see any more significant uses of cash between now and let’s say, year end as opposed to what we’ve seen in last few months. 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Sure I mean I think as the conversation went before, you didn’t see the level of share repurchase that perhaps you expected; not because we were necessarily concerned about our debt levels, in fact I think Allen said, we have plenty of capacity. But we, as we said we have been waiting for perhaps the acquisitions opportunities that we haven’t see for a few years and there is no guarantee we will see them but although our expectation was that we might have an opportunity to see some more of those.  We certainly have remained one of the more conservatively leverage companies in the spaces you know, we probably don’t intend to take on the LBO or LBO like levels of debt of our, some of our peers, but we certainly can take on more debts and for the right transaction and for the compiling opportunity we are certainly willing to do so. I think we have announced that before we are going to continue to evaluate, we are continue to watch we have been cautious, that’s sort of been our history. But we are also going to respond our opportunities as they arise both in terms of buyback our own shares as well as any external opportunity represents themselves to us. 
Thomas Gallucci – Merrill Lynch:  Okay and then may be just the final one, the Behavioral health business pricing was up nicely, sequentially. Is that more a function of mix or can you expand on what the dynamics are there? Thanks. 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Sure, we talked a little bit about in first six months, I think pricing under Behavioral side was little bit lower than we expected and I think we said that, that there were things that we could do in terms of mix and contractual negotiations and things to push that number up a little bit and I think to our operators credit we managed to accomplish a number of those things in the third quarter.  We, I think we have said before, we ought to be able to sustain in 4% to 5% pricing creases on increases on the behavioral side. We were kind of at the high-end of that in the third quarter, which we were grateful for but we think we can kind of stay in that range at least. 
Thomas Gallucci – Merrill Lynch:  Okay thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor. 
Gary Taylor – Bank of America:  Hi good morning, just going back to Las Vegas briefly, actually from a seasonal prospective it looks like Las Vegas about the typical seasonal trend, and the margin in the profitability were actually. Is there anything you kind of characterized first quarters best of all worlds and the second quarter as specific sort of headwinds and I thought the third would kind of be in the middle, which looks like we are at sell out. Is there anything sequentially different in Vegas outside of just payer mix? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Well I would say just two things Gary, I mean one is I think that the reference that you made to season out in Vegas. I mean there is some seasonality but just from a personal prospective I can tell you that, someone who is now been going to Vegas for some twenty years, used to go to Vegas in the summer time and it would be dead and that’s just not the case anymore. The hotels are lot more busy and more occupied than they used to be in the summer time and so I think there is less seasonality in Vegas, than there was historically. But the other issue I think the whole Sierra issue really is not going to do with seasonality as much as it does with this. Major contractual change that was made at the end of the year.  What happened there at the beginning of the year, in the first quarter is we got this incremental Sierra business and we were able to keep all of the, our other business at the same time and then as the year went on and certainly the second quarter went on, some of that business began to grab a take. So naturally I think in some cases to the less busy facilities, which I think handed to be the HCA facilities, which have lost their Sierra volume. And certainly HCA was proactively trying to attract non-Sierra business and I think they were successful in dealing it in the second quarter. In the third quarter our own operators responded a little bit more balanced, attracted back some of that business, just managed their business a little bit better and as I said to a couple of people in the call, I think that, that’s kind of a sustainable level where we are in the third quarter. 
Alan B. Miller – President & Chief Executive Officer:  Have you been spending a lot of time in Las Vegas ? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Not recently. 
Gary Taylor – Bank of America:  Okay so its pretty, I mean you had, that was your expectation anyway you had laid out. First you thought third quarter would be some sort of balance between the trends you had seen in the first and the second.  On the Texas dish, in particularly some of the upper payment limit counties in question. Have you changed anything with respect to revenue recognition or accounting treatment on any dish moneys or, I guess essentially in a few counties the state’s not paying this money. Is that right? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  I think what has happened is, I think we can confuse the two programs. I don’t think there’s been any interruption to dish moneys or disproportion share moneys. About 3 weeks ago or so, Texas issued a press release saying that CMS was going to look at some of the specific county UPL programs; which is different than the disproportion share program. And what Texas said was, they were going to defer any new request for money until CMS sort of cleared those programs.  I think the last payments made for UPL were in August. They tend to make those payments quarterly in this state and kind of state fiscal year, so the next payments will be, were scheduled to be in November. We don’t know if they’ll be made on a timely basis or not. CMS has started the process of gathering information to look at certain county programs. We think that our programs in South Texas are likely to be looked at because they haven’t been looked at before. But, our program in Amarillo where we get two-thirds of our UPL reimbursement is probably not likely to be looked at in this round because its been reviewed before by CMS in this past muster previously so that’s our expectation. We don’t know if payments will be made in November on the same, like I said on a timely basis. But from an accounting prospective as I mentioned before we've not done anything to change our recording of UPL moneys in the September time frame which is really the only time frame that’s an issue at the moment because we were paid through August. 
Gary Taylor - Banc Of America Securities:  And have you? Maybe I missed it then, ex Amarillo have you talked about what the revenue run rate is from UPL is? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Yes can we disclose in, I think our, definitely our 10-K and I think our 10-Q as well that, we expected to receive in 2007 about $19 million of UPL moneys in Texas. About two-thirds of that in the Amarillo market and then the remaining one-third or so from the South Texas markets, McAllen, Loredo and Maverick county. 
Gary Taylor - Banc Of America Securities:  Great. And my last question just going back to the construction contract, $20 million of revenue in the quarter winding down by the first, does the revenue amount wind down 4Q to 1Q or does it look stable sequentially? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  It’s a little hard to predict Gary I would think its, it probably remains about the same in 4Q and then I think probably winds down some in the first quarter of next year before ceasing altogether. 
Gary Taylor – Bank of America:  Great thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo.  Whit Mayo – Stephens Inc.  Thanks, good morning. Behavioral looked to be up a little bit in the quarter. Just any color you can provide on that just whether or not that was a mix between RTC. and the QPEDS, and just any outlook on your opinion of where you see that trending over the next year? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  White, I have to be honest with you, I don't recall sort of seeing that trends other than if you suggest it's there, it's there. We have obviously waited portfolio a little bit more to the residential side over the last few years so it really doesn't come as a big surprise. But just generally I will tell you on a same store basis we've seen very few changes to our length of stay. So if there was a little bit of an increase I would suspect it was probably a little bit of a shift mix to the residential side.  Whit Mayo – Stephens Inc.  Great. And similar to many of your peers it looks like you're likely to come in a little the lighter on your CapEx relative to your guidance. Just how should we think about your spending for the fourth quarter and just any thoughts at this point on FY08? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  I think that we will wind up spending in 2007 just somewhere in the 365 to 375 range and probably for FY08 as we finish the Centennial project but start up our Texoma project I think that 375 range is probably as good a guess as atypical. Texoma.  Whit Mayo – Stephens Inc.  Great and just finally, just I made a point on that the call but I didn’t hear any mention of guidance at this point just I don't know if you guys are confirming the range of 3 to 305 at this point or any changes there? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  We haven’t commented on that Whit because as so has been the case all year we were being comfortable with that originally guidance that we issued and so we are leaving it to speak for itself and sit out there.  Whit Mayo – Stephens Inc.  Right thanks guys I appreciate it. 
Operator:  Your next question comes form the line of Matthew Ripperger, 
Matthew Ripperger – Citigroup:  Hi, thanks very much, just a couple of questions could you comment on how much CapEx you are going to need to finish the Texoma and Palmdale hospitals and how is that going to be staged out over the next couple of years in FY08 and FY09. 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Palmdale is some where in the neighborhood of $175 million, $185 million project probably there is a decent amount to spend on that in FY07 but prior to the bulk of it will be in FY08 and we will finish in FY09. Texoma is a less costly project as it is in Texas. Its probably in the $130 million, $135 million range that sort of price gets split between 2008 and 2009. 
Matthew Ripperger – Citigroup:  As you said here today are there any other replacement hospitals or new hospital developments initiatives that you got sort of in the plans for the next couple of years. 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  None that are begun, we have looked at some new properties in California potentially et cetera, but certainly none there are in that in that committed stage? 
Matthew Ripperger – Citigroup:  Okay. And then second question is just on mental health parity, it seems like there is growing momentum for that I wanted to see if you could do two things; one is handicap, what you think the likelihood of parity going through and the two is if you can update us on how you and your Behavioral operators think that could actually impact utilization on the commercial side going forward? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  As far as the handicapping piece goes, I think most observers had commented that the better chance than ever that mental health parity legislation gets passed but I still think, it’s a 50-50 shot in terms of whether it can pass both halves of the Congress, its passed the senate but is always historically stalled in the house. In terms of what the impact could be, hard to know, we are do operate in some states where it has, the states have passed health parity legislation and our experience with that is that we’ve had some incremental benefit in those states but its not terribly dramatic, other observers have indicated they think there could be a 10% or 15% increase in utilization, I think we take the efforts that we will wait and see where there A as you indicate whether the legislation passes it all and B whether that kind of really measurable impact would materialize. We certainly be thrilled to see it happened, but we are not predicting it just yet. 
Matthew Ripperger – Citigroup:  Last question. In the past you have provided margins for the McAllen market, could you update those margins today, or is that something we should look forward in the queue? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  We generally do it in our filings, I have right in front of me, but I mean I don’t think our McAllen margins have changed dramatically, they probably in the mid single-digits and was kind of what our expectations was for the year and I think we have been running in that range. 
Matthew Ripperger – Citigroup:  Okay. Thanks very much. 
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Ken Weakley. 
Ken Weakley - Credit Suisse:  Thanks and good morning every one. I was just curious if we can talk about maybe operating margins by payer category, do you or you want me to disclose either specifically or maybe just directionally revenue per adjusted mission across your payer categories, I am just trying to get a sense especially given some of the Medicare changes were coming, where profitability might go on your different payer classes? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  I mean I don’t have that information in front of me, Ken, I mean I do think that the payer classes in most markets have sort of gravitated closer to each other. I still think in most markets, commercial payers are better margin payers but they are lot closer to Medicare today than they were just a few years ago and I think Medicaid in most markets and in most service lines, lags a little behind those two but I don’t have those consolidated numbers in front of me. 
Ken Weakley - Credit Suisse:  If you had to I guess given some of the changes with the expansion of the DRG system as well as to continue roll out of recalibration, do you think Medicare patients become more or less profitable given your asset mix? 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  I think we’ve felt as we looked at the expansion of Medicare DRGs that will benefit slightly from the expansion, obviously, its incumbent upon us to make sure we are coding properly and doing everything we can, sort of administratively do to handle the expansion properly but our general senses that will do a little bit better. 
Ken Weakley - Credit Suisse:  Okay. Thanks so much. 
Unidentified Company Representative:  Sure. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan. 
Frank Morgan - Jefferies & Co:  Good morning Steve, I wanted to follow-up on some comments you made earlier about the trends in uninsured volumes, could you tell me, you said the trends are similar, is it the trend, the gross rate and the number of uninsured or is the trend the percentage of uninsured is the percentage of total admits, is that staying the same or growing at about the same rates, I guess, if you kind of help me on exactly what you mean by the trend? And then the second question relates to the accounting treatment for this UPL payments like how do you accrue for that based on what you are expected or do you how does that work? Thanks. 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Sure. I think as to your first question, all I was saying before was kind of recapping the year, we saw a much lower number of uninsured in the first quarter than we sort of expected and anticipated for the year, it’s spiked up quite a bit in the second quarter and again the number of uninsureds I think continued at that high level in the third quarter. Its sort of all I was trying to say when I talked about the continuing trend in the third quarter. As far as UPL revenue recognition goes, when these programs are established, you know how much money we are receiving from Medicaid like sources, county programs or health district programs and we also know what is the better match level is in that particular state. So we have a pretty good sense of how much UPL money we should be receiving every quarter and every month and that’s the amount of money that we do record. 
Operator:  [Operator Instructions] At this time sir, you have no further questions. 
Steve G. Filton – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Controller:  Okay, we thank everybody for their time and we will speak to everybody next quarter. 
Operator:  This does conclude today’s conference call, all you may now disconnect.
